William Leo Meaney: Thank you, Rod. And before I turn the call back to the operator for questions, let me quickly sum up what you've heard today so far. First, this was a very good quarter, and we are headed into the Recall integration from a strong position. Our core storage business performed well and remains extremely durable, a characteristic that has been demonstrated both in good economic conditions as well as through downturns. And if you recall, last year, we finished the year with a 1.5% internal revenue growth rate, i.e., before acquisition, and our Q1 results showed a 2% internal revenue growth rate, which also compares favorably to the Q1 of last year of 1.4%. So – it was a good quarter also in terms of revenue growth. Second, we're feeling good about the Recall transaction. Our progress on integration and our ability to derive benefits from scale which supports additional growth in cash flow. And finally our high-margin business coupled with our focus on continuous cost control continues to give us high confidence in our ability to deploy that incremental cash flow into growth investment, deleveraging and near-term double-digit growth in our dividend per share. With that, operator, we're now ready for questions.
William Leo Meaney: Okay. Hi, George. Good morning. Thanks for the question. So, we still don't see much of an abating of that trend. So we're not predicting the bottom – I mean it's – as I think I've said a few times, it's on the records management side, we have seen a flattening out, but on the tape, it's a little bit behind the curve. What's encouraging is that we see high single-digit, low double-digit quarter declines in the – what I would call the transportation or rotating the tapes, as you say, part of the service business, but we see mid-single-digit growth in those new services, which is what allows us to offset the rate of decline. So, we do see – albeit off a small base – but we do see significant impact in terms of growth to some of these new service offerings like the service offering I highlighted on the call with EMC.
William Leo Meaney: I'll let Rod answer that in the more detailed aspect of the questions, but I think I'll just touch upon your last – the last part of your question in terms of what we found through the integration planning with Recall. And I think what we – the main difference – I think we talked about that on the April 1 call is we found that we've – what I would call more capital efficiency. So two areas specifically is we found in terms of maintenance CapEx. We feel very comfortable that Recall's maintenance CapEx will be in line with what we spend on our facilities, i.e., around 2.6% of revenue, whereas before we thought we were going to have to spend more because they had done a number of acquisitions. So we feel comfortable based on integration planning that it's kind of a like-for-like integration in terms of level of maintenance CapEx. The other area which we feel very comfortable now which was an unknown for us is we had a significant uptick or original budgeting for IT systems because again we didn't know if our platforms would be big enough to scale efficiently to absorb all of the Recall operations. And again, we feel very comfortable. So you'll see that we still have significant investment to absorb the Recall operations onto our IT platforms, but much more in line that we're taking on a company that's a quarter of our size rather than one that we would have to rebuild or relaunch major IT systems. So those are then the two areas which I would say are positive surprises that we've had on the integration side, but, Rod, you may want to comment a little bit more in terms of the guidance.
William Leo Meaney: So – its a good question, Andrew. So good morning. The – so, first of all, I would say that they are specific projects, but not necessarily one-time in nature. In other words, what I'm saying is we expect to continue to have these kinds of projects that we sell as we go through, but they're not – these are – it could be a project for company X today and company Y tomorrow. So these are discrete projects but not ones that we don't expect to have a recurring pattern. That being said, which I said both in my remarks, I think Rod also mentioned in his remarks, that these tend to be more lumpy. So I wouldn't change our guidance in terms of overall growth in terms of revenue, because you will see some ups and downs on that. So I would keep the guidance the same, and that's our expectation. But it is an area – you're right to call it out. It is an area that we're putting more and more discrete focus on as an initiative because we're hearing from our customers, they are looking for more and more those kinds of, what I would call, project related services as we kind of take their – a full management of their document from creation to storage approach. So just by the very nature, it is more project related. We have focused more of our attention in providing those kinds of services for our customers, so you can expect continued growth in that area, but it will be lumpy.
William Leo Meaney: And the one thing I would add, so – and you would expect our margins to be kind of similar year-on-year because the mix hasn't shifted that much. But what we've said, I think, on the last couple of calls, what you will see over time is not that we're not focused on margins, but we're less focused on the specific margin number because we're looking at return on invested capital as the mix of services change, because as I was talking – answering the question earlier about what's happening with transportation, for instance, in our data management or our tape business, the transportation typically is very high margin business. So as we supplant some of that revenue loss with new service initiatives, many of those have a lower margin, but they also have lower capital associated with them so similar returns. So – but I think the bridge year-on-year, you're not going to see a massive change in mix over time. So I think the bridge is important one on a short period of time to see what's really happening.
William Leo Meaney: Okay. It is a good question. I think I understand the question behind the question because in some of the markets we highlighted, there were some of the segments we highlighted is that volume was growing faster than revenue, if I understand where your question is coming from. I think the – I wouldn't read too much into that. I think generally, our guidance is the same that we're achieving inflation or a little bit more than inflation in terms of pricing in each of our markets. So it does look a little bit odd in this quarter that you see in a couple of segments where we actually achieved higher volume growth than total revenue growth on a storage basis. I think that's more driven by a couple of things. One is, that in one of our business lines, we had a major – a very large customer major renewal, and I think as we've talked about before is when we have large customer renewals is you get this sawtooth where at the renewal point is you take a discount, and then it climbs up through that period. So there was a little bit of that going on. And then specifically in Europe, we had a market where we successfully took on a very large public sector customer which has actually similar pricing as, say, a lot of our other developed markets. But because of the historical volume of some customers just reaching their natural life or some of the boxes of natural – of customers reaching their natural life going out. At the same time you have a – what effectively looks like a dilution effect, but overall, our pricing still continues to track. If we look at it over a 12 months or kind of a trailing basis, we expect it to continue to track to be slightly ahead of inflation. So you'll see that kind of go back into the normal zone.
William Leo Meaney: I think as I probably said a year ago, we like all of our businesses, we never fall in love with any of our businesses. So you know, I would say the same thing about shred or any of our portfolio of businesses. I think – look, we're getting some good growth out of the business. We – when we sold off the Australian and the UK business, I guess, a little over year ago that was because we didn't think those markets we had the scale to actually do it. I think we're getting a nice turnaround or improvement in our business in North America. That being said, we look at all our businesses but not just shred. We look in geographies. So businesses and geographies we look at it on a portfolio of basis. And if at some point we feel that there is a better owner for either a business line or even a geography of a – what you might think is even a core business line, we will consider that. So there are no plans, but we're pretty disciplined on a capital allocation approach across our portfolio of management.
William Leo Meaney: I mean we – I think we've highlighted before. We've put a new leader in charge of that business and really kind of put a separate, almost managing it as a separate business unit about a year ago, and he's really doing a stand-up job on it. I mean, he is taking a very different approach to driving that business. I think too much before we were focused on chasing customers rather than managing windshield time, and that is a business that lends itself to route density. So different approach, very strong leader and as a result, we're getting good results from that business.
William Leo Meaney: No. I wouldn't say that. I mean, I guess you're talking about Stericycle taking over Shred-It, but I think, look, it's – our sense is it was run as a separate business unit when it was PE-backed, and it's run as a separate business unit – in fact it has the same leader of that business now as it did before when it was owned by the PE firm. So I think it's pretty much the same competitive dynamic that we had before, but I think we're just doing a better job quite frankly than we were before. Not that we were doing a bad job before, but we just have a much more singular focus on day-to-day management of it.
William Leo Meaney: Hi, good morning, Karin. So I think a couple things. One is, I think if you look at the 2.2% this quarter, it's in line with what Q4 was and as much of anything driven by that we had a 3% increase in Q1 last year. So it's a quarter on quarter, in other words, it's a high comparable versus last year. So it's the main thing that's driving the – or one of the main drivers of driving it. The other thing which we said is that we expect a ramp through the year. I mean, we feel like we're well on track. But that's why we said we expect still at the end of year to end up north of 2.5% in terms of internal storage revenue growth. The other thing you should go back, is important to look at, if we look at year-on-year comparison, if we look at just total internal revenue growth, total internal revenue growth for the company quarter one 2015 was 1.4% and we have delivered 2% this quarter and overall last year we had 1.5% and we delivered 2% this quarter. So we feel comfortable with the ramp even on a total revenue basis that we're achieving. And specifically, if we look at the storage rental revenue, as I say, you need to look at, quarter-on-quarter is we're looking at a very strong quarter in 2015 and then we have a natural ramp during the year.
William Leo Meaney: I think you can probably appreciate, we don't guide by the quarter we have a lot of confidence as we look out the course of the year because we see the pipeline of projects, but the actual timing of those projects. You know, quite frankly, some of those projects came in earlier in Q1 than we expected, some of those we thought we are going to come in Q2. So the exact timing of projects are not in our control many times. So we feel comfortable with the pipeline and what we're going to deliver for a year-end result, but to give you quarterly guidance, we're not going to do that.
William Leo Meaney: No. I think, I'll let Rod talk about it. He can give you a little more flavor about currency. I mean, FX is usually the thing that affects us but doesn't affect us from a liquidity because our costs in revenue are matched, but generally, the great thing about this business, its – maybe I shouldn't say battleship. That probably is – people don't like that analogy, but it just plows through basically any weather. I mean, the – if you look at the GFC [global financial crisis], we had positive rental revenue growth right through the GFC where of any of the company, whether self storage or industrial storage didn't have that. So first of all, even if we see turmoil, it doesn't really affect our business, and we don't see anything that would affect it, even a Brexit which – which Rod – which I think can probably comment on more than I can. So you know, we look at these things all the time. We do want to say that we are not complacent as a company as we do look at political risks when we make investments. And we think about the political risk both in terms of what could happen in that country in terms of economic turmoil, but also in terms of currency, but, Rod, you may want to comment a little bit on currency.
William Leo Meaney: If there's no – it doesn't look like there's any further questions, operators. So first of all, I guess we'd like to thank everyone. I know it's a busy time of the year for dialing in and listening in today. And again, we're very excited that we think we've had a very good quarter, which is more importantly is giving us a very strong foundation and entry point into the Recall acquisition which we're really excited about. And the company hasn't done an acquisition that is this transformational probably since the Pierce Leahy acquisition, which was done my predecessor. So we're really looking forward to taking the strong quarter, layering on what Recall can bring as a next stage for growth in the company both in terms of cash flow and dividend growth. So thank you again and look forward to speaking to you next quarter.
Roderick Day: Yes, in terms of the assumptions we've made for Recall performance for the remainder of this year is essentially is consistent with the performance that we've seen over recent periods. So we've just trended that forward. So it's a modest underlying growth within the business of around 2%, and there's acquisition benefit on top of that. And margins being broadly and consistent so we've not assumed any inflection point up or down in terms of performance, just a continuation of the trend.
Roderick Day: Yeah, let me do that. So if we look at the same periods last year, our service gross margin was 26.1% and this quarter we came in at 24.3%. There's really two key factors that's driving the difference. One is we had an increase in medical costs year-over-year that accounts for 1.0% of that differential. And the second is we took some severance costs in a number of our services businesses as part of a sort of ongoing program to drive longer-term improvements in margin. And that has an impact of 0.6%. There's a small other component which has to do with some vacation accruals. If you're to factor those in, we'd actually would have had a service gross margin of 26.2% and say that would compared to 26.1% from last year. So that's the drivers of difference.
Roderick Day: Yes. Again, I also referred to that in the prepared remarks. It is a timing issue. We typically spend more of our maintenance CapEx in the back half of the year than in the first half. And so, it's just a similar trend that we're seeing this year. We'll obviously – well, to your point, it is one of the items we will be evaluating as well as sort of post-close of Recall, but at the moment, our guidance on that for the full year still stands.
Roderick Day: I think maybe just one thing to add on shred. It's not a short-term performance problem for us. Certainly in the last few quarters we've seen some good traction in terms of new customer wins which has helped boost revenue, and there has been some good work actually driving the underlining efficiencies within the business. We also saw the paper price for shred recycled paper start to stabilize.
Roderick Day: Yeah. Maybe two things, Karin. Just in terms of currency, as I mentioned in the remarks, because we've actually seen a sort of slight weakening of the U.S. dollar more recently and that could be a favorable for us for the full year. So, across the basket of currencies, if things stay as they are, it would be a slight favorable. So, that – that's a negative if you like for us has turned around, I'm sure as for many other global businesses. In terms of the economic turmoil in certain markets, it's a good question but as Bill points out, we are relatively immune from that. So if I could pick an example such as Russia or Colombia or Brazil, which it's quite difficult straits and more broadly our business is actually performing well and to plan in those markets. It's really to do with the fundamentals of the businesses as Bill pointed out.
Roderick Day: That's a good question. We think – well, we hope it will be in the sort of 5% to 6% range, but when we go to market, we will see what the conditions are, but we recently raised some U.S. debt a few months ago at 6% when the market conditions actually weren't as favorable as they are now. So hopefully we can get a bit below that.
