J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, in terms of the supplementals and contingents, I think that’s indicative of the kind of work were doing for our clients, frankly. I mean, it’s indicative of the fact that we are growing nicely with carriers and that’s profitable growth with very good customers. And we work very hard to make sure that the carriers compensate us for the work that we are doing and I think it shows in those numbers. Also, remember when we do acquisitions, Kai, we bring in people that don’t necessarily have the same arrangements with carriers that we have and that improves those results once they are part of Gallagher.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think the contingents and supplementals, Kai, will grow as we continue to do acquisitions, not at the pace they have in the last couple years.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all, Kai, what we are seeing in the pricing environment, for larger transactions that would either be considered a platform transaction or the selling out of a rollup, those multiples are at levels we don’t like. And so we would certainly not shy away from a large deal if we thought we could price it and if we thought the culture fit, but we are very happy with the deals in our pipeline now which are very much in line with what you saw in 2016.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think, as you saw in my formal comments, we think 2017 all in will look like 2016. So I’m hoping that we can maintain greater than 3% as you roll it all together. Australia and New Zealand just had a terrific year. I think we shared with you that Australia, when we did the large deal in 2014, had a base commission and fee that was actually declining. It was declining a small amount but was in fact in negative territory. New Zealand has always been in very positive territory. Our team in Australia is done a terrific job over the last two years and we are now in positive territory in Australia and New Zealand continues to kill it. So I think again, when you average that back into what’s happening domestically, I’m pretty comfortable hoping that we stay in the 3.5% area.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And I think Doug hit on it. The pipeline, it never ceases to amaze me just how incredible this business is. One source estimates there’s 30,000 agents and brokers in America. And if you think about that, in business insurances number 100 last year did $25 million in revenue. So somehow there’s possibly 29,900 firms that are smaller than $25 million. And most of these firms have baby boomers at the helm. So there is no shortage of opportunities for us to find great people. I call every one of these merger partners and, I will tell you, they are all excited to come aboard because I call it the candy store. Once we let them in the candy store they know they’ve got a lot more to sell.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well. And those people that want stock, that is an indication of a real partner, we are happy to do that. And if we can arrange it with them to be a tax-free transaction, God bless them. But most of these people come to us with advisers that are telling them when you get the stock sell a good chunk of it anyway and so they are happy to take cash.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. So USI is a solid franchise, great history. But as for them becoming a greater threat, remember Josh, we have about 32 areas that we have vertical strength. We call them our niches. And in those stitches, whether it be construction, religious and not-for-profit, higher education, et cetera, et cetera, and I can run down all 30 of them. We believe in every single one of those we are stronger than anybody in the marketplace and we don’t fear anyone.
J. Patrick Gallagher: USI is in our wheelhouse in some cities. They are a little bit more disparate group than we are. I think we are a little bit more focused on our niches and working together across profit centers and across the globe in those niches. But, no, they are good competition.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Doug is right. We know that over 90% of the time when we compete we are competing with the local, smaller agent.
J. Patrick Gallagher: First of all, yes. Construction is probably our single-largest niche in the United States. And in 2016 that niche crushed it. I won’t give you the actual organic but it was way better than what you are seeing us with the rest of the Company. Anything the new President does in regards to infrastructure spending will fall into the construction area and will be incredibly beneficial to us. Anything that the new administration does relative to healthcare and the ACA, clients will really, really need our – they will need our support and our consulting capabilities. So when I look at what could be coming out of Washington in the next few years, I think it is incredibly positive for us.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And Doug hit on the PE model, Quentin, you are absolutely right. That model absolutely needs the interest deduction to work. The PE firms have driven multiples up. I lived through this once before in my career and that was when the banks decided that the brokerage business was flavor of the month. And every time we would compete, a bank would be 3 to 5 multiple points higher than us and so they drove prices up. We basically did fewer deals. And when the banks got their belly ache going and decided it wasn’t flavor of the month anymore, multiples came down and we did great.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Exposures are up a little bit stronger in the second half than they were in the first half and by that I’m talking basis points; I’m not talking percentage points. And I think that 2017 will see a continuation of that. I had a customer in just last night – I spent a good bit of time with the customer yesterday afternoon. And he is a midsize manufacturer locally here – very locally; I can look at the window and see his plant – and he had 22% growth last year organic. So that’s stronger than our base customer but that was pretty positive.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Stronger. I think as we have expanded RPS; as you know RPS, the largest MGA in the country, plus it’s one of the largest open-market brokers and one of the largest program managers. The program side was a little slower but open-market broking and MGA stuff was very strong.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think, I wouldn’t give it – I wouldn’t say it’s in any one specific area. A place where we’ve gotten more activity but had a little bit more difficulty is of course transportation. But it hasn’t been just focused on construction, it’s really been across the board. Probably, Adam, driving as much of that is new business startups.
J. Patrick Gallagher: First defined benefits. The cash flows that are generated today should go well into the mid-2020. The ability to generate credits for our 2009-era plants, they will be done generating credits at the end of 2019, which is about a third of the production. Our 2011 plants would run to the end of 2011. But again we are producing excess credits today that would provide a glide path well into the mid-2020s at current rates and perhaps even longer if we get a tax rate drop to about – if you drop down to 20% our credits might go a little bit longer than that.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And in that business, Charles, we are the underwriter, right, so soft markets in very specific programs hurt us
J. Patrick Gallagher: And remember, when a seller sells, Sarah, they are gone. You can’t get someone that wants to sell their business to decide they are going to wait a year and a half.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, initial conversations, Ken – ACA is not that old. You go back in time, the number- one challenge for most business people is getting the right team together, right. It’s getting the right people on the bus. If you are going to do that for the most part you’ve got to have attractive benefit offers. Now, there were very small accounts obviously before ACA that were not offering benefits to their people. But by and large the majority of the clients that we talk to would continue on doing exactly what they did before the ACA, which is making sure they had a benefits package that was attractive to their employees. What they want is help understanding where this thing is going.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I don’t think there will be a reduction. I’m not going to give you any numbers or percentages, but when there is change in the marketplace it’s good for Gallagher.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Good. I do have a quick closing comment. First of all, thanks again, everyone, for being with us this morning. We do believe 2016 was an excellent year for Gallagher and our focus remains on executing on each component of our value creation strategy. We will grow organically in 2017. We will grow through acquiring the best brokers. We will improve our quality and productivity. And we are going to continue to invest and celebrate our culture. We think 2017 will be another great year as we build on the success of 2016. Thank you for being with us this morning.
Doug Howell: To add onto that – it’s a good question. I think that we are doing a lot of work on product development, product enhancement, analytics that really develop a better product for the customers and the carriers are recognizing that. And also I think that there is something that’s important I have said before. It’s a little bit of a blurred line at times between a supplemental and a base commission. If you look at – if we get an enhanced commission in the field that would be considered base commission. If that comes in over the top directly from the carrier let’s say to the region or to the corporate offices, that would be referred to as supplemental. But it’s basically arriving from the same behavior, delivering a better product to the customer and the carrier is recognizing that that service has additional value.
Doug Howell: I think a big piece of that. If you look at where we are having nice margin expansion – the U.S., we are getting a lot of margin expansion from our units there. Those have done a lot of work already to improve margins kind of to the upper range. And we are getting margin expansion from our international operations too as we integrate the larger deals.
Doug Howell: Right. Good question. I think the margin expansion, it’s going to be both. I think organic over 3% will contribute some. And I think as we do some of our improvement efforts, we’ve talked about improving efforts in Australia. There’s a little bit in Canada and in our UK retail space. If you look at those businesses they are all still in the lower- to mid-20%s when it comes to margins, so we have maybe 3, 4 points on each of those businesses. Australia remember is a $100 million business; Canada is a $100 million business; and our UK retail space is a $350 million business. So you add 3 points on that on maybe $500 million of revenue there might be $15 million more margin lift opportunities there. And then if you have organic over 3% you might be able to harvest maybe 40% of that, 35% of that of the incremental amount, but that’s really the nature of the margin expansion that we are seeing here. Again, we’ve got some nice continuous improvement efforts that we are doing that might bear some fruit in 2018, but that’s the dimension of margin expansion that we are seeing in this environment right now.
Doug Howell: Yes, there’s two things. There’s an interesting dynamic there. I think that the sellers that really are interested in staying in the business want to do the right thing for their employees, continue to work hard and sell insurance and really recognize our capabilities. They are really looking at – they are willing to sell for fair multiples. And what I mean by fair is somewhere between 7 times and 9 times. When you’re looking for someone that’s really interested in taking the money and running there’s multiples out there they can get a lot higher than that. So what we are doing is we are looking for folks that have good agencies, good brokerages; they know how to make money already; they’ve got nice margin; they are interested in staying in the business. And they understand – and Pat uses this all the time – that 1 plus 1 can equal 3, 4 and 5. And that’s the folks we are looking for. But there is pressure on pushing multiples up out there. But there’s – we are trying to do 60 deals, nice tuck-in deals a year. There’s 60 folks out there that we are better together than what they are independent. So that’s the folks we are looking for and the pipeline is full of them.
Doug Howell: It’s great. Cash and stock, we didn’t use any net stock in deals in 2016 and we don’t expect to do that in 2017. And that would allow us to do about $750 million of acquisitions in 2017 without using shares. Now if a person wants shares because – for tax planning or they want shares, we will give them the shares and we will buy them back in the marketplace. And we have and 8 million share authorization buyback that’s on the shelf, so we have plenty of room there. How do we feel about the strong dollar? One of the things to realize is…
Doug Howell: There are some structures that just – they just are not positioned in order to take that stock, so they really don’t have that tax planning strategy in that. So you would have to look at the nature of the seller’s tax position to understand that more than our [indiscernible]. We will give anybody stock as long as we can buy it back in the marketplace.
Doug Howell: Yes, most of the international folks, really they prefer cash just the way they are structured and just also owning – in some jurisdictions they just don’t want to own a U.S.-listed company. As for the strong dollar, yes, it does mean that we can buy international franchises at a discount so to speak just because of the strong dollar. But that’s not fueling our appetite for deals. We are not going to rush out to go do a bad deal just because the dollar is stronger. The other thing that’s great about our capital management is as we generate cash internationally we don’t have to bring it home; we have reinvestment opportunities internationally. So if we are generating pounds or Aussie dollars we have reinvestment opportunities there. It might be opportunities to repatriate it cheaper in the future with tax reform. But also if we do bring it back to the U.S., we have to pay an elevated tax, we can use some of our $480 million balance sheet of tax credits to shelter that income from taxation in the U.S. So I think that we’re well-positioned. We have the opportunity to use dollars around the world. That’s easy to move over there. We can use local currency if we want. If the seller wants stock we are happy to give that because we can buy it back in the market. So we have a lot of levers that we can pull in our M&A strategy that allow us to capitalize on the environment right now. As for USI, I will let Pat talk about that.
Doug Howell: Also remember, I think that we know that of the publicly traded brokerages we are probably competing against the bigger ones less than 5% of the time when we are out there proposing. It’s this other 29,000 brokers out there that we are competing with day in and day out. USI in one city might be strong against us but in another city it might be Willis or it might be the XYZ Agency in another city. So this is a local business and I don’t worry about any one particular – we don’t have a systemic competition against one person anywhere, or one broker anywhere.
Doug Howell: I think the competition would become less fierce when it comes to using leverage to borrow and buy brokers, so I think that would be helpful for us. What’s the impact of a lost interest deduction to us? Basically you can compute that if you go to page 6 of the CFO commentary – is we are getting an income tax benefit of $45 million right now. If that one away we would just use more of our tax credits. So the cash taxes paid wouldn’t change that much for us. So it wouldn’t cause a big negative. It might have a GAAP impact but we would use that warehouse of credits that we have on the balance sheet to pay those taxes.
Doug Howell: Good question. We do have a couple plants that we can put in place in 2017 that could start generating in 2018 that could cause a step up. You would also have to look at utilization of coal for 2018 and beyond, would influence that. If the Trump policies to favor coal are successful you could have coal plants actually producing more, so that would cause a step up again in 2018 but it would be modest. So new plants could cause a step up. It’s a small plant wouldn’t have a big impact, but for a large plant it could have another step up. But wouldn’t expect much more after the step up here in 2017.
Doug Howell: Let me interrupt just a second, Adam. I think also, this is a law that applies to solar, to wind, to other clean energy-type tax credits. And maybe there’s movement afoot that could extend those to in some way shape or form past 2021. So you might – you’ll see a step back in GAAP earnings but cash earnings will actually exceed GAAP earnings when you get out to that point.
Doug Howell: Yes. Pat, it’s – a little bit of a difference between the indemnity and medical-only claims, but the indemnity is up about 1.5% with the existing client base, so not new growth but thinking of it as these same-store sales. Indemnity is a little bit higher than that. But when you bring in the medical-only claims it’s right around 1% overall.
Doug Howell: Three to six months ago it’s probably about the same. If you remember, Mark, if you go back two years ago it’s probably down a point to a point half.
Doug Howell: I think the program business is about $75 million in total revenues, but when you break down to the area we are talking about a $40 million business that – of the piece that we are really talking about here. Truthfully what happened is we got a transportation program that we moved to a different underwriter and that slowed us down a little bit here in 2016. But we’ve got – the program is back in place. We’ve got it working and we think that we could have some nice uplift in transportation in 2017 if the economy starts humming. You’ve got to move all goods and services with transportation so that could be better than that, but it’s a $40 million business for us.
Doug Howell: You can go into the risk management segment historical financial information and you can take a look at the performance revenues in the past, but basically they had been running $10 million to $15 million a year. We think there could be a rebound in that. I think this year the total year-to-date number is – it looks like the performance bonuses were down from $15.6 million in 2015 down to $3.6 million this year, so there is a possibility of a $10 million recovery on that over time. I don’t think we will pick it all up next year but I think over the next couple of years we will do that. One of the reasons why it’s down I think it’s important to understand is those performance bonuses that we lost this year were predicated on a contract that was written five years ago. And as the client stepped up their expectation of our service over the last five years, we hit it four out of the five years. It’s just the stretch goal for the fifth year was larger. So our quality actually improved and our service actually improved, but we didn’t hit the stretch milestone that was set five years ago. That’s been recalibrated. I think that as we look out we have renewed that program. We’ve got a three or four year contract with some, probably closer to four-year contract with them. And I think the milestones, as we look out into the fourth year, we believe are much more reasonable. And I think that the client would also agree that they probably held us to a standard that was pretty high. So this shouldn’t be interpreted that we missed something. The fact is the milestones were just a little too high as we guessed five years ago when we negotiated that contract. But I think the next one over the next four years we should be able to hit it all.
Doug Howell: Right. It does. I mean there’s management bonuses associated with it that go in there and the staff bonuses that we pay out as we hit those milestones. But, yes, you are right.
Doug Howell: Yes, I think the math would say that if you move from 35% to 20% on a tax rate cash flow discounting on that you would probably have to pay a 1.5 times greater multiple on that. But I think you’d also look at the spread to our multiple would still be about the same. We are buying at probably a 3 point spread to our multiple and – but theoretically our multiple would move up too. But, yes, it’s 1.5 times the multiple – incremental. So if you are paying 7 you might have to pay 8.5 for the exact same cash, in theory just based on the math.
Doug Howell: You are looking at it right. On Page 6 of the CFO commentary the $45 million would be a GAAP reduction. Again we would use tax credits, so there would be no difference on cash because we would use our tax credits faster. And would we favor debt reduction over M&As? No. I think that we would still continue to be an active acquirer of nice tuck-in acquisitions which would pay better than repaying the debt.
Doug Howell: Yes, it is an all-time high. I think our margin improvement over the last five years, we are probably up 400 basis points in margins in the last five years. So, yes, it is. Is it – trees don’t grow to the moon? I think there is a spot where you can have an unhealthy margin. You can’t reinvest into the business. And what I would like to think more about is how does it – to the extent that we have additional margin expansion, what do we do in order to continue to attract good producers and provide better clients to our customers? So we talked about the opportunities internationally. In the U.S. we need to continue to provide the level of service to our customers, so there is a terminal velocity that you reach on this.
Doug Howell: All right, there’s two things I think that you are looking at. If you are talking about in the P&L, investment income and gains on realized books of business, there’s two pieces in there. Premium funding income that we get on our premium funding operations around the world is in there, as well as book gain. And probably the best place to get book gains would be in the – as we adjust EBITDAC – I’m trying to get to that page here – the book gains for the year – stand by. Book gains for the year would be somewhere around, I don’t know, $6 million for the year, something like that. So your question – so now that I’m anchored on where you are. What was your question? This would be something if we decide a book of business doesn’t fit with us we would sell it off, or a producer – if we want to exit a producer sometimes we will sell them a piece of the business that they manage.
Doug Howell: All right, page 13, 14 on the press release – I’m still trying to get to where you are, $1.9 million there. Well, what we are doing – we had a gain of $1.9 million on a book, so when we get to adjusted we take reported and we are reducing that gain as we get down to adjusted because we just sold off a small piece of business.
Doug Howell: Yes, the rest of it would be premium funding income. To the extent that you pull out booked gains, the rest of it would be premium funding, interest income and then you will have an interest expense down in the P&L also.
Doug Howell: First, more important, we own the plant or the facility that actually creates the clean coal – Gallagher plus our partners own that plant. So we take possession of the coal; we treat it and then we sell that coal back to the utility. And so as a result of that the utility can meet their environmental needs that they want to meet. And when – but the utility does not participate in the tax credit. They get a processed, refined coal that’s clean and that’s their incentive to use the clean coal plant.
Doug Howell: If there’s a change in environmental regulation, yes, it could have some impact on their desire to make it clean coal. But most of our utility plants, it doesn’t cost them anything to use this clean coal to a great extent. So I think they continue to use it even if – we really haven’t had any mercury standards for the last 10 years and so they’ve been using clean coal since then. So I think they would – for the better good of society I think they continue to use it.
Doug Howell: One of the things to also remember that in our practice, our employee benefit consulting and practice is that we don’t do a lot of customers that are under 50 lives. It’s just really not, we’re tend to be – when they start getting over 100 or towards 500 to 5,000, that’s where we are playing. So the number of small customers that really are kind of getting whipsawed by all this, that’s really not where we spend most of our time and effort. So it wasn’t a big practice before, it’s not a big practice now. We do it really well for a small customer that wants to use our services, but by and large we don’t play in that space.
Doug Howell: Let me take the carrier and work backwards on this thing. And I think on the carrier side they are still having portfolios that are rolling off at higher interest rates. And so their net renewals, as their portfolios roll it’s going to be renewing down. New money coming in to the extent they would grow would be slightly higher than last year. We are up 75 basis points. On the short end of the curve – probably going to take another 50 basis points in order for it to take any meaningful difference on our results, but it will drop into investment income at that point. You remember the days when we were getting 6% on our short money, that was pretty good. I think that was about $20 million back then. Now it would probably be closer to $100 million.
