Douglas K. Howell: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. Let's start on the first page with the Brokerage segment, which you heard Pat say they had another excellent quarter. First is the Heath Lambert integration cost of $0.02, which is in line with what we guided last quarter. Please recall that we expect about $0.03 to $0.04 of integration cost in the third quarter, which relates to consolidating much of our combined London operations into new office space. Then the integration will be done. Second, you'll see a couple pennies of earnout-related adjustments. Recall these adjustments arise when we change our estimates for the ultimate amount of earnouts and those will always be a little bit volatile. Moving down to Risk Management, a nice clean quarter also with excellent results. So let's flip to the Brokerage segment organic growth tables on the lower half of Page 2. Another very strong quarter, up 5.9%. We saw about 5.7% domestically and about 6.5% internationally. And as Pat said, a little less than 1% from rate, not much from exposure growth. So it was really a nice new business and retention performance in the quarter. Moving next to the bottom of Page 3. You'll see our Brokerage segment expanded adjusted EBITDAC margins another 90 basis points. This marks our seventh straight quarter of margin expansion. In fact, I look back, we've expanded margins 14 out of the last 18 quarters. Let me spend a minute more on margin expansion relative to organic growth. Stay on Page 3 but go to the top. It's to the Brokerage compensation table. You'll read in the note that incentive compensation is up 210 basis points in the second quarter. On a year-to-date basis, that equates to incentive comp being up 130 basis points. Our incentive comp is up through June 30 because our field folks are further along in achieving their objectives and therefore, they are more likely to reach their bonus targets than they were at this time, last year. In fact, last year, many didn't look like they would hit their bogeys until we were well into the fourth quarter. In other words, there's an element of timing here. So if you levelized for this timing, we would have posted margin expansion for the quarter and year-to-date of well over 200 basis points. Relative to organic growth in the 5-plus percent range, we think that expansion is tremendous work by the team. Let's move to the top of Page 4 to the risk management organic table. Gallagher Bassett had another terrific quarter, up organically over 10%. Even without our new Australian client, to be up over 7% organically shows nice continued improvement in that business, even in an economy that isn't seeing much employment growth. Also on Page 4, our Risk Management segment continues to improve its compensation and operating ratios, resulting in EBITDAC margins 30 basis points above our full year target of 16%. Looking towards the third and the fourth quarters, we might ramp up some of our investments in product and service enhancements, which have caused us to give a little of that back, so don't model more than 15.8% of margin in those quarters. All right, let's turn to Page 5 to the shortcut table for our Corporate segment. Our clean energy investments also had a good quarter. And accordingly, the Corporate segment posted $0.10 of earnings, which was towards the upper end of the range we provided last quarter. But please note that $0.01 or so of that is timing pulled in to the second quarter from the third quarter. Looking forward, we've again provided a range of estimates for the third and fourth quarter on Page 14 of the investor supplement that we post on our website. When compared to our last supplement, not much change related to the third quarter after you consider the timing I just discussed. But if we look further out to the fourth quarter, we are getting revised production estimates from our utility partners, which are lower than we provided before. We are told these reductions are mostly due to possible routine maintenance outages. Like we've seen before, we are subject to a utilities change in production estimates that can cause a swing in our earnings estimates. For example, even a few weeks of difference in forecast and production can swing our results by a couple of pennies either way. That said, stepping back, we are really pleased that we're still on track to more than double our clean energy earnings here in 2013. The team is making great progress rolling out and ramping up our remaining plants. This bodes well for even better results in 2014. All right, those were my comments. It's great to have a strong quarter on all fronts. Back to you, Pat.
Douglas K. Howell: We're not seeing much in the way of exposure growth. But when we did our polling here for the July 1 renewals, our customers are saying that more of them than not are saying their business has started -- is growing. And very few of them said that there's much contraction in the business, not necessarily in the unemployment front but just in general, they're starting to grow. We don't see it yet in our numbers but exposure units look like they're not decreasing at this point.
Douglas K. Howell: No. And by the way, the targets we're talking about, it's not just for the production folks, it's for the field management folks also, which -- so when you said that it was for producers, it's for all of the field, which would include the management layer also.
Douglas K. Howell: No. Let's go back. I think that this year, if you go back to my commentary in the past, it's generally, we feel that anything below 3% organic growth, it's difficult to expand margin. When you get above 3%, you can start taking some of that to the bottom line. This year, because of the actions that we took at the end of last year, more of that is hitting the bottom line than would be normal going forward. So I think that if you model organic growth greater than 3% out in 2014 and beyond, there would be some margin expansion to that. But clearly, not 250 basis points of that.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, listen, I can tell you. It's with mixed emotion, if you asked me how I feel about it. I think that I'm ecstatic that -- and extremely happy that we're going to double what we did last year. Am I a little disappointed that the estimates, the guesses of the future that are highly dependent on what's going on in the utility, especially putting in an experimental new technology. Sure, I would love to have the precision of forecasting that we have in other areas in our business. On the other hand, during this rollup and ramp-out -- rollout and ramp-up period of all these plants, because we don't have all of them and running at ultimate levels yet, I don't have some of the shock absorbers that I'll have in the future when we have 29 plants that we own less than 50% of. So any one change in one plant shouldn't alter our estimates significantly. So during this ramp-up period, I can understand why it's a little frustrating for you trying to take a guess on what we're going to make in the future. I think you should look back to say, gee, they're well ahead of where they were last year There's more plants that could come online. And eventually, when we get to a portfolio of 29 of them, the volatility on that should go away or at least be substantially less. So I have mixed emotions about it. I'm ecstatic that we're nearly on track to double. But giving some guidance, I'd love to be able to pick it to within $0.01 every time, but I don't think that's going to be possible.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, but I think that's right. I think, but I think when you look out for 2014, I think that the progress we're making should be better than what we're doing here in '13.
Douglas K. Howell: So that's -- on a quarterly basis, I have -- your assessment is right. It's a little bit difficult. But if you just step back and look at it, we'll get the rest of our plants in and we get to the -- get the operational tweaking done, we should have a much better '14 than we do '13 even.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, in terms of stock price, generally, the stock price isn't an indicator of whether we use stock in an acquisition. It usually is -- in fact, it is always the outcome of how much free cash do we have, how much borrowing capacity, and then we use the rest with stock. Generally, the way you should think about it is that our free cash is first used to pay the dividends, second, in order to buy brokers and risk managers, then we'll -- then we try to run somewhere around 2x EBITDA in debt. So we'd borrow up to that and the rest we'd use in stock in the deals. There are exceptions to that. If a seller wants to do a tax reexchange, there are requirements of how much of stock that you have to give in order for them to protect their tax-free reorg status. So if they want stock, we'll give them stock. And then there are some sellers that really, really have a strong desire just to hold our stock. And of course, we'd be happy to have them be in the same boat with us when we're rowing together. So the answer to your question is that we have $115 million to $125 million of free cash sitting in our balance sheet right now. We -- the first and second quarters are our smallest cash flow quarters. We generate substantially more cash. In fact, I think we generate about 75% to 80% of our cash in the last 2 quarters. So we'll have strong cash flows coming to the second half and we still have some borrowing capacity to keep us at less than 2x EBITDA and the rest we'd use in stock.
Douglas K. Howell: Listen, I think that if you go back and if you look at the history for Risk Management, the team has just done a remarkable job with targeting investments that are delivering value to customers. If you go back last year at this time, they launched into the analytic workbench toolbox that our clients are raving about, the prospects are looking at as being best in class. And they did these projects. These are $1 million to $2 million type projects where they go in and they reshape the product and service offering they do for their customers. They have a list of those things that they would like to do and when they start hitting it at the beginning of the year when we sit down and we say, "Listen, 16 points of margin is where you need to be for the year. Let's see how we do in the first couple of quarters." And now they're at the period, at the point of saying, we'd like to launch these continuous -- these other improvement projects. And so if they can do it without margins dropping below 15.8%, they should be able to bring the year in at 16%. So that's the way we sit down and do it. It's a continuous cycle and looking for opportunities to invest in, but also making sure that we hit our target margin expectations.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. I think the margin expansion, you'd have, let's say a 5% organic growth, then you would have a point of natural expansion just because of a larger -- more organic growth. When you look at where we're seeing savings opportunities right now, obviously, as we get more productive, we've shifted more work to our offshore centers of excellence. So that's helped us control our headcount here in the U.S. and in the U.K. When it comes to operational savings in the op expense line, we're seeing some savings from rent. That's probably being offset a little more by the travel costs that are going up. Airlines and hotels are going up. We do have some nice projects that we're working on now that will make us more productive in what we call the middle office and the back office layer. But we're really not seeing the results of that yet and we wouldn't see that until 2014 or 2015. But those are efforts that would help us control inflation in our other operating expense line. They're not going to be projects that drop a ton of money to the bottom line but they could help us with the control on inflation. We're not seeing wage pressures right now except for maybe in some of the IT areas where that -- there's more demand for certain resources there, so we are seeing some comp pressure there. But that's not a huge part of our payroll. So that's the flavor of where we're seeing margin expansion coming from.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, actually we had 6.5% growth in our international operations on the Brokerage side. Our U.K. operations is, in our view, is performing at a level of expectation and -- or higher than expectation, which is a high expectation.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, and Australia is doing well, too. But the transformative Heath acquisition that we did over there has provided us some energy in the U.K. It has provided new opportunities for us. And our organic growth is 6.5%. So we're not seeing sluggish operations coming out of the U.K. We don't have a lot of exposure to mainland Europe, so we see tremendous results coming from those folks right now.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, Alison, I think that if you were to look at Page 5 of the earnings release, over there, we try to provide the ultimate after-tax earnings estimates for the plants that we currently have up and running or on the drawing board. And if you add that up, the number gets somewhere around $100 million of after-tax annual profits. We did $33 million last year, we're on target to $67 million to $71 million this year. So if -- now granted, those plans won't all run at ultimate levels, that's what the footnote says there, but that gives you a size indicator of how much Gallagher could earn off of those plants. There are other plants that we haven't put in place yet, there's another 6 of them. And I couldn't tell you whether those are going to go into big locations or small locations at this point, that's why we put not estimable on there. But that's probably a good guide post. Will we be at that level starting 1/1/14? I don't know. We'll see. We have a little bit of low that happens generally in the summers as utilities are producing a substantial amount of electricity, they're not so willing to put in new technologies during the summer. And we saw this last year and then we had a nice uptick of activity in September and October. So hopefully by October, I'll be able to start giving you some more feel for next year. But as of now, I would guess that we're going to be better than the $67 million to $70 million that we did this year.
J. Patrick Gallagher: This is Pat. We just had a very solid new business retention and retention first half of the year. The team just did very, very well.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, Arash, we'll write about 12% to 13% new business depending on the unit against trailing revenues. And we typically then will lose somewhere between 4% and 6%, depending again on the unit. As long as rate is neutral to up slightly, we will show solid organic growth as long as we continue to have that kind of new business growth. And we're a new business machine. I mean, all of us are involved in production every single day, that's what we do. So we're involved in helping clients solve problems, we're involved in bringing new clients on, and as long as I said, that the rate environment stays beneficial to us, we should continue to post solid organic growth.
J. Patrick Gallagher: There's a number of things that could impact that, Arash. And yes, I think you could. If we start to get some really solid economic growth that then comes through in exposure units both in audits for our clients as well as having to increase their exposure units going forward on renewals. Our team will work very hard to mitigate any increase in cost to our clients, that's what we do. That's why although we are in a rate environment that's up 4% or 5%, you see less than 1% impact in our numbers. And by the way, that less that 1% includes exposure units. So its exposures and rate are producing less than 1% of our organic. But if that starts to move nicely, yes, I think you'd see organic expand as well.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think the world is afraid to hire people, Greg. I just think that our customers out there are -- they're very cautious. The 2008, 2009 downturn was incredibly painful. And we had clients in the construction world that were doing $100 million, $200 million of construction a year and that dropped to $25 million and $50 million. Their company survived. But I think that is -- I also think the Affordable Health Care Act is going to keep employers doing every -- you're not going to have 51 employees. That's not going to happen. You'll stop at 48. And so I think there's a ton of that going on as well. I think people are -- the idea that this Affordable Health Care Act is somehow going to save us all money. Well, I'm looking at my budget for next year and I can tell you, we're not going to save any money. It's going to be frightfully expensive. And so I just think there's a lot of it going on. People have long memories, they're not going to add folks.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I'd say yes. And, Greg, actually, maybe up [indiscernible]. I mean, we've said in the past, we've seen clients maybe up 1%, 1.5%, 2%. But yes, I'd say it's relatively flattish over the last couple of years.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, let me be clear. If we could have a property/casualty rate environment that is flat to up 3% or 4% for the rest of my career, I'd sign up for that right now. I mean, that is a -- this is a great environment for Gallagher. We've got tremendous depth of capabilities. Those capabilities we are very good at teaming on accounts and bringing the best resources to the point-of-sale. And we're not competing with just the larger competitors every day, day in and day out, we're competing across an entire spectrum of competitors. And we are going to win more than they are when we compete with them head to head.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Remember, Mike, this is Pat. There's not the same leverage in the claims businesses as there is in the Brokerage business. When they get revenue, they get claims. And they better have the people on board, on deck to handle those claims when they start coming in. And there's a lag in time, but it's not a great deal of time. You got to get the bodies onboard, trained and ready to go. And as you saw in some of our previous quarters, we had a substantial ramp-up in South Australia. So 16 points of margin has been a consistent direction that we've given to the street for literally a decade. And that's our target margin.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I think you're hitting on something that we see as a huge opportunity. Both from new capital, places like Bermuda coming on to shore and needing outsourcing help, as well as from standard mainline carriers that may want to open in different states, that may want to open with different lines. And they are outsourcing that work to Gallagher Bassett. And when you start to take a look at the size of Gallagher Bassett versus some of our -- the insurance companies we trade with, we are actually paying in some instances, thousands and thousands more claims than they are. So we've invested in that -- and that's we've invested in systems, in people and expertise that is probably better outsourced by many insurance companies than it is being handled in-house.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, we're going to be very active in that region. If you -- as you recall, one of the reasons we were excited about the Heath transaction, which did take us a good 18 months to integrate. There was an awful lot of work there. The team did great, great, great work. But part of that reason for doing that was to give us good retail presence in the U.K. that we can now go bolt on other acquisitions. And we did, we did 4 acquisitions last year and bolted those in. Those were mostly affinity acquisitions. But we bolted them into the Heath platform and they are going extremely well for us.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I'd say right now, Bob, where we are probably weak in the U.K. is -- what we would do in the United States is as a standard, commercial middle-market business, that the local contractor, the local auto dealer, the grocery firm, that type of thing. We're very good in the London wholesale specialty business, that's grown extremely nicely for us. We're very, very good in energy and natural resources, that's a global play. We're very good at affinity in the U.K. and MGA and MGU business. But we're probably a little light when it comes to just your standard middle-market fare.
J. Patrick Gallagher: If you take a look -- the property market, Adam, is squishy. The cat-exposed stuff in Florida is flat to down. Oklahoma and that region is in a full-on hard market. Regular middle-market commercial property is probably flattish to up a bit.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No. I'd say, Adam, over the last decade, that switched almost 100% to consulting. While we get paid on commission because clients are comfortable with that, we've been completely transparent in that business since ERISA and it's a consulting play.
J. Patrick Gallagher: We don't have any traction at this point. And we've seen there's interest but we don't really have any orders to speak of at this point. We got a good partner in Liazon, and we think we've got a good product offering. It is going to be an important part of the product offering. We will not have one exchange. We'll trade with a lot of exchanges across the country whether they're run by the state or whether they're private. And it will be part of the mix. But at this point in time, it hasn't really -- it hasn't grabbed a lot of traction.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you very much. Thanks, everyone, for being with us this morning. We appreciate it. We're very pleased with the 2 great quarters that we've had this year. The team is very turned on. We're helping our clients. We're selling a lot of new business and we think we're on track for a very strong finish to 2013. So thank you for being with us this morning. We appreciate it. Thank you, Brenda.
