J. Patrick Gallagher: Mike, yes, sure. Thanks for the question. First of all, you hit it right on exactly my line. This is not a hard market, It's getting firmer, there is no question about it, that when you get into some higher end property stuff on catastrophe exposed or places where there'd been losses, our people are working very hard to place those. Some of this stuff is getting done at the last minute, it takes more effort more submissions to more E&S markets to get it completed. We're seeing casualty take a little more effort and costs more money as well. But this is not 2001, 2002 by any means. There is still plenty of capacity, deals are getting done. And remember, our job is to mitigate this for our clients. So number one, we're training our people across the globe, get out in front of this and explain to your clients that in fact in many instances we can show you that your rates are lower today than they were in 2005. So you've had a very good run, this is not a knee jerk. People – the rates that are being requested in many instances make a lot of sense, but it's certainly not a message that anybody wants to hear. Now, let me compare that with what a hard market is. And again, you've got to go back to 2001, 2002. And that's when the door slam shut, you got people getting cancelled left and right, cancellation notices are going out every month, you're out trying to explain to your clients why they've been lost free and yet the x, y, z insurance company is not going to renew them. And they better get ready for the consequences of significant deductible increases and possibly the reduction of limits on a drastic basis. Frankly, that's not good for anybody. Now I've been through three or four of those in my career and it's a little bit like going home and finding out the electric company just decided to change the current, none of your appliances work. And so that's not good for anybody and I don't see that happening. I do see disciplined need for rate and that is being explained by our professionals and were necessary. We’re doing everything we can to help them find cover at a cheaper price.
J. Patrick Gallagher: All right, so I think some of its Q4 deals that came in, call it half of that different than we closed Q4 deal. And then also I think the JLT, the aerospace business, we've got a better line of sight on what we think is rolling in from that.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well from numerically contingent commissions, you could have a little flatten in the growth of contingent commissions. If you think about us, we've got hundreds and hundreds of contingent commission contracts out there all around the world that sell a business that's loss ratio sensitive, let's call it $50 million of annualized earnings. If it flattens out, you'd probably get paid back for that in the base commission and fee line as you get some rate left and some exposure left. So overall all in Organic shouldn't suffer too terribly much based on what we're seeing in the loss ratio environment right now.
J. Patrick Gallagher: It should be, because a big part of what we're trying to improve in the marketplace and realize we're getting to a size now as the risk management claims provider that many of our own trading partners don't handle the number of claims Gallagher Bassett does. So we're trying to point to the fact to carriers, to captives and to risk management clients, if they select Gallagher Bassett, their results will actually be better.  We will have a better claim outcome than they're used to in the general market. And we do believe we can stand up to that. So, yes, I mean, as people start to feel the squeeze and as the settlement costs go up, more of a reason to listen to our story.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Really, really good. Our people are on the street. And this is not a survey of a bunch of economists that are sitting in Washington, D C. These are people sitting across from customers right now planning for 2020 and they're not going to be pie-in-the-sky because the fact is when you tell us your payrolls and your other exposure units sales are going up, you're going to have a higher deposit on your insurance premium. So that’s a natural tendency to lowball. And if you lowball you’ll get a free loan from the insurance company. So no, no, no, these guys really have their ear to the ground.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Great. Then let me just make one quick comment to wrap it up. Thank you again for being with us this afternoon. I'm extremely proud of what the team has accomplished so far this year and I believe we're poised to deliver a strong finish to the year. So thanks everybody for being with us today. We appreciate it.
Doug Howell: Yes. Mike, it’s Doug. Yes, I think that if you got over 6% for a continued period of time, you would see – you could see some more margin expansion than 50 basis points.
Doug Howell: I don't know if it makes a dramatic difference or not. I think, remember, people join Gallagher because they see our capabilities, our resources, they know that being together with us that will be a better opportunity to deliver value to their customers. The folks that might want a IPO or go to a financial sponsor that's really not what they're trying to do with their business. The ones that we're trying to attract and we get 40, 50, 60 of those folks a year that want to come in and be better to Gallagher. So it could happen, but I don't see it pulling a lot of folks away from us.
Doug Howell: I think that we did have a good September, we're talking about a few million bucks here. So, but if you really look at places that were particularly strong, our UK and London operations are really killing it right now, they're doing great, just saw a good growth in Canada. Now, if you go through where Pat talked about, where we're seeing some left there. But I think that September is a big month for us as December. So – and we did have a difficult compare and I was pretty proud of the team to grow over the top of that.
Doug Howell: Yes, I think that's how we're seeing 2020. Surprised in the 5%, remember that also during this time, as losses go up, you could have some programs that need to reprice. You could have some carrier decide that they're going to pull back on some stuff. So it's the repricing piece that's always hard for us to take a look at this far in advance.
Doug Howell: Well, it's a long ways away, there's still – the utilities are still doing their budgets, we pulled them here during the last month to see if we can get an early luck. So we typically don't provide this to January, so I'd expect to narrow that range. But also when you look at the utilization of coal for electric power sector production, 2018 has been declining about 3% a quarter, maybe 4% a quarter. We had a big drop off in April and through June of this year in the second quarter, I’m just looking at some of the statistics you can find out on the EIA. And they were down 18%, that’s weather related more than displacement. But if you really think about it, the line to look at is the $50 million to $60 million where the production related to those plants that were making us $56 million to $58 million this year, that maybe a 4% to 5% pullback in the numbers, maybe a little bit more. But between $80 million and $100 million, we're still really darn happy with us when we set out 10 or 11 years ago to do this investment strategy, the idea was making, call the midpoint of the rate $90 million in the ninth year, that's, I don't think we would have dreamt about. So we're pretty proud of that effort.
Doug Howell: I think the biggest answer is that the team did a really nice job, we provided kind of put the clamps on hiring and when you're hiring 350 people a month, you can kind of control your competition a little bit by just putting the brakes on a little bit. Coming into the end of the year we didn't want to get too aggressive on our hiring, that's probably delivering most of it in the quarter, which is a little different than typically we don't do that in the fourth quarter. So I think the team just got ahead of it a little bit.
Doug Howell: Yes. We're always out there looking for producers. We're always doing that. I think that you're really seeing some of the economies of scale coming through. We did do a rift, if you recall some of that, – I wouldn't call 300 people a rift and 34,000, but we did a tightening of the belt in June and July. So that's part of it.  But also we're just getting good results by utilization of our off-shore centers of excellence. We're getting good results with our technology lifts, it's just you get these economies of scale as you get in as the business grows.
Doug Howell: Here's two things that we'll look at. We'll look really hard. The team's having a terrific year. So we'll look at how the bonus expense looks in the fourth quarter. I think that, we still feel comfortable if we're posting over 5%, we'll get 50 basis points of margin expansion.
Doug Howell: Of course, there's no doubt. We're seeing – first of all, we are seeing tort inflation in this path. We're seeing tort inflation across our book of business, in particular areas like transportation, sexual misconduct and D&O places like that. Our liability book and severity, in the liability book at Gallagher Bassett, it's both up in terms of numbers of claims as well as the settlement amounts that are being paid to close. It’s clearly important for inflation.
Doug Howell: Half would free cash, half would be borrowing. And what's our cost of borrowing, 4%, 4.25% or something like that. 
