J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks, Doug. I want to touch a little more on what I said was the fourth kind of pillar in our strategy and that is our culture before you go to question and answers. Our culture is alive and well. Over the last two months, I had spent time with most of, all of our top producers in field management. I can tell you that our team is fired up. We are selling a lot of new business, we’re holding on to our clients, there is a balance in our step and as I said the culture is strong, the team is very much together. Also during the quarter, something I mean incredibly proud of, Gallagher was named as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies for 2012 by the Ethisphere Institute. Ethical corporate behavior is a significant topic in today’s business environment and has been a cornerstone here at Gallagher of our behavior for over 85 years. The whole team is excited to be recognized by the Institute as one of the World’s Most Ethical Companies and this is another indicator of the fact that the culture is strong and one that we are so proud of. With that Rob, let’s open it up for questions and answers.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: There is a couple of things going on there that I am pleased with. I would not say that more companies are necessarily putting their work up for bid. I do think that more Risk Management size companies are looking at outsourcing claims work, where it typically in many instances is bundled with the insurance product. More and more companies and deeper into the Risk Management space are recognizing that they can bifurcate the purchases from insurance and claim service. There is another thing that’s happening, which I am extremely pleased with, and I think it’s going to be a huge move over the next decade or so. And that is insurance company’s risk takers outsourcing their claims work to a third party. If you look at some of the capital that’s coming on shore from Bermuda, they are not going to build big infrastructure in the United States, they’d rather outsource that work to somebody that can do it firm professionally.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah, that’s a big change from the recession. Claim counts of Gallagher basically up about 4.5% including new business. On existing clients, claim costs are up about 2% and that’s really a proxy for the economy.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes, there are about three points better than the retail PNC market.Adam Klauber – William Blair & Company.: Great, thanks a lot.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, as you know, the wholesale business is our most sensitive business to the cycle, right? Margins are compacted as business moves back to the standard markets margins will expand as business moves out of the standard markets depending on how hard the market gets that business, we’ll see significant margin expansion. The present market is up, let’s call it 2% to 3%, flat to 2%. And with that, you’re not going to see huge expansion, but as I said, we’re highest single-digits organic growth in our wholesale business. And so margins have improved a bit, that business is not running as higher margins, our retail PC operation, or as our retail benefits operation in the United States. If we start to see firming, Brian, that looks 15% to 20%, that margin will probably expand by a number of points, but let’s remember, that’s a business that is about $200 million out of our $2 billion.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah, we’re working back Dan to what we originally talked about when we did the deal, that memory serves me around 14 to 15 points of margins of what we bought and we thought that to move into 20 points of margin we need 4 million to 5 million pounds more of profitability. And we said, we probably get pick up about half of that from career relations and half of that from those consolidated expense initiatives. We still have a great line of sight to that, we do believe that business can move up into low 20s. Frankly, by the time you pushed together all of our U.K. operations whether it’s Heath or whether what we had before, I think the team over there has a tremendous line of sight to margin improvement in the U.K., so at this point we’re still excited about the prospect of us getting our original targets on that.Dan Farrell – Sterne, Agee & Leach: Great, thank you, very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah, sure I’m glad to counted on it John. What’s interesting is that about three quarters ago for the first time incumbent carriers would ask for an increase, our production staff would say sorry, I mean, I have to shot this and the incumbent would receive the order. And that had not happened for four years prior to that, I mean, it’s basically if you took something out of market, I’m talking about a good risk, now that’s something that’s Cat- exposed, had bad loss whatever that account would move. And we’re seeing more of that, it’s not so that there is no cavalier attitude among our production staff anymore just as look, I’ll take it out and move it and that’s it’s how it’s going to be. About a year, year and half ago, we would typically get out in front of a renewal by telling the carrier, if they give us 5% to 7% off, we thought we could lock that renewal up five to six months early and just get a renewal order. That’s just not happening right now. Curious just to say no, I am not going to give you the five of two to make sure that I get my renewal next August. They are saying, I’m looking at this, in particular in workers compensation. They’ve got to get right. Now if you look at the investment environment John if the carriers right to a 100% combined. They are not going to make any money, they have to be in the low 90s to generate any kind of ROE and they are not there and they know it. I think the difference between this cycle and the three other cycles in my carrier is that it’s the first time in my carrier that insurance companies CEO’s are saying what they are saying and that’s exactly what we are seeing on the street. That’s hasn’t happened before, typically the CEO’s would be a little bit disconnected from what’s actually happening at the underwriting desk. It is, they are spot on right now, which tells me that they have good information systems. They know are they making money? They know are they losing money? And they are going to push for return on equity and we are seeing that in the environment. This is not 25% rate increases. It’s not across the board every account, every time, but the decreases are pretty much history and where it needs to occurs especially in comp and property, there are significant increases.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: What I would say is this, the market is firming. It is not, a classic hard market in my experience, been had that for 38 years is one day you wake up and rates are up 50%, then they are up 75%, then you can’t buy the insurance, right.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: So you take something that was placed a 100% carrier and the next thing you know, you’ve got 10 carriers on it, retentions or deductibles are up 150%, prices are up 300% and guess what your clients are begging you to get more coverage for them, that’s not happening right now.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Which couldn’t be frankly a better environment for us, if I could get, if you go to our investor slides at our website, you take a look at our typical new business, loss business and what happens to our company, if we get a 2% rate hike and the economy expands 2% and we continue to do what we typically do with new business, loss business. We’ll drive organic growth up 9%. If this environment stays like this, for the next few years, it’s going to be a very positive result for the company.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I do not want anybody on this call to underestimate the amount of work that’s going in and making this thing successful. I mean starting off with the fact that the deal close, the transaction closed at midnight on a Thursday, Friday morning there were papers and brochures on every employees desk, welcoming them to Gallagher. The first move was to get those people excited about the fact that they joined a company that’s in this business to stay, with brokers run by brokers, we know what we’re doing, we’re trying to sell insurance and we wanted them to be excited about that deal. We’ve probably moved 500 desks in the city of London where people have had joined new teams, transferred across the street, come back together and meet and get to know new colleagues. It has been a gargantuan effort that our team has done an extremely good job. And what that’s doing is putting bouts in the Heath people step, so look, we know are with a company that knows how to do this and it’s attracting a tremendous amount of attention in the marketplace from people who might like to join a different culture.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: In this sector and these are not our numbers; we believe there is about 18,000 agents and brokers in America right. If you look at Business Insurance’s July issue to be a top 100 agent or broker in America you do about $20 million in total revenue. So you can imagine just the diversity and the fragmentation of our industry in the United States.  Probably 90% of the owners of those firms are baby boomers. They are my age, I’m 60. It’s their biggest asset it’s worth more than their home, they’re getting close to needing to do something and there are very few buyers in the market, so the opportunity for M&A over the next 25 years is absolutely astronomical. And if you look at the entire insurance Brokerage market, so you start with homeowners all the way to the Fortune 100. If you add Marsh and Willis, Gallagher and then the largest private firms together we have no market share. Is that an opportunity?Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Right. Following sellers and buyers out there, so that helps you guys and everybody else so.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: The most important thing though and this is key Scott, as you got to bring the people on board and keep them. This is a people business, they bring their relationship for their clients and we order that.Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thanks everybody for being with us again. We really do appreciate it. I think as you can probably tell from Doug’s comments and my comments, we feel very good about the start of the year. We look forward to continuing to build on our success throughout 2012. And right now frankly it’s good to be us. Thanks for being with us.
Douglas K. Howell: I think there is a combination of four, five things in there. First and foremost, our first quarter is our smallest quarter. Second of all, we spoke about how the benefits quarter had such as a great quarter last first year, first quarter, our last year first quarter. So just year-over year, the math produces a little bit of a lower total, just the year-over-year comparisons. Second of all, we’re 270 days into the time since we’ve started reporting positive organic growth across all of our Brokerage units. So while the expectation might be that organic continues to move up sequentially, just posting two numbers around 4% a little above and maybe a little below, we think is really get to work, 270 days into the changing market.Arash Soleimani – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay, now I agree. Thank you so much for taking the question.
Douglas K. Howell: Absolutely, whenever rates move, clients want to check the market, that’s what we do for them. I would tell you that, when we’re seeing a 1% to 3% to 5% increase, and you take a look at the CIAB, which is The Council of Insurance Agents & Brokers, rate survey every quarter. Clients are buying insurance today at about 19.99 prices. So when the insurance company wants 1%, 2%, 3%, there is not as bigger push to shop, but you’ve got problems with property right now, and you’ve got problems with workers comp and that is driving shopping behavior. But interestingly enough, the market is not showing decreases. So you can have that one-off situation where it gets very competitive and yes, the price goes down and this does vary by line. Our marine business is still very soft, but buying large when the careers are asking for 1% to 5% increases, they are getting it.Ray Iardella – Macquarie Research Equities: Great, thanks. I will re-queue for my other questions.
Douglas K. Howell: Also, when it comes to cost, the four part of my statement here, we’re going to run about $0.02 to $0.03 of integration in cost for the next four or five quarters. But that’s as expected, as planned, it’s a measured approach. What we’re finding is, as we bring these two organizations together that moving from private equity ownership into a broker owning this business, it’s really nice to see that, we can spend a little bit of money that will save us some money, but it’ll also bring some greater resources to bear for the folks that are coming over to us from Heath. And we think the combined team will do a tremendous job in that marketplace. So as expected, we’re thinking $0.02 to $0.03 a quarter for the next four or five quarters. And then we should, a year from now we should be done with that.
Douglas K. Howell: When it comes to retention across our entire Brokerage unit internationally, we’re somewhere around 94% retention. And the new business was somewhere around 10% to 11%.
Douglas K. Howell: We typically look at it as a relationship with EBITDA and we’d like to be south of 2 times EBITDA on that. We’re well below that now and we like that position. We think that debt, we may pull down some this year a little bit given this rate environment, but nothing significant at this point and second of all, with the cash flows that could be generated by our clean energy investments we don’t think we’ll need to be at debt market at this point over the next couple of years.Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, by comment specific to you. It was specific to the sector, not questioning your ability to … 
