Doug Howell: Thanks Pat and good morning, everyone. Like you said, it's nice to put first quarter under our belt. I'll make some comments on margins, corporate and clean energy, cash and capital management and the highlight a couple things in our investor supplement and CFO commentary documents that we post on our IR website. Okay, first to margins. Brokerage was up 79 basis points and risk management was up 103 basis points, really excellent work by the team. Within the brokerage segment, adjusted margin expansion was about equal between our domestic and international operations. Domestic was up 75 basis points, international was up 90 basis points. Recall, our domestic units are running annualized margins in the high 20%s, so to expand here in the first quarter shows excellent discipline. Internationally, our Canadian, New Zealand and London and Bermuda specialty units are also posting margins nicely in the 20%s, yet we do have some opportunity to further improve margins in our Australia and UK retail units over the next 18 to 24 months. In terms of integration, the UK team is doing excellent work and we remain on track to be nearly finished with integration by the end of this year. Integration costs for the first quarter were right on our forecast and we still expect 2016 integration charges to be about half the 2015 level. As for risk management segment, we exceeded our 17% margin target during the quarter and we still think 17% is a good margin to expect for the next three quarters.  Moving to the corporate segment, we landed a bit above the high end of the range we provided during our last earnings release, mostly due to clean energy. Most of that was timing. When you look at page 4 of the CFO commentary document, you'll see the timing between the quarters, yet our full year is effectively unchanged from what we previously provided. For the year, we're still estimating between $109 million and $124 million of net earnings from our clean energy investments. Okay, to cash -- let's move to cash and capital management. Our first quarter is seasonally our smallest cash-generation quarter. Yet at the end of the first quarter, we had about $250 million of free cash on our balance sheet. We're working on freeing up about half of it as part of our integration efforts in the UK and the other half is in Australia, New Zealand and Canada that we'll use were M&A, merger and acquisition opportunities, in those geographies.  We also announced a few weeks ago that we renewed and up-sized our line of credit facility to $800 million and we anticipate closing a $275 million debt private placement in early June. Our debt-to-EBITDAC ratio on March 31 was about 2.6 times on a covenant basis and we're targeting a similar level at the end of 2016. We believe free cash -- we believe between free cash and debt, we can fund our M&A program in 2016, similar to the levels we completed in 2015, with no net shares used. To clarify, when I say no net shares used, there will be tax-free re-org mergers that require us to use stock, but we intend to offset that through buy-backs, just like we did in the first quarter. All right, a couple items on housekeeping. First, please don't forget that our first quarter is seasonally our smallest in the brokerage segment. Please use the document on our web IR website called Supplemental Quarterly Financial Information. We give you five years of both reported and adjusted results on a quarterly basis. From that historical information, you can easily see our seasonality. Second, we also provide a CFO commentary document on our website that has a lot of forward-looking information that should help you build your models. You'll see that items for the first quarter are in line with the forecast we gave you during our last earnings call. Some sound bites looking forward that you'll see on that document, FX headwinds are mostly behind us, integration is tapering off and this is also now where we're providing all the guidance related to our clean energy investments that used to be in our earnings release. A terrific quarter on all measures and in the end we're really well positioned for the remainder of the year. Back to you, Pat.
Doug Howell: Yes I think the best thing to do on that as we call contingents are significantly skewed towards the first quarter and encourage you to use the supplement that we have on the website that shows you the trends and supplemental contingents in the next three quarters and when you building your models I do some site takes off of that but you can extrapolate just off the first quarter you have to look at the seasonality that comes with those. But overall the carriers are recognizing the value that we provide in the process and so I think that we've got an upward trend in those that might outpace the trend in our base commissions in fees.
Doug Howell: Yes always the question this is about just down there some of the couple weeks down Austria folks in if you recall we picked up that organization from the Wesfarmers folks which is an industrial conglomerate this has been really terrific opportunity for us there was they are starting the is the Gallagher playbook are starting to focus on sales the way we do in our sales meetings and I see them as really turn the quarter that they were fighting three things first lack of a sales culture that were really changing Australia right in terms of the economic conditions down there obviously Australia suffered a little bit from lack of exports in China and then also there was a rate toward the right kind going on there so the kind of had three headwinds I believe all three of those are turning I believe there's stability in the marketplace on the rating side I think economic this growth is starting to come back and Australia I think the sales force is alive and well we launched a couple of new products down there, that are really good in the small business space so the trend in that we're seeing negative organic growth last year each quarter and this quarter we're pushing more towards the positive territory so a really good work by the team down there.
Doug Howell: I don’t know if I can say it's a run rate or not, on obviously if you don’t have 3% organic growth we’ve said it's pretty hard to expand margins. One of the things about it in the first quarter is that contingents have a large impact on that. But in our margin expansion in the first quarter again relative to last quarter last year same quarter if you look at the margin expansion without contingents you get about half of that expansion that feels more logical to me than a full 80 basis points.
Doug Howell: Yes I think it's nice affirmation of what we saw too that there is good opportunity in the retail space in the UK and I think there is lots of opportunity there, there is still some private equity owned firms there, they are going have to do something as time comes up and I think people will realizing better to be with a strategic with an independent or private equity owned so we're seeing terrific opportunities there
Doug Howell: I think also to add to that, the second quarter is our highest property quarter for us. As you look at your models I don't know if I would necessarily assume that it will be the same over the next three quarters you might want to caution yourself a little bit on the second quarter because the property rates but also I think just since the November and December this is a stable environment and I think our clients are having the opportunity to build -- see the value that we bring. In a stable environment we outshine a lot of our other small competitors in particular so that when Pat is talking about our hit ratio being better that's what we're seeing there.
Doug Howell: Yes to answer your question backward, yes, when mid-single digits we believe there's an opportunity to still that our 17% margin target in each of the next three quarters in terms of which is expansion over last year. In terms of what's happening on the organic side if you go back to look at our supplemented over time there have been some periods where Gallagher Bassett has growth has been in the higher 5% or 6% range and jumps up to the 10% or 12% and the reason why is that as we look at some larger accounts they typical will incept on January 1 or on July 1 and there are sometimes where they -- we get them in the pipeline in 2015 hoping that the incept on January 1 but switching over to us can take some time. So we see more new business incepting in July 1 this year than let's say maybe in the past where it incepted on January 1. So it's a step a little bit of a step function type business some of these are pretty large accounts we're seeing we had 6% growth in the U.S. Australia is largely flat at this point but again there's a big programs that are coming up for proposal over the next couple of years down there.
Doug Howell: I think what you're looking at is a headcount on the brokerage side dropped about 45 heads between since the end since the last period yet we still had acquisitions that might have added a 100 or 150 so we're probably net backwards 200, its largely as a result of our integration efforts, our productivity initiatives, most of that we didn't have big layouts most of that is just through natural exits that happen in the business but it just shows that we're getting more productive every day.
Doug Howell: Yes let me tell you there are three answers in that question first when it comes to the bankruptcies most of those when the coal mines go bankrupt it's usually a holding company bankruptcy but the mines are still operating because they have contracts with have to continue to deliver coal on and a lot of these utilities have had required to take contracts, so the call is still moving even though the holding company might be bankrupt, I think there has been five of them in the last year or so, as they restructure and make themselves more efficient. Second of all the power plants as you recall when we put our clean energy plants and the power plant we put them earlier in the dispatch curve so when we do our plants these are plants that are more likely to run unless they are less efficient plants that only get dispatch during the high peak loads. We're at the mercy of the weather, we did have a little bit of a warmer winter that did impact us a little bit but we still see that we're on track. This program runs through 2021 so long-term displacement of coal to other fuels it takes a long time to displace implants and this program goes justly for another five years. And truthfully the amount of displacement that’s happened over the last eight years probably is not likely to repeat because they just placed to natural gas and the plants that they couldn't and they really can't move these plans to natural gas that we're offering them efficiently and effectively the next five years. So in summary I was going to say I think we're still well-positioned I still see us having 50% growth in their net earnings this year we still have other plants that we're working on putting in place that should continue to expand our earnings as you look into the future, so overall I would say it's a steady state business.
Doug Howell: We have a lot of carriers that are recognizing their claim outcomes are better with Gallagher Bassett because Gallagher Bassett and customize the claim delivery to the customer not necessarily to the way that carrier wants to end to be able to customize the delivery of the service that we provide will deliver better claim outcomes the carriers recognize that we do it for a lot of carriers and we’re really good, when we’re paying about $10 billion a year of claims primarily in the workers comp or general liability space we’re experts in that business and our outcomes are better so this is another acknowledgment by a carrier that there are some things that we might feel be able to do better than them and so I think this is a terrific opportunity for us as these carriers recognize that we can do things for them.
Doug Howell: 90% of the claim goes on the claim cost, only 10% goes out in the adjusting cost so if you can reduce the 90% by a little bit you can sure have to pay for a lot of the 10%.
Doug Howell: Yes in terms of the comp, the revenues on that was a less than $5 million so it's not a big deal now that was the network of relationships that were provided to the UK retail space that came from either Giles or Oval I can't remember exactly which one but truthfully our guys don't need a network now because they are part of Gallagher and they can trade within Gallagher, they can get the resources and the capabilities that they need and so compass really is an opportunity for smaller retail brokers and it doesn't really work inside of Gallagher so our selling that off is a no never mind to be honest.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. If you look at our first quarter performance, it really was excellent. I believe we continue to execute on our global strategy. We believe that a key component to our execution is maintaining our culture and we work hard to protect and promote it. Very proud to be recognized as one of the world's most ethical companies by the Ethosphere Institute for the fifth straight year. This is a testament to who we're as an organization and to the caliber of colleagues we have at this great Company. As we continue to grow and become more global, we're dedicated to keeping our Gallagher culture thriving and strong. Donna, we're ready for questions.
Patrick Gallagher: Well I will tell you Crystal we get up every morning and we work really hard on getting the word out that we're the best we believe in taking care of clients insurance needs and our pipeline we use salesforce.com so I have a look into our pipeline and we're very aggressive new business company and all of us every one of around this table is involved every day in helping people put new business on the books. We’re focused on niche areas that we’re very good at and I think that our new business will continue be very strong I think we have an awful lot to offer our customers and we had got a lot of people out on the street telling people they should be doing business with us.
Patrick Gallagher: We have closed four additional deal since the quarter ended so we've got 12 done for the year and the pipeline is robust. Whether or not they actually close in the second quarter third or fourth every single deal has its own life, it has it's lifespan but we've got a very solid pipeline.
Patrick Gallagher: We're really happy with our position in the UK. If you remember just three years ago we can really have the retail presence in UK at all, today we’re one of the five largest players in that market, that group has come together very well the rebranding has been done, it's all Gallagher now, you recall it was all Oval, Giles and Heath [ph] and so we're Arthur Gallagher across about 70 outlets through the UK and yes, it's a competitive marketplace just like the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand but we think we compete pretty.
Patrick Gallagher: The marketplace I think it's probably a little bit more stable and I thought it was going to be coming into the end of the year. October November last year we saw probably a little bit softer market than we're seeing today. Property is soft no question about especially on the cat side but probably a little bit more stable market and I think our closing ratios is up just a bit. We've had very solid pipeline of new business opportunities and our team is doing very well new business.
Patrick Gallagher: It's a little less than 20% wholesale is up about 2% for the quarter and yes they had headwinds on property side and you need to know that in the second quarter is their biggest property quarter.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes the way that their compensation raising, increases happen, it doesn't happen in the first quarter so you'll see that be more like 17% going forward so 17.6 on a couple of hundred million dollars of revenue might have been $1 million less than of expense than we expected initially but I feel 17% in the next three quarters is achievable
Patrick Gallagher: I think Bob, for us it's more execution than it is macro. Those are big trading partners for us. In each instance we've got deep, very meaningful relationships with each of them. Each have their own issues that they are dealing with but our trading relationship is very strong and continues to grow at all three of them. So it's really not those the driving the market I think really, we know that 90% of the time when we compete, we compete with the player who's smaller than we're, in our 32 in the United States are 32 areas of focus, our verticals are very strong. We know those businesses and we think we're probably cover than anybody in any of those and new business is very strong.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes I think what I've been impressed with over the last five years is we've had ups and downs in various lines of coverage that have gone soft or hard keeping know what those lines of coverage need. But over the last five years we’ve see more discipline on the underwriting side than I’ve in my 40 year career and I think that remains I mean, I think it has to property clients deserve a decrease. The wind hasn't blown so there should be no shock to anybody that kept properties off. When you take a look at workers compensation depending on the geography, the state what have you, when it needs to go that goes up a bit, when it needs to come down it comes down a bit, DNO [ph] same sort of thing. So what we're seeing is many cycles within the lines of coverage based on what really needs to happen to those lines and I think that's a level of discipline that the industry has enjoyed for five years that I've never seen before. So I think it's more the same of that Bob, yes those three companies have issues that they are dealing with but by and large, they are trading on the street they're doing very well.
Patrick Gallagher: I would say pricing is relatively stable, I mean look any account you can go into any of our offices and go to a sales meeting and you're going to hear a story of somebody getting a 25% decrease and someone is going to be shocked by it and what have you. But when you look at our book of business across the entire platform and you see that really rate and environment and rate exposures cost us a half a point well that's no soft market, I mean you can have an account that gets knocked down big time but by and large when you look across the entire platform it's pretty stable situation with the exception of the property business and to some degree transportation.
Patrick Gallagher: It a strong, we're good. I mean casually lines and with the exception of energy and natural resources our wholesale business is very strong as is our MGA business.
Patrick Gallagher: First question yes it was because we had a stronger first quarter that caused us to recognize a little bit more when you have more organic growth you have more earnings and therefore you recognize a little tax credits, so that’s a first one. Longer term, even though when we talk about at the end of this program to generate credits being expired in 2021 our plan is to hit the end of 2021 with a long glide path of having a balance sheet with a substantial amount of credits in it that can continue to reduce our tax rates well into the 2020s so even though the generation phase maybe over in 2021 the actual utilization of credit should go up I think right now we have about 375 million that's in our balance sheet right now, we're using about $100 million a year I'd like to have 5, or 6, 7 year balance sheet by the time we hit that point. So I think now what we have is opportunities after-the-fact? Listen we thought at the end of section 29 which was the precursor to section 45 credits that we were done and there is something else the government does in order to foster tax credits, the government really understands that better energy is a good policy and therefore they want to incense commercial enterprises to go out and develop new technologies to better the environment. So I think there could be another program at the 2021 but we got five years to work on that but in terms of the cash generation look at this as well into the 20s.
Patrick Gallagher: It's exactly the opposite of that Quentin, this is a great opportunity for Gallagher Bassett the marketplace has been an unbundled marketplace for large accounts for the last 20 years and liberty has unbundled at times as well. This is just more opportunity for GB to showcase their wares in terms of being able to convince clients that using Gallagher Bassett will lower their claim cost and we’re pleased that liberty is coming that direction
Patrick Gallagher: Yes we did that on this before Charles but I'll be glad to do it again we're very pleased with the progress we've made in the UK especially on our retail side. our specialty business is second to none there and our London broking business is really top of the game, retail you will recall is acquisition of three players that we put together over the last couple of years, it's going extremely well we had about 3% organic growth in the quarter on our retail business it's all rebranded from Giles and Oval and Heath to Gallagher, organic growth is on the uptick and we see really good things happening there.
Patrick Gallagher: Going backwards when it comes to the Willis and Miller dealer is the fact that RPS trades primarily with other than the large broker so it doesn't really have much of an impact to RPS I would say there's nothing there when it comes to the headcount I think because we're seasonally smallest in our acquisitions in the first quarter you see the decrease in headcount more so I think that when you look at going forward the price increases in headcount is our acquisitions are coming on but underlying yes we're controlling our headcount through attrition through becoming more productive and so if we didn't have the rolling of acquisitions you probably see decrease in headcount just from natural attrition and this is we're actually getting better every day.
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you very much everyone for joining us this morning. We really appreciate it. We’re excited about the results for the quarter and look forward to a strong 2016. Have a great day
Bob Glasspiegel: Was curious on Gallagher Bassett were you saying your budget a little bit on your 17% margin expectations given the first quarter
Bob Glasspiegel: Okay so you will beat 17 for the year if you do 17 for the next three quarters just for modeling purposes, just want to make sure or you'll get to 17 for the year just
Bob Glasspiegel: Just pushing out it's a little bit tighter so you're saying you're not seeing zero ID changing their underwriting behavior and willingness to cut prices to hold onto a new account? Sort of underwriting is normal for them.
