Douglas K. Howell: No. That would've been reflected already in that. So our international deals, our international operations, they do have slightly lower seasonality in the third quarter, but nothing that would impact it dramatically.
Douglas K. Howell: The U.S. organic was just a tad below 3%, international is just a touch above 3%, so not too terribly far off either way.
Douglas K. Howell: In there, there's $0.02 of a balance sheet clean-up item that we cleaned up that actually was a non-cash clean-up item that drove that number up just a little bit, but it had nothing to do with the current operations or the current activities. It just was a balance sheet receivable that didn't come in.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. Actually, it's consistent with the market when we bought the OAMPS acquisition down there. As a matter of fact, the Australian operations actually are coming in at their budget or slightly better, so the reality of it is, the market is a – it's been a known market for us there. It's nothing surprising to us. It's just the reality of the market.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. Great question. First, I don't know why anybody was surprised. I've said that – essentially, if you go back a year ago, we said that 2016 – or 2015 would be a little bit of a flat year compared to the 2014, and then we'd have another step-up in 2016 and 2017. So that message has been very consistent for the last 15 months. The surge in activity, we actually talked about that also in our call that we get a lot of surge of activity in August and September as host utilities look at their capital budgets for next year, so that's when the robust activity occurs. Now, next – in your question, let's work backwards from the Clean Air Act. That really takes effect in 2022. If it goes in and it's graded into 2030, those – remember, our plants last produce tax credits in 2021. So, we don't see those as having a big issue, or that law having a big issue with respect to running our plants through 2021. Next, we – our plants are better, they're more efficient. Or excuse me, the host utilities where we put our plants are better, they're more efficient, they're earlier on in the dispatch curve. And so, as a result, they're less likely to be retired than the broader fleet. So, I don't think it's good to use historical trends to predict what will happen to our 20 different locations. There's about 600 different utility plants out there and we're operating about 20 of them, and they're better and less likely to retire. Second of all, the displacement of natural gas, you can go out to the Energy Information Administration web site and you can see that the displacement of coal to use natural gas, there was a surge in that over the last five years. But, even that official site doesn't predict that happening, certainly not between 2021. So, we think our plants are better-positioned. I think they're less likely – and frankly, we sit at the strategic table with our host utilities and we know in advance of what their plans are. And frankly, if they're going to retire a plant, we won't put in one of our clean energy plants. So we believe our plants will run through 2021. They're at better locations. They're not subjected to natural gas. They're better placed in the dispatch curve, better placed regionally in terms of coal versus natural gas utilization. So, I don't see the risk that these plants will be displaced the way the broader fleet might have been. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Thank you.
Douglas K. Howell: Let's see. I don't know where you got your 12 million from, but the difference in there year-to-date that excludes the secondary offering that we did in 2014 numbers. So, the 7 million of shares – I'd have to look to see where you're getting the 12 million number. Sorry, I don't know.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, we use those for acquisitions throughout the year. Remember, we used the dribble-out in order to really buy the William Gallagher agency.
Douglas K. Howell: So the 12 million shares, if you go back to year-to-date, those are the shares that went out to fund acquisitions this year. I don't believe we're going to use any here in the fourth quarter and our outlook for 2016 is not to use hardly any shares either.
Douglas K. Howell: But lease termination related to other activities and lease termination primarily not related to the acquisition. If it's integration-related severance or lease termination, it goes in the acquisition integration line. If it's just other workforce and lease termination that we're doing as we downsize some of our locations just through natural – that's where we put it, in the workforce and lease termination line.
Douglas K. Howell: I think that we're going to have a positive to cash flow on working capital because as we go through the integration and we consolidate massive amounts of – like for instance, we have over 400 different bank accounts related to the acquisitions that we did with Giles, Oval primarily. As we consolidate those bank accounts, we believe we'll be able to free up more cash. Right now, we have about $200 million of cash in the banks around the world that we can scrape together and use more efficiently once we go through the remaining pieces of our integration efforts. So that should improve working capital.
Douglas K. Howell: No, Bob. What those are, those are incremental, really retention agreements that we needed to do to solidify our folks there and some additional head count that was required in order to work on this. These are incremental expenses and if you add it all up, it ends up being fairly close to what the settlement ended up being. So, those are just the ongoing costs and because you're doing them on a retention basis, you amortize those expenses over the future period of the retention, not against the gain. So you get the gain this quarter, and then you add up all the small little costs that go out through the mid-part of 2017, and they get pretty close to washing out between the two.
Douglas K. Howell: These – well, first and foremost, we put it in Corporate to keep it clean, to keep it matched up into the right – into the same line, so we can track it a little bit easier over time. Second of all, these are the incremental amounts that we would view as related to the defection of the management team, and not to the core basic business of running the brokerage operation...
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, Dan, I think on the cost side too, the synergies are there. As I mentioned or as Pat mentioned that the Canadian operations are going to go under the same system that we're running here in the U.S., so that will be helpful. Also, I think in terms of just getting to where we – when we do a small tuck-in acquisition, probably six months to nine months into it, they're pretty well up and running into Gallagher. They've kind of integrated themselves into the operation. I think on these larger deals, it has taken us more like 18 months to get them fully into us, getting them trading with some of our folks in the U.S., understanding our capabilities, understanding what we can do to help them to sell more business, getting our niche leaders in their organization. That takes about 18 months or so. And we're at that point right now, and truthfully when you add them all up, the organic was 2.5% for all the large deals kind of pushed together. So I think that's pretty good.
Douglas K. Howell: About $200 million of that is usable. But, again, it's in a lot of bank accounts that I've got to pool together and consolidate in order to really get the efficiency. But that's okay; it's there; it's ours to use; it's just going to take me a little bit longer to pull it together.
Douglas K. Howell: I would say they're flat through 2017. But, at that point, we'll be harvesting more cash out of them than probably the GAAP earnings. Right now, the GAAP earnings are slightly higher than the cash earnings on that, but that will flip in 2017 where the actual cash earnings are higher than the GAAP earnings. So at that point, I'll lay that all out and show it to you. But, I would say that we've still got ramp up in 2016 and 2017, and maybe there's a touch in 2018. But, I think that 2018, 2019, 2020, 2021 will be largely flat to 2017. But, cash will be – cash harvest will be bigger.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, I'll take the margin one and let Pat talk about the growth. The margin, we run that business – as we've been saying for the last couple years, we're making investments to better our service offering to our customers and that's really starting to take hold. Customers are seeing that the issue is not the service on the claims and the costs of the claims; it's really the claim outcome. And we're demonstrating that we can help them get their folks back to work, get them healthy much faster by using our proprietary methods, techniques and systems. So that's the reason why the business is doing well and that leads to the margin expansion on it. But, there is a heavy investment load going into that business to make sure that we're offering a competitive environment. We used to be at 16 points of margin for our targets. We've moved it up to 16.5% for this year. We'll go through the budget process this fall and we'll come to a conclusion with them about what's the margin target for 2016, what kind of investment level there is. But, right now, in that 16% to 17% margin range is comfortable for what we need to offer the clients.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, like I mentioned a little bit ago, we believe that our – where we've locate our clean energy treatment facilities at host utilities, we think they're less likely to experience retirements, shutdowns, slowdowns relative to the broader industry trends that you read about. There's about 700 locations out there in the country. We're operating in about 20 of them, and even within those 20, we're not operating at all of their boilers. We're operating at their most optimal boilers that they intend to use. And if you know something about electricity, is there's a dispatch curve. The first things that get uses are nuke and solar, and then they move up the dispatch curve and then some of the last producing units can be natural gas units that are way out on the dispatch curve. So if a utility is operating at 50% to 75% or 90% of – or if there's a demand that's in the 50th to 75th percentile of demand, most of our plants are positioned where they'll first be turned on before they go to other sources. So we don't see – and by the way, it takes a long time to displace a plant that's burning coal with natural gas. You've got to get the pipes there. You've got to – and pretty well, most of that infrastructure and that development was done between 2008 and 2014. So that continued decrease in fuel costs by natural gas should not have a dramatic effect on us over the next five to six years.
Douglas K. Howell: I think those are baked into our numbers. The softening – I don't want to use softening. The weakening that we saw in those areas, softening in Australia, they're in our numbers for the third quarter. So I would expect that to be similar in the fourth quarter.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, I look to mention, first of all, in Australia, New Zealand and Canada we have about $15 million of total revenues related to energy-related clients. Now, I can't say what's the trickle-down effect of some of those, but it's a very small portion of our $2.5 billion worth of revenue. So our energy exposure in those countries that have large commodity-related economies is about $15 million. If you look here in the U.S., we might have $30 million but a lot of that, maybe half of that's in the benefits space even. So we're talking about having – they're still employing. We are – we do have nice practices in Houston and we will see a little bit there. In London, we trade generally through our specialty lines there, in energy, we might have $20 million of revenues. So as you can see, if you add all this up, we're somewhere in the $50 million to $70 million of direct energy-related revenues out of $2.5 billion of Brokerage and then $4.5 billion in total. So, I'd say in Gallagher Bassett, that's very little exposure to that. Remember, most of our business is in the SME and the mid-market area; those areas are pretty resilient to this type of change in the marketplace.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, first of all, we always want to use cash first and equity second. That's just the way we do it. There are times, however, because of the structure of the transaction, if we want to do a tax-free exchange, where the seller will demand stock, and if that's the case, we'll do that. At this point, there isn't – we always think that equity is more precious. We've been in such a huge growth spurt over the last three years that we've needed to use equity, but I just don't see us needing to use that much equity based on our current pipeline of nice tuck-in acquisitions. If we're out there doing them at 7x and we're paying cash for them, we've got – as our – we'll have more capacity for debt. I just don't see us using a lot of equity going forward.
Douglas K. Howell: I think that we would probably do another $200 million to $300 million of permanent debt at this point.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, right now, I think that we'll take – for any merger partner that would like to join us that has great relationships with their customers, wants to use our capabilities, wants to trade with our – in our niches, use our offshore centers of excellence, use our internship program – if they're willing to sell to us in that six to eight times range, I think we'd prefer to do that every day versus buying back shares. So, right now, we are in a – we think there's tremendous opportunities to still pick up partners that are committed to be in the business, they want to sell insurance and they want to do it as a part of a global organization that bring in capabilities, we'd much rather do that than we would buy shares at this point.
Douglas K. Howell: I don't think that we're going to be issuing a lot of shares going forward, so I wouldn't think there's a dilutive impact going forward.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: It's been very consistent. It's a soft market, and that's downward pressure. It's the old soft market playbook.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, part of that, Ryan, we're the largest MGA in the country, and so our underwriting operations are doing very, very well. But, our open market broking folks are as well. So, it's – we're soft on the property placements and that's a big part of what they do, but we're doing a very good job of generating new business. We've had some nice acquisitions there that are performing well over the last couple of years and our MGAs are doing extremely well. Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thanks, guys.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, if you recall, one of the things we were excited about as we came into 2015 is the fact that these moves that we made in New Zealand, Australia, Canada and the U.K. gave us credible platforms to be able to do bolt-on and tuck-in acquisitions. And we signaled that we would be back to doing our normal acquisitions and that's in fact what we've done. If you look at 29 transactions and about $180 million, you get an idea of kind of what our average revenue is on these deals. And I will tell you that the pipelines that have built in Australia, New Zealand, the U.K. and Canada are becoming more robust every single month. So it's absolutely working the way that we had hoped it would work. We're a credible buyer now in those geographies; which just one year ago, we really weren't. In the United States, we've got 30 years of activity that has continued to build our pipeline. We've got a very strong pipeline. As Doug mentioned, we think we'll close a good number of additional transactions in the fourth quarter and we see a continuation into 2016 of our typical tuck-in acquisitions. And these are anywhere from $2 million to $10 million that don't frankly demand the same level of multiple that some of the larger transactions that some of our competitors are doing, and that fits right in with the formula we've been doing for 30 years.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, I feel really good about it. As Doug mentioned, we don't publish budgets and the like, but these enterprises are essentially on plan as we came into 2015. We knew that Australia was going to face a soft market, as was New Zealand, so we took that into account. Whenever you do significant large deals, I think the very first thing you're looking to is, are you going to renew that book of business and are you going to show some growth? Are there going to be opportunities for people the sell more as you rebrand? And there's good and bad about rebranding. I mean, I think that's change and people oftentimes have a difficult time with change. But, by and large, I'm incredibly positive. So, I'll give you an example. I was in Melbourne, Australia just a few weeks ago. We had our Australian branch managers there and it was a terrific meeting. You'd think that these people had had meetings like this all the time when they were under Wesfarmers and the fact is, they really hadn't and didn't have the tools we're brining. Just examples of cross-selling, you know, where we've been able to help each other opened new opportunities. We've got our public sector people down there a number of times this year. So, things like that are going very well and when I see all the enterprises, with the exception of Australia, showing organic growth in the very first operating year after the acquisition, I'm extremely pleased.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And in my prepared remarks, Dan, I made a couple of comments on taking down data centers and migrating people to systems. That is where we see some synergies as well, getting numbers of key operating units from 200 down to 50, that's good work.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And I think Doug made a comment in his prepared remarks that look to the fourth quarter to be closer to 16.5%. As far as the top line goes, I think we've just found a very solid new business. We're blessed to have a terrific organization in Australia. And in the U.K., they're contributing significantly. The United States is, of course, where we've been recognized as leaders in that industry for years and years and our pipeline of new business continues to build and we're hitting on all cylinders. Our renewals are sensational. We renew more than our revenue that is expiring. We typically renew in the area of 101% to 102% of revenue. That comes from claim count growth and the organic growth of our clients. That doesn't just come – that's not rate increases. But, when you've got that kind of a retention and you can put some good new business on, you start to see those types of numbers.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And I'll tell you, my prepared remarks, I said besides cat-exposed property, things are still flattish. If you go back and take a look at the hard market/soft market cycles that we've lived with since the 1960s, a soft market typically sees prices coming down 10%, 15% a year and that can go on for a decade. We're not seeing that. If there's an account that needs a rate increase, the market is still trying very hard to put forward a rate increase. By the same token, if our people come across a very nice account that hasn't been marketed for a while, has been very successful and has not burned the market and it deserves a 15% to 20% decrease, it's going to get it. I consider that to be a professional kind of deliberate flattish market. So if rates are down in one line or another – take workers' compensation, or directors and officers – if rates are down 3%, 4%, that's going to impact organic. But, it's 3%, 4%; we'll outsell that. If it's up 2% or 3%, I still say in that band of 5%, you're talking flat, and that's kind of how the market feels.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Look, I think that on the benefit side, we've seen significant carrier consolidation that has changed that industry significantly over the last 20 years and continues to push us to be more consultants than brokers. We're not – we're no longer really going out to very many clients on the benefits side and talking about what the rate environment is this year. It's all around consulting about what their human capital needs are and how we're going to help them to maintain their employee base. And I think consolidation in the property casualty business is a long cry away from what we saw in benefits and I think you're going to see more of it. I think in this environment, this economic environment and this return environment, that's one way you're going to see growth.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Manny, I think that's about it. I think we're towards the end here. Why don't I just give a few wrap-up comments and we'll call it a day? At the outset of the call, I mentioned that I was pleased with our organic growth. All in, 4% – 4.1% is a very strong result. Over the past decade, we've invested heavily in our new business and retention strategies. We've brought in sales training and sales management. Our cross-selling efforts between our wholesale, PC and our benefits teams are at all-time highs. Our international and U.S. teams are working seamlessly on all types of new business. Our merger and acquisition pipeline is strong. So, it's safe to say that our aggressive sales culture is alive and well. We're pleased with the quarter and appreciate you being with us today. Thank you.
