J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think it's not all that different than the discussion that we had in June. We're seeing -- literally, we look at this daily, an interesting pattern of our underlying clients' business is doing well. They're still recruiting people. Our benefits HR folks are as busy as they can possibly be. We watch for adjustments, both in terms of audits and endorsements, and those are all positive right now. To put that in perspective, we have -- we do have a baseline on that during the pandemic, and it was -- that was obviously substantially upside down. So we do have a good feel for that, and we feel good about it. Inflation, as Doug said, really has an impact on about 20% of our expenses. I think that's probably good research on the team's part in terms of what's really subject to that, that we'll be watching. As you know, we're going into budget time in the next 6 weeks or so, and there's a lot of discussion around this. So don't hold me to it, but I think that we're pretty -- in a pretty good spot. And I think our mix of business bodes well. I think that the -- the way our expenses shake out, an awful lot of those expenses are variable, I think that's good. A lot of upside for our salespeople this year, obviously. And I think that with rate increases, with interest rates up, it's a pretty good environment for a broker.
J. Patrick Gallagher: But let me load in another thought to, Elyse, we didn't talk about June. But if you go back to 2007, 2008, you go back to the pandemic clinches, we were -- we learned again, which we have through many tough times that our clients will stop paying their people before they stop paying their premiums. And that's a pretty good business to be in regardless of the economy.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No. I think brokers are opportunistic, smart people. If I had a business to sell, now is when I'd sell it.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I'll tell you. It's really interesting to see. As you can imagine, I think we talked about this when the pandemic hit, that business shutdown in a quarter. And now -- and what an interesting turnaround for our clients. Now their biggest problem is attracting and retaining. So there is this demand, frankly, at a level that exceeds what we saw prepandemic. And I think in that case, things were kind of going along well. Everything was kind of fine. And then everyone tried to come down to the lowest amount of employee base they could. Now they're coming back. Their businesses are back. As we said, when we looked at our adjustments and endorsements and audits, our clients' businesses so far are robust, and that's a demand -- that creates a demand for more people. So I mean I can't get specific with you by exactly which practice group. It's the entire consulting part of our employee, human resource and human capital business is doing extremely well this year.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I'll tell you, again, on the anecdote side, these plans were a foot, Doug, leading the charge on this prior to the pandemic. And I don't know about your experience. But my experience in telling people that this isn't their workstation anymore or that, that office is -- it's not a good experience. And people being able to go home and get their job done and come back in the office where we do believe the social connections are important, and we're not eliminating our footprints but allowing them to plug in, in a plug-and-play way on the days that they should be there for customer contact, for employee meetings. It's kind of like the pandemic was a real helper.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. Doug is just trying to do the age thing on me because I go to a full restaurant, I can't hear...
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. And Greg, you heard us say that of all the lines of cover right now that are adjusted by Gallagher Bassett where comp is still one line that's not -- and it's our core business in the U.S. is not back to prepandemic claim counts. So it takes a while to build that back. But that's, as Doug said, directly connected to the employee head count. And so employee head count -- if employee head counts get slashed, that will have an impact on Scott's business, if they stay stable. And what we're seeing on the Benefit side is aggressive hiring, aggressive attempts of retention. And I think we're in pretty good shape.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, no, no. Gallagher Bassett has moved to a more virtual environment and that people are embracing that and really like that. The Brokerage business is allowing agile work. We're working to be agile and to be flexible. But these office footprints can actually handle everybody coming in at the same time, and we are encouraging people to come in.
J. Patrick Gallagher: That's pretty -- that stuff is pretty subject, Mark, to the economy. It's bars opening, restaurants opening, contractors starting with the wheelbarrow. Houses that get hit by hail a lot.
J. Patrick Gallagher: It seems to be in line that our carrier partners are happy to continue to grow and are satisfied with the results.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I've talked about this quarter in and quarter out. I'm really, really happy with and proud of the fact that, that team joined us. 7% organic growth in the second quarter after the 2 to 3 years that they had prior to an acquisition getting completed in December. We're 9 months into this thing, and they're generating 7% organic. That's fantastic. And we were sitting there talking about breakage early on, is there going to be more -- and let's be honest, breakages, people left us and accounts in that business like to work with their team. And so people staying, producing -- the other thing I would comment on is the amount of interaction and the amount of help that reinsurance is to our retail brokerage operations on a global basis is exceeding our expectations. There are risk sharing pools in the United States that we've done longer and better than anybody in the marketplace and along comes a fresh look and fresh markets and a team that works together with us. The data sharing, the discussion of our partner markets and the sharing there, it's almost unbelievable to me on a multiple number of levels, how good a fit this is.
J. Patrick Gallagher: It's not more international weighted. It's about the same and multiples around the world, you can throw a hat over.
J. Patrick Gallagher: All of you by the way, Doug, let's not single in -- all right, I think that's our questions for now. I'd like to thank everyone on the call again for joining us. Obviously, we're excited. We had a fantastic second quarter and first half of 2022. I'd like to thank all our colleagues around the globe for their hard work, our carrier partners for their ongoing support and our clients for their continued trust. We look forward to speaking to you again at our September Investor Day meeting, and thank you all, everyone, for being with us.
Doug Howell: So let me pile on that a little bit because we don't want whiteboarding on that. Like that, we're not seeing daily indications of our customers' growth slowing at this point. And admittedly, that's looking at current and recent past activity. And I think your question is really more about a future slowdown. So when we looked at that, what kind of cooling might we see, whether it's a recession or just a slowdown in the economy because, obviously, not every recession is the same, we do a lot of work on that. And we see -- if it happens, when I say if, more like a normal recession, maybe more like 1990, '91, and again, of what happened maybe in 2000, 2001, and before 9/11. We do not see next year being a clinch like the subprime financial shock recession of '07 or '08 or the pandemic recession for a few months of '20. So it's also important to note that these more normal recessions in the early '90s and early 2000s, both lasted about 8 months. So we see it more like that. It's also -- it's an important point to remember that brokers -- we are in a very large portion of our revenues based on the amount of premium placed. If it goes up because of rate or because of exposure, frankly, we're a little bit different on that. So for us, we think that like taking a look at nominal GDP is the bigger factor for our revenue much more than real GDP. So absolute sales, payroll, like Pat said, and property values are what premiums are placed on. So when you say, what thoughts next year what will premium rate increases do? And you heard us say that we don't see them slowing over the next year or so. And then really, our spread between new business and loss, we're proficient broker. So selling more insurance than we lose every year. So when we put all that together for next year, the brokerage business during a normal recession during an inflating premium rate environment can still post terrific organic results. So that's how we're seeing it now. And I talked to you about on the expense side during June that we think that we have some mitigating factors for that 20% that might be highly exposed to the inflation component of that. So it's a long answer to your question between Pat and I on it, but we think '23 could still be a year of terrific organic growth.
Doug Howell: I just think sustained rate increases, and our teams are doing a great job of selling more than we're losing. So I think that just the environment seems to be better. We're starting to see data come out of what's happening with second quarter rates versus first. And there might have been just a little bit of rate drop in the first quarter, and that seems to be back on a positive slope now. So you see that kind of in first quarters when you go back over the last few years that maybe rate increases aren't quite as big as they are in later quarters because you get -- for the carriers, they get the full year of the premium in the books by being maybe a little bit more competitive in the first quarter. Second quarter bounced back up again. I think that we've had a chance to look at what's in our pipeline. So I would say it's on all fronts, we're just feeling more optimistic about where we're seeing the second half.
Doug Howell: It's about the same. So it doesn't have the leverage as you would see in some of the other incremental amount.
Doug Howell: Well, it's a 742 page draft bill that we're doing a lot of word searches on it. I'm not seeing how it's in that, but if you get into the kind of vote-a-rama in the Senate next week to see what other senators might want to include in the package or look at it, I think that -- we're never out of it until -- we're not. And even if it doesn't come through in this package, it could be later in the year or 2. So it doesn't cost us that much to carry the plant. Our utility partners have been very understanding about this. They're not pressing us to decommission. So if you -- that we have to carry it for another 6 months, we will. But if it happens, it would be great. If not, we're in the cash harvesting era just like we thought about for the last 15 years, we're at that point now. So harvesting the cash is pretty nice.
Doug Howell: Yes. Let me add to that. There's -- during the pandemic, people were all about cost containment. And so they cut down their cost and they were cut any discretionary costs. It's regardless of what happens with this recession. And all the Fed actions, I think -- I don't -- I just don't believe that it's going to have a dramatic impact on unemployment. So I think that employers are really thinking about attracting, retaining and motivating their talent. So I just don't see any type of 8 months or yearlong recession putting a dent in the employment numbers. So employers are still going to have to make sure they're out there competing for talent, and that's where we really provide value. So I don't see this like the pandemic or in 2008. Again, we see it a lot, if it happens, like '90 and 2000, and there is still more for talent back then too.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think when we talked about it early, when we were coming out of the pandemic, we thought there could be $30 million or $40 million or $50 million of annualized savings coming from real estate. I think we're still on target about that. I think we're harvesting maybe about $8 million a year on that effort, and there's a couple of big office footprints that are coming up here in the next year that I think that maybe will be a little bit more on that over this next year. What are we doing? We're going to an office footprint that basically is covering 50% or so of the number of employees that we have. We're bringing technologies to bear, so their ads are within the work, so they're not dedicated locations. For those employees that have to come in every day, clearly, they have a designated spot. And we're finding that the employees are responding to it very well, especially in cities where there is a substantial commute. So I see us continuing to do that. I don't know whether it would be a more rapid exercise if we had a normal recession over the next year. I think the pace that we're making change is the pace that the organization has. And you got to -- either you wait until the lease expires and then downsize or you get out of it and you end up paying the rent to the rest of the term. So I think a paced and measured approach to that is where we are, and I don't see that changing if there was this normal recession happening over the next year.
Doug Howell: And that is really, if you don't get the -- you leave the office is too big, it can kind of look like there's no vibe going out in the office. So we do a lot of things to make sure that we can track the workforce. The footprint responds to the workforce. It's like going into a restaurant and every other table is empty, it doesn't feel like there's much of a vibe. Same number of people in a smaller restaurant, you walk out saying, wow, that was really a happening place tonight. So we're trying to make those experiences when people come into the office, more collaborative, more near one each other, and it's actually working then. We were just in London not too long ago, and there's a real bounce in everybody step when they come into a full office.
Doug Howell: I don't think there was substantial employment changes in a normal recession. So with Gallagher Bassett being so tight, to the number of people employed in places where there might be slips and falls, et cetera, I think that -- I'm not saying they're immune to it in this next normal recession, but I think that they're pretty resilient in that right now. Same thing with the Benefits business, there's still competition for talent. I think that there's -- you heard Pat say that there's 11 million open jobs right now for -- and there's 5 million people out work or something like that. So I think that I personally believe that this next -- if there's a slowdown, it's about drying up excess demand versus supply. And Scott pays claims on what the supply is not the demand. And we sell stuff on supply, not demand. So I think that -- I think as business...
Doug Howell: That as workers' comp premium rates increase, and we're not fully into big jumps in workers' comp. But if we get a harder market in workers' comp that will push more people to self-insurance, and that leads to pretty good growth for Gallagher Bassett, too. So when they look at self-insurance and alternatives. So if we go into a recession, but workers' comp rates go up as medical costs inflate, et cetera, you might have more people looking for self-insurance with Gallagher Bassett paying the claims.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think, Greg, the number of people that actually are designated as purely work from home employees might be in the 8,000 person range.
Doug Howell: That probably more closely correlates to the day that we do our estimated tax payments because we can anticipate using those credits. And therefore, we would pay less than estimated tax payment.
Doug Howell: Well, I understand you asked about the global second quarter renewal premiums, that's both rate and exposure of 10.5%, yes, that's right. And that's higher....
Doug Howell: I think he does. I mean, he's got a lot of interest in it. The real question is, is he willing to sponsor a change in this as a part of a compromised plan? So we'll find that out over the next week or 10 days or 10 months, right? I don't think there'll be a focus -- it's a pretty small program to be honest. So I think that they're trying to get a deal done. Is this something that he's willing to champion? Maybe not, but we'll see what happens when we get into next week.
Doug Howell: On rate amount, it's growing. It's actually showing some nice mid-single-digit type growth numbers right now.
Doug Howell: It could have an impact on -- yes, that would be. And I think a good point on that, our supplementals and contingents, there is some difference in contract year-over-year. So it's always good look at those 2 in together, not individual. So -- but together, they were up 12% this quarter together.
Doug Howell: I would say it's behind us. So we've done a really good job of holding the teams in. We're not having substantial attrition on that. In fact, I think we're in good shape on that. So I would not expect -- we anticipated what we give them breakage and the team is holding together -- that leadership team has done an amazingly good job.
Doug Howell: They bind when they bind. It's not like it's saying you've got to have this all put to bed by January 1, by October 1. It doesn't really drive necessarily with the calendar or fiscal year of the client. It's whenever they want to put these cases in place is when they were buying. So it would not be predictable quarter over quarter over quarter.
Doug Howell: Well, that margin for the year is somewhere around 36%. So I think that we're very happy with that margin. I think holding that margin is the right answer for that business. It takes heavy investment. They've been underinvested for the last 3 or 4 years on that. So that is not a business, if you go back to our acquisition that was expecting substantial margin change on that. So we're happy with the margins the way they are. We think they're competitive. Sure, there will be opportunities for us to become more efficient, and we do that every year. We always become more efficient. But I think there's a ripe opportunity right now to hire brokers in that space that would like to join us. It's a hot thing going right now. So it would be nice to take and hire folks in that business. I think it's 34% for the year where we are.
