Douglas K. Howell: No, and we did drop down a percentage but that's basically because of our -- the weight of our international operations. They're in lower tax locations. So it's -- we hope to see continued downward movement in that, but we dropped a point this year just because of that.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, I think so. I think that when we do 2x EBITDA as probably right where we want to be, there'll be sometimes it will round up to 2x to 2x, 3x. And then as the earnings move into the financial statements, it will drop back down around 2x. But that still gives us plenty of cushion related to our covenants, it still keeps us in the investment grade level. So I think that somewhere in that 2x range is right where we want to be.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, they -- I -- we think that investment grade trips at about 2.75x EBITDA. And then -- but our covenants are at 3.25x.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes Greg, thanks for the comment and just that overarching comment on margin. That's when you go back to 2004, with the changes in stock-based compensation and when you look at just the differences in accounting, our margins are actually better than ever before in the Brokerage space. So we feel very good about that and our Risk Management is always been kind of in this 15% to 17% range when it comes. That's just the nature of the business.
Douglas K. Howell: So we feel good about that margins at that level. Do we see opportunity for margin expansion going forward? I've said that if we're not above 3% organic, we probably won't see much else than the impact of acquisitions to increase or decrease depending on the franchises that we buy. But by and large, we're in an interesting era right now. If you look at our operating expenses, we have driven that down into the 16%, 17% range. We just don't spend money on things that aren't people. We think that we have opportunities to continue to leverage our offshore centers of excellence that do tremendous workforce. And we think there's some technology opportunities as we've rolled in. Behind the scenes here, the retail business has converted all of its different agency systems onto one platform here. I think only a couple of acquisition locations haven't been converted on yet. So we're making some improvements in technology. But there is underlying inflation. So where do we see margins going long-term? Give us 5% organic growth for the next 3 years, sure you'd see some organic expansion. At 3%, it's going to be tough to have much more. But again, we think that we're well-positioned. We've never really cut our 401(k), we've never cut back on benefits that we provide to our employees. We've done a good job of keeping our workforce well paid throughout the entire recession and till today. So our future when it comes to workforce, we think of a 60% comp ratio and about a 16% or 17% operating expense ratio is a good spot for Brokerage like us to be.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. You heard in my comments that we got hit with some medical claims right at the end of the year. But we think there's a line of sight in that business to keep 16 points of margin. If they can grow in the upper-single digits, we think that's tremendous. No margin compression in organic growth that might be approaching double digit. I don't think it will hit double digit. We think that's good for that franchise. This is a labor-intensive business. Some of the things -- there's some really exciting things that were going on inside of Gallagher Basset right now that really provides a nice value to our client. So we think if we can run that for 16 points at upper-single digits organic growth, that's a good spot for us to be.
Douglas K. Howell: Good question. I think, as Pat said in his comments, if you just look at all 31 of our acquisitions this year, we ended up paying in a blended multiple on EBITDAC of about 7.6x between 7.5x and 7.6x EBITDAC. So that multiple, frankly, has probably moved up one turn in the last 4 or 5 years. Is that interest rate correlated or is it growth correlated? We see it probably as more growth correlated, most of the operations that we're looking at now, do have line of sight to some growth that's consistent with our levels. Do I see it necessarily correlate to whether interest rates are at 4% or 5%? We're just not seeing at that. It doesn't translate quite to that level quite yet.
Douglas K. Howell: I don't think there's been. And I don't think there's been a view right now that 10-year, that 1% movement in the 10-year, influences that pricing. Clearly, if the 10 year goes up 5%, 7%, 10%, then multiples would come down. But we just -- it's just not that tightly correlated.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, good question. First, in the fourth quarter, if you recall, in our third quarter call, we had a couple of million dollars that was up timing shifted from third to the fourth. So when you look at the fourth quarter, that fueled that a little bit, but we talked about that in the third quarter. Looking towards 2014, there are a couple of things that are going on. As we add scale, especially internationally, we should -- we see opportunities there to increase our contingents in our supplementals. We see domestically there, we're holding in there on contingents and supplementals domestically and a flat year would be a good year we think. Now if loss ratios continue to improve, maybe there is some upside there. We are seeing a little bit of a dynamic and remember, we're doing this right as we speak and we're still in the middle of negotiating some of our relationships. We're seeing a little bit of a dynamic of some carriers pushing to move from a supplemental back into a contingent. If that would happen, you'd have a little bit of timing, where instead of recognizing supplementals in 2014, '14 you get it as a contingent in 2015. But overall, we think that the carriers are seeing the value of what we're providing. We see that, we think that the volume and the loss ratio outcomes that are coming with it. I think that were in a stable position to slightly better position in 2014.
Douglas K. Howell: No. I think the question wise is we actually sell about 5% more than we lose. Whether we see margin expansion below 3%, I'm sorry, there's 2 questions in there. We've said that we wouldn't see margin expansion below 3%. But can we see organic growth above 3% with flat rate? The answer is yes.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes actually, if you go back and look at it in some of our investor presentations, we plot out what rate increases are versus our organic. And even intangible we we're dropping, that rates were dropping, 10%, 15% we were showing organic growth, plus or minus, breakeven. So you can see there that the economy does have the ability, if you go back from let's say, 2003, 2004 through 2007, even with rate -- deep substantial rate decreases going on in the insurance pricing, we had a robust economy and we are still growing gangbusters back then.
Douglas K. Howell: We actually are targeting 16 points for the year. There might be a little tick up, a little tick below that on a quarter-by-quarter basis. But we think we have good line of sight that our Risk Management segment can pose 16 points of adjusted EBITDAC margin for all of 2014. And there might be a slight little variances on a quarter-by-quarter basis. But I hope we don't have another handful of claims like we had next year.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, we have. We're between $500 million and $600 million of revenue on it. And the margins in that earn the mid to upper 20s margin, too. So it performs in line with the broader Brokerage business we've been on [indiscernible] so we have a good shot.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, it depends. I mean, we don't actually have a [indiscernible] but generally, the supplementals and contingents fund a lot of our management, our field management bonus pools and everything that's where, we don't -- supplementals and contingents are not subject -- in most cases, subject to formulas for the field production SaaS. Although it's a higher margin, clearly, but it most -- and we've always said, 70% or 75% that hit the bottom line something like that.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes we're seeing, Mark, we're seeing some really nice receptivity by prospects for some of the enhancements that we're making in our systems and our capabilities. And I think that there's a good message that's going out that we're outcome-based on what they should be -- the outcomes that we produce are better than what they were doing before whether they were the carrier of different TPA. And there we're been able to demonstrate that better. So that's translated in some nice new sales for us.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, it's a complicated question -- an answer. But here we go. First and foremost, if you assume, the same wage workforce inflation that we've had for the last 5 years, which is basically been not that much, if you assume that when you get over 3% organic growth, 60% of that growth should contribute to margin because we pay the producer about 30% of it and we have field management. And then you get into the volume issues, is that a growth coming because we're just changing the 0s on a policy? Clearly, that's more margin accretive than it is if were having to go out and compete for new business where we're providing substantial quotes, lots of proposals. And if it's a heavy service load new client where there's lots of certificates of insurance, lot of our auto ID cards, and that's not as margin accretive. So it depends on the nature of this, if it's just 0s on the policy, assume 60% of that should contribute to the bottom line. If it's just having -- giving more bit bonds, giving more if our construction practice goes on, their proposing on 1,000 projects and we're having to provide the insurance quotes on each of those and only one of those closes, that's not as profitable as it is, if we got a contractor that just continues to grow as an existing customer. So a complicated answer. But by and large, when you get over 3%, there's a little bit that can hit the bottom line in total and in this wage environment, in this workforce environment at this point.
Douglas K. Howell: First, as you know, we said let's work backwards. On monetizing Chem-Mod, we're going through a strategic alternative process with that, we put that on hold a little bit towards the end of 2013, but we'll pick that up again here in '14. In terms of the opportunity to further expand more production out of existing plants, and we see that we're constantly trying to optimize the use of existing plants. We still have 6 plants that haven't been moved to the final resting places yet. That activity, there's a good pipeline for that. We're proposing on a lot of locations. Where would I like to be by the end of 2014? I would like to have all plans at least permanent installation construction by that time. I think that's a realistic goal. So do we have a line of sight of getting to improving off of 2014 range? Yes, we do, we think there is still further opportunities there. Remember our objective however, is to get these all in, then monetize down so that we own between 20% and 40% of the plants. So we have a portfolio of 34 plants, so that vagaries in any one plant, whether its running today or not running, whether is down for service or not, it kind of washes out in the diversification across the portfolio of plans. We do have good line of sight to that, there's good positive momentum on construction, chemistry, tax accounting. All of these things, we see there's good momentum in this space. So 2014 should be another year of ramping up to better position us for '15.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, let me just put it in perspective financially for you. We're talking in all of 2012, I think our net positive audits were $1 million. And in '13, it was a similar number. So and then in the depths of the recession, we might have had just net negative audits of $0.5 million to $1 million something like that. So it just doesn't swing that much for us as a broker.
Douglas K. Howell: I think it's 2 things. First, on the economy, the U.K. economy is actually doing pretty well right now. There's been some nice recovery there on the fundamentals and so we're seeing that as a nice opportunity. I also think though, it's more that the aspect that when we bought Heath Lambert a couple of years ago, it really made a statement that we had a serious interest in the retail presence across the U.K. Before we've been primarily wholesale in the London market broker. So the -- I think it’s just we're getting presented with more opportunities. We think that there's a view now with the Giles acquisition that we have a focus on the retail space. The brokers over there are very keenly aware of what we do here in the United States. They like our niches, they like our resources. And I think they see that there's an opportunity for them moving from a small independent to teaming up with Gallagher is a great opportunity from the grow[ph]. I think we're just getting presented with more opportunities also.
J. Patrick Gallagher: We have a reinsurance business and we've done reinsurance forever. You'll recall, Greg, that we sold our Gallagher REIT on about 6 years ago. That was an effort that we had a foot to try to go after some of the larger treaties that were being placed around the world, very exciting. In the fourth quarter, we're joined in a partnership by Grahame Chilton, who comes out of Benfield in the startup of a firm called Capscium, which is an effort to start a new reinsurance venture that is primarily based on his past relationships. And so that is a -- we have also done a small acquisition in that space in 2013, 2012 actually. And so we do see opportunities to grow. What you're not going to see us do is throw huge expense dollars at that. We think we've got an opportunity to build something out with Grahame, we're excited about that. He's obviously a well-known person in that industry, he's been very, very successful. We're pleased to have him as a teammate and we think we'll do great things there. But it's not going to be something where we spend millions and millions of dollars to find out if we can do it.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, Bob, first of all, this is Pat. I think, we all know that K.K. Harris very, very smart money and they've made a very big bet in a business that we believed in without hesitation for 30-plus years. And there have been times over that 30-plus years, actually 40-plus years, that we've been questioned as to whether or not we're going in the right direction. And I think it proves the point that this is a very, very dynamic business and a great business. We believe that the claims business is an area that we can excel. It is a competitive landscape. It doesn't change one with what our competition is or what our strategy is with regard to that business. It's just, I think, proves up the fact that it's a very valuable business.
J. Patrick Gallagher: This is the business I love regardless of valuations and let me tell you why. If you figured that Bob, Robert Hartwig is right at the insurance information institute and that there's something on the order of $1.5 trillion of premium paid in the property/casualty world globally, and you realize that some 60% to 65% of that premium turns into a claim every single year, then where's the money in the insurance business? It's in the claims. And where is the opportunity to help our clients save money? It's in the outcomes as to how well you do those claims. And we think we can prove that our outcomes are superior. When you see major insurance companies outsourcing their business to Gallagher Bassett, essentially saying that they're capital will be better served by our handling their claims, the world is coming our way, Bob. We aren't getting out.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, it's a great arrangement wherein we've essentially taken over a claims organization for an insurance company. Those people willed in to our employment. And we going forward, will be their outsourced claim provider and they'll be the capital provider and the underwriter. I see huge opportunity in this regard. If you take all the startup capital that's moved itself to Bermuda then wants to come onshore, one of the last things these carriers want to do is build infrastructure. Right? So they want to come on board and here's the analogy I use, if you want to get in the trucking business and you're an offshore capital provider, you can do that by coming onshore, getting the licensing you need, et cetera, making sure that you got all the licenses and the rates and what have you, and you can hire an underwriting team and you're in the business. You don't want to have a bunch of adjustors sitting across 40 states waiting for accidents to happen. So what we can do is say, look, when you have the accident, dial this 800 number. Our people are on site as fast as can be, we got a very professional adjudication team, we're all over this thing. We can manage -- we can manage every component of the claim, from the early onset through the litigation. And you don't have to have infrastructure. And by the way, we'll do it better than you do it, if you hired your own claim people. And we'll show you that and prove that with our outcomes. What's the opportunity there? Limitless.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well I should -- let me answer that. We compete across the full spectrum. If you look at the insurance industry as a pyramid and at the top of the pyramid is the Fortune 1000, we're represented in that Fortune 1000. We do a very good job on a number of large accounts that would be brand names that I won't mention on the conference call, that we're very proud to have as customers. As you go down that pyramid to the very bottom with your small personal lines accounts, we play very well in the affinity space, which is very small accounts that are done electronically or by call center what have you. So the full spectrum we compete. There is no shift in strategy, we want to get stronger in every sector we play in. If you look at the acquisition activity, to be a Business Insurance United States Top 100 broker, #100 last year did like $22 million in total revenue. So we believe there is about 18,000 agencies in America. Some say there's as many as 30,000, but we believe there's about 18,000. That means there's 17,900 smaller than $20 million in revenue. We know this because we measure it. 85% of the time when we go out in the competition in the field, we're competing with somebody who's smaller than we are. So we compete 15% of the time with our larger competitors. No change in strategy. We continue to focus on each layer of that pyramid and we want to get bigger and stronger in every category. And the important thing about that is it matters out in the marketplace. The bigger we get, as I said in my prepared remarks, we add brainpower to the organization, that improves our niche capability, it improves our specialties, it helps us in the Risk Management world and it helps us in the small account world. And when again, you go to a business that's as vast as the insurance businesses, our growth opportunities in virtually every category are almost limitless. So yes, we will continue to compete hard in that upper middle market. And into the larger accounts, but we see great opportunities to expand through the whole spectrum.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Sure. I'd love to tackle that and if you've got any further questions I'm happy to have Jim Durkin chime in. The benefits business, I think we've been fortunate that a number of years ago, we organized ourselves into separating the benefits from the property/casualty arena. So we've been building a benefits business as a separate organization called Gallagher Benefit Services for the last 20-plus years. We believe 20 years ago that, that was a separate expertise and I think we've been proved right in that regard. So today, what we find ourselves as is more of a consultant than a broker in that business. The insurance companies have consolidated down to very few players and it's not really about going out and getting a cheap price for our client on their benefits business. It really is about stepping back and looking at what their HR strategy is, what their total pay strategy is and seeing if we can help them both design that strategy, as well as implement how benefits fit in that business. Now that's become extremely complicated. 15 years ago, we didn't have a compliance person on staff. Today, we have 25 compliance people, 17 of them are lawyers. We're not running a law firm, these are helping our clients with the compliance obligations they have under the law. And that goes all the way back to ERISA and comes through to PPACA. So it's a very complicated business once you get 200 lives or more in your group and we're very, very good at that. Now what that's fueling is heavy acquisition opportunity because if you're a smaller broker with a bunch of 200 to 300 to 1,000 to 5,000 life cases, you can't deal with the new law, just that simple. You think you can, you start down that road, but you can't. And so what's happening is that the smarter entrepreneurs that have got great client relationships, are joining Gallagher Benefit Services so they could go out to their clients which is exactly what they should be doing and saying, "We really do have the capability to handle all this complicated stuff that you're facing as it relates to benefits." The organic growth there is about in line to a little bit better than our PC growth. But I think that, that will increase as the mandates and as the complications of the new law become more apparent to our clients. I think we have a position now in our -- in a competitive state where many of our smaller competitors are telling their clients "not to worry, we're on top of it." But when they begin to find out how really complicated this act is, we think that there could be thousands of pages of regs coming out. I think our organic growth will continue to surpass what we're seeing in other lines. It's a very exciting time for us. Our people are working incredibly hard. Every small account is trying to figure out what to do, every client is trying to figure out whether they want to use an exchange, do they want to go to define contribution, Are they going to stay with define benefits, are there going to be self-insured, are they going to be fully insured are they -- what are they going to do? They can't sort that out themselves. They need help and that's a real boom for us.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, it certainly not. Its -- I say that we're more consultative in that. But in all fairness, our property/casualty businesses is very consultative as well. You get down into the affinity and it's a straight price play. But when you look at what we're doing as a property casualty Brokerage, it's the same. So we really do think of them as very similar businesses and spend an awful lot of time trying to make sure we cross-sell those businesses.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No. I started a partnership with Graham Shelton in the U.K. in a Caps-- we're calling the business Capsicum Re. And it's a reinsurance brokerage operation.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, we don't really see that as something we probably be doing in the United States. But we've done partnership arrangements around the globe before. We started in Perth, Australia, with a equity investment that then went to 100% majority. We started -- we have a good partnership in the Caribbean with what we think is the strongest broker down there, which we own 80%. And you might recall that 1 year ago, we took a position in our Mexican partner. So we like that approach around the globe.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, I was talking about Gallagher Bassett in particular, Mark. We just had a really good start to the year. We haven't put any numbers out there, not publishing any numbers. But that's a business that can be lumpy because they're often times dealing with large accounts. And we just -- you typically win less than 50% of what you're working on. And for January 1, we won a lot more than 50%. It was a very good start.
J. Patrick Gallagher: What I'm talking about, when I make those comments, I'm speaking all about small businesses. Our MGAs, in particular, do well when strip malls are filling up, taverns are starting, stuff that the regular market is not going to participate in. And we need that economic activity to fuel those MGAs, and we're seeing good activity there.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Sure. I mean, I think the natural yin and yang in the business is that as you're approaching your renewal, carriers want to make sure the exposure units are quoted appropriately. And clients want to make sure that they low-ball it. And so between the lowball and the end audit, you get back to what's the right number. So we have seen -- we are in positive audit territory. We have been for a number of years. I think, we're probably approaching what is more like parity though, where the actual exposure units that are being placed on the policy at renewal are kind of closer to what they actually should be. So we are in positive territory. This is not 20%, 30%. These are small incremental audits that do give us line of sight into what we've been saying for a number of quarters, is an improving economy. It's not an economy that we see going robust, we are not seeing, for instance, on the benefit's side, a whole -- any kind of real addition of headcount to our client's employment. People doing everything they can to hold back on that, which does translate, however, into a very successful growth with our temporary health firms. But we are in positive territory, it's not huge. But clients businesses are doing better.
J. Patrick Gallagher: The blended rate on that $600 million was 4.7% on $600 million. So 4.7x $600 million is about $14 million a quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, cross-selling is one of those things it’s the Holy Grail right? I mean we're -- we've studied our books of business across our divisions, where we've been exceptionally good is making sure that our wholesaling operation garners the opportunities that our property/casualty division has in the E&S market. We now captured about 50% of our E&S placements into our own wholesale Risk Placement Services. We're probably captured 85% to 90% of the placements that the organization makes in London -- into our London specialty group. Where we have great opportunity and we have not had the depth of penetration that I'd like to see is between our property/casualty operation and our employee benefits operation, we think there's great, great opportunity there. All in cross-selling though, I would say for 2013 between benefits and PC, probably contributed about $9 million of total revenue to the company.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Also I'd say, Chris, the U.K. market in the Brokerage space got very overheated a number of years ago. There were a number of these opportunities that we looked at. And the multiples were off the Richter scale and you now have private equity firms that are having to bite the bullet and realize that they've got to exit. And expectations in pricing has come much more in to line with what we're comfortable paying. And so it's been a great opportunity as one of the people that kept their powder dry to be able to move into that market and actually get reasonable multiples to bring these teams aboard, as Doug said, who are excited to be part of what we're building as a team.
J. Patrick Gallagher: The Liazon acquisition by Towers, we've been very pleased with how Towers has reacted and their commitments to us. Towers spent a very significant amount of money for that acquisition. They're not going to buy that business to wreck it. In fact, we've got very good discussions with them on the fact that they want Gallagher Benefit Services to continue to be clearly one of their strongest partners. We had good success with that platform. We have about 32,000 employees that are presently signed up to be on that platform. We see line of sight to probably over 100,000 employees going on to the platform sometime during 2014. And we think it will be a good partnership. But we've also been very clear, Chris, that this is not our only exchange. We view the exchanges as platforms and markets. And our job is to consult with clients as to where the best place for them to place their employees will be. And if that's a state exchange for 1 client and Liazon for another, that's how we're going to play it. We're a pure consultant.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Great. Thank you, Brenda. Again, everyone, thank you for being with us this morning. We are really pleased with our 2013 results, I know you could probably tell by the tenor in the room here, we're pretty darn excited about 2014 opportunities. I think we're building an exceptional franchise that has phenomenal prospects for continued growth. Consider this one little factoid, we did our first $400 million of total revenue in 1995, and we grew the enterprise by that much in 2013. And as I said earlier, we really believe we're just getting started. So thanks for being with us this morning. We appreciate it and we look forward to talking with you at the end of the first quarter.
