J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Alright. Let me see if I can dig that out for you here. Should have it right here, and I apologize it's not quick on this. I think that -- stand by here. In the second quarter, I think that we'd probably have -- maybe the second and third quarter more flat and then a little bit more upside, maybe towards 30 basis points in the fourth quarter, I think, is what I'm looking at here.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I'm sorry. Let me check that. I just looked at there are 9, I'm seeing probably 10 basis points of expansion in the second quarter, 20 in the third and maybe 20 in the fourth.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think, Elyse, this is Pat. I think that we're just sort of predicting that it's a stable environment over the next three quarters. We're not seeing a lot of rate reduction. We are seeing continued, and by the way, I'd point out being a little proud about this. We've been the one saying we're not seeing recessionary pressure in the middle market by our clients around the United States in particular. Those businesses are continuing to grow and they are robust, even with the headwinds of higher interest rates and higher insurance costs. And those insurance costs are not backing off, and we can tell you this data day-to-day, line-by-line, geography-by-geography, country-by-country. So, I think that our commentary in our prepared remarks about it being a pretty firm market, looking like it's going to continue that way for all the reason we enumerated, we view it that same way over the next three quarters.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, let me address a couple things first, Greg, so first, our recruiting efforts are ongoing. We are always recruiting producers, excited about the fact that our 500 interns will begin showing up in a few weeks here, in the United States, if I look around the globe, it's probably more like 600 interns. As you well know, we recruit heavily from that group, and our consistency of retention there is very strong, and continues to be strong. So, we have a good pipeline and a good -- we do a good job of landing new producers, nothing to announce in the way of any more robust efforts in that regard than are normal. And so I think I feel really good about that. In terms of retention of producers, very, very, very strong retention, and I think that we offer a great place to acquire trade, and we pay people well to do that. We're still one of the places that believes in remunerating people for their growth in books. So, I feel good about our production recruits. I feel good about our new hires, and I feel very good about the retention level that we have with the people that are. As it relates to the article, which was not an announcement, I would just simply say that we don't make a lot of comments on news stories, Greg, and I think you know that. I'm the CEO, and I feel great. Thank you very much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes. I will. First of all, let me put some color on that. If I read the business insurance article correctly about a week ago, I think M&A in the first quarter is down about 29%. That's after year-after-year-after-year, more PE entries, more deals being done it's, so I think we're seeing a slowdown in the number of transactions, which I do think reflects a slowdown in the number of new entrance. There are some -- there are some people who have been very active in the past that are less active now. At present, we're not seeing a big decrease in those multiples. If you had 20 people bidding on a property 18 months ago, you still have 11 today. And so, I do believe that, like anything, supply and demand, if that demand continues to decrease and interest rates are in some way impinging that capital, I think that you will see multiples come down, but they're not doing that right now.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think that's a -- I'm piling in here. This is, Pat. That's a very, very good point. Every time in a firm market, we get that question. Rates are up on XYZ 12%. You're showing 6%. Why is that? Because our job is to not pass on the 12%, and we're good at that.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I mean there's a couple of things going on. One is we happen to be, if you look at kind of the new business we've been selling, it's been connected to more liability activity. So it's not necessarily that individual accounts are saying more. But the new business tends to be tilting a little bit in that direction.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: In fact, if anything right now, construction continues to be pretty unrobust. First off, you've got, you do have a lot of infrastructure stuff that now is flowing through, and our infrastructure contractors are doing very well. And when you get down to the more -- to the smaller contractors, their backlog is strong.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, I will say this. I'm proud of the industry market. One of the things that I think stays consistent is that our carriers and I'd say this on a broad based basis are paying the legitimate claims that they have filed with them. And I think they're paying them in a in a timely fashion, and I think they're paying them fairly. Now you can get to certain jurisdictions. I don't mind mentioning it. Florida was assignment of benefits and litigation on behalf of the claims, and there's a battle going on there. But by and large, when you put a legitimate claim into the system, the insurance industry is a very efficient model of paying that claim. We are not sitting there with a lot of complaints from our claimants.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, a, I don't understand it, and I'm not smart enough too. So let's start with that. And b, yes, they're raising funds like crazy. One of our competitors that I won't name actually eliminated their integration team and their acquisition team. Announced publicly that they were no longer going to be actively pursuing acquisitions, they've got additional funding and they're back in the game. Go figure out who would sell to that. Not me. So then you go to other players that have been more consistent long term. And, yes, they're they received significant funding in the last 60 days. So they are flush. That capital's got to work. They didn't get it to put it interest. So there's competition out there.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, I think so. So, I mean, I think that's a big part of our sales, that we are always talking about the fact that the differentiator here is twofold. One, we believe we have a great franchise that offers them the opportunity to expand their business. And if they love the business or they tend to stay in it, this is the best platform in our mind to trade from. So that starts it. And then, of course, you've got the cultural aspect. And we're competitive. We're not we're not trying to sell the fact that that should give them a deep discount. But there are, you know, there are people that sell for various reasons, and we don't win them all.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Look at it this way. Another way to put in Meyers, one is troubled business, frankly. When we're doing open market broker, brokers are coming to us because they need our help on tough to place accounts that are going up in price. Our MGAs and programs are consistently writing smaller accounts that are not distressed, that are looking for specialty coverage or specialty expertise.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, I think that's an enduring thing. When this team was part of our competitor, Willis, they had a very good block of business underneath them. A very good firm they were part of. And I would say in fact similar economic. So we're not we're not changing that. But I think we do offer a different environment. We offer a different way of trading. We're bringing our retailers together with the reinsurance people at a much higher level or I shouldn't say higher level at a much greater frequency with much greater interaction than they were used to, which I do believe will fuel their growth. And I think it will accelerate beyond what they would have achieved, but that's what it could have should and we'll never know.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think they're pretty close to the same. Yes we're seeing some of those, but we're seeing, take D&O out of it right now. We are starting to see some uptick in workers' comp now. So, I mean, I don't see a lot of difference between what's going on in the U.S. and what's going on Canada, New Zealand, Australia, and the UK. So it's pretty close.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, here's the thing. Translating it directly into GDP is a different exercise But one thing, you got to separate real versus nominal first and foremost. So I can only get a look at what's the growth in the insured values and insured, what's being assured there. Remember, we're not seeing that in our data right now. I'm looking down through our industry list right now, and we talked about construction earlier, heavy construction other than building construction contractors up 12.4%, construction special trade 8%, building construction up 8%. So you look through our industry list here, we're not seeing it. We're not seeing it in our dailies overnight. The cancellations are lower than before. Negative endorsements are lower than before. Audits are audits. They have a lag factor in there, so I wouldn't look at those two terribly carefully. But we're just not seeing this in our customer’s business at this point. And believe me, our customers, if they believe they're seeing a down turn one of the things they want to do is modify their insurance program because that's cash flow to them. So, we will know in two years how accurate our dailies are. But right now, they are pretty right over the last two years.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: But I think the pricing will far offset any modest contraction and exposure in it. I don't know what's going to contract in the next six months or what volumes are going to contract. We're just not seeing at least.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, maybe we back up and take a look. Do you remember some of our discussion about the sensitivity of our business to inflation? We said about 40% of it is neutral because it just moves more in tandem with premium -- with our commission rates because we pay people on incentive compensation basis there. Then we've got about 40% of our whole cost structure that is moderately impacted by inflation. And then we have 20% of it that might run a little bit more close to what headline is inflation knocking off some tops of certain things that maybe transportation, gas, etcetera on that. So when you add all that up, when you look at what could be facing an -- somebody like us that's pushing $6 billion worth of cost. If something if you say that, let's say, let's call it 30% of your – 25% of your cost structure is subject to – 75% of the headline inflation number. Just think about that. Let's say there's $4 billion, I'm just doing this off the top of my head that might have 6% or 7% inflation factor in it. That's a big number. Right? And I'm saying that the only thing that's really affecting us is $5 million to $8 million bucks a quarter on it. What that's saying is as we get more productive, not just from our offshore centres of excellence, but because of technology and other process improvements that are both domestic and offshore centres of excellence. That is absolutely controlling against inflation out there. So there is substantial uplift that's happening every day because of our productivity work, our quality work and our offshore centres of excellence. And I just kind of did that off the top of my head, but you get the point. You'd see a heck of a lot more cost or expense dropping into the bottom line if we didn't have our offshore centres of excellence.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sure. We're pretty proud of the quality that comes out of that operation too. Well, thank you very much everyone. Appreciate that and thank you for joining us today. As you could tell, we're extremely pleased with our start to the year. We posted a great quarter. I'd like to thank all our colleagues for their outstanding efforts this quarter. We are people business and I believe we have the best people at Gallagher. We look forward to speaking with you again at our IR Day in June. Have a nice evening, and thanks for being with us.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah. This is [Indiscernible]. Buck has been pretty stable across the country last year, across the world last year. They have very strong growth in the U.K. and then their engagement last communications business. They just finished Q1 with their best sales quarter in the last five years. We're already beginning to have a lot of revenue synergy discussions, very organic early stages, built a pretty strong pipeline. We're already going on in on deals together. It's a little early to give predictions on what this looks like, but we do expect them to have mid-single digit growth this year.
Douglas K. Howell: We're preserving all the machines that allow us to generate those tax credits if there's something that might come out of an energy bill or a tax reconciliation bill yet this year. Those plants could be put back into service.
Douglas K. Howell: Elyse, I don't know if there's a high probability of anything getting done in Washington. So I mean, that I would hope so, but I wouldn't put high probability on anything coming out of there. Yes, but if the plant sits there for another year, they sit there for another year.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, listen I can give you some percentage of our book, our property book we include package in there also is going to be somewhere around just doing the mental math here real quick, is around 27%, something like that of our first quarter, total revenues in the P&C units. One of the things that our guys do is there and we all do out there is pretty good at mitigating some of that rate increase. So, when you look at it, property rates are going up 17%, you might see commissions going up 10% or 11%, 12% something like that because you increase deductibles, you bring down limits, you come up some more creative programs in that. So, that is a line of business where the direct correlation between the premium increase and then the commissions that we get there's a delta there.
Douglas K. Howell: All right. So, book sales would have been tiny. I think the total amount of book sales this quarter was about 200,000 bucks, something like that. So that wouldn't have influenced it in our numbers, at all. Our investment income on the face of the financial statements also includes our premium funding businesses. So, you will -- so that the amount of invest income that translates right into that number. Just take 90% of what you see as investment income and on the face and 90% of that is real, additional incremental investment income. When you look at what it means for the rest of the year, if you follow the interest rates through the big tick-up starting about last month last year, and so second half of the year, the increase in investment income is not as dramatic as it is here in the first quarter. So, if I were to look at full year impact of investment income on our organic lift, that would be about maybe 60 basis points for full year, 60 basis points of margin expansion from invest income for the full year. So, you can see here this quarter was up fueled about 90 basis points and for the full year it would be about 60 basis points to 70 basis points, something like that.
Douglas K. Howell: No. I think if you look at our pipeline and you project it, we would think that if I were standing in January of next year looking back, what's to be the impact of rolling M&A excluding Buck. So, all it might use about 10 basis points to 20 basis points of margin expansion. So, it has a significantly smaller impact on the full year because we're so seasonally large in the first quarter.
Douglas K. Howell: All right. So, maybe let me back-up and just say, and think about it this way. We built a bridge this quarter from last year first quarter, right? So, if we were look -- if we were standing in January of ‘24, looking at a year that we're kind of seeing in that organic in the 7% to 9% range, here are some of the components we've talked about already and I'll toss in a couple more. So, where we said that maybe investment income would give us 60 basis points, 70 basis points, 80 basis points of margin expansion for full year, but not the 90 basis points. We got to think about as the normalization of the Omicron T&E expenses and then maybe some inflation on other T&E throughout the year, but we were back to doing full business in the second half of last year. That may cost margin expansion, let's say a 30 basis points to 40 basis point. I told you about the rolling impact of regular tuck-in acquisitions excluding Buck that would maybe use 10 basis points to 20 basis points of margin expansion. That gives you organic maybe in that 70 basis points to a 100 basis points just pure organic without those things, 70 basis points to a 100 basis points of margin expansion. And then we are making some additional -- we provided some additional raises that we talked about last quarter. We are making some additional IT investments all those maybe $5 million to $8 million a quarter that would use maybe 20 basis points to 50 basis points of margin expansion. Again, these are ranges, follow that bridge for the full year and that gets you back to the 60 basis points to 80 basis points of FX adjusted margin expansion for the year. So, then you'd layer in Buck, and that would get you down to that margin expansion that you mentioned there. So, I hope that bridge, and I don't have a crystal ball, it's not January of next year, but you -- if that was type of range you get some from investment income, you get a lot from organic, some goes back because of T&E and the rolling impact has a little impact, and we're making some investments. So, if we ended up the year and ignored Buck being up 60 basis points to 80 basis points, knowing me in January next year, I'd probably point out that we would have expanded margins 600 basis points in five years, and knowing my personality, I probably would say that I still would feel confident that we would have more and more productivity opportunities as we look forward. So, a lot can change in nine months, but wouldn't that be a great year for us to post. So, that's those are kind of my thoughts on that, and I hope that helps all the listeners on this to understand that where the pieces are coming from and hopefully that will help you build your models.
Douglas K. Howell: I think the accounting on the deferred revenue from 606 in the fourth quarter plus maybe a life cases. Now maybe we sell some more life cases that come in pretty lumpy. Those probably cost us 50 basis points. The combination of the two and full-year organic something like that. But one thing I will say is that when we look at our dailies, you know, these are the overnights where we get a scrape of all the renewals that are going on, I got to tell you, April looks a lot more -- looks stronger in terms of premium increases than we were seeing before even on a mix adjusted basis. There is a tone that we're seeing in our data, not from anecdotal polling, that there is some further strengthening in all lines and all geographies, maybe other than one or two smaller ones. So, who knows? Maybe we'll be close to the 9%, but we're still comfortable in that that 7% to 9% range.
Douglas K. Howell: But remember, Elyse, we are the beneficiary of inflation. There are very few industries out there that really get a benefit from inflation, and we do. So as building values go up and for and right now for the first time in the decade, carriers are very, very interested in what you're insure to make sure you're ensuring the value. This inflation is hitting building costs very hard.
