Patrick Gallagher: Well, as it relates to organic internationally, I'm pretty bullish. We got rate improvement in New Zealand and Australia, those businesses are doing very well. We've got positive organic in Canada and the U.K. at a level that's greater than the United States. In the U.S. is in very nicely positive organic. So, I feel the 2017 should look and feel a lot like 2016.
Patrick Gallagher: Exposure growth is interesting. It's not having much impact yet. When I look at the worldwide employment figures, I keep wondering when exposure is going to show some nice shoots but it has an impact that is by more than a percent.
Patrick Gallagher: Submissions were up nicely, probably up 3%, 4%. Finding continues to hit ratio, continues to be pretty significant. And the business is very, very healthy.
Patrick Gallagher: No, they're not a tail wind, it's kind of flattish. That's why the, that's kind of the quandary. We're seeing employment figures look strong and I see that globally and yet we're really not seeing payrolls jump and we're not seeing sales jump. So, it's the audits are kind of flattish.
Patrick Gallagher: And you're not going to see the level of activity out of Gallagher Bassett that you see in a brokerage unit. The brokerage, the brokerage world is incredibly fragmented, it's virtually huge and the opportunities are limitless.
Patrick Gallagher: So, you take, we are 300 instance this summer and the split between people who finished their sophomore year in college and people who finished the junior year. And the juniors are probably will be something on the order of a 100 out of that 300. So, they're going back for their senior year, we'll probably recruit of about 80 of those. There will be starters in September of 2018. And by the way, five years later we'll have 80% of those still with us and 20 years later we'll have 80% of those.
Patrick Gallagher: No, not really. I mean, claims frequency's probably up 1% and that severity has not shown any real change.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, Crystal, this is Pat. Let me address the number of deals and then I'll let Doug talk about the amount we'll spend on them. The merger and acquisition process is a sales process just like when we go out and get new cars. And these things it's not like you get to turn on this big and say we'll do six this month and next month we'll do seven. I mean, these are entrepreneurs that are selling their baby and we get that. And they're not coming aboard until they're ready and we got to do out due diligence. So, doing the number that we've done this year is still a very good pace for us. And if it accelerates a little bit in the second half great and if it slows down a little bit that's fine too. We want to get the right partners on the boat and we're not just trying to do deals.
Patrick Gallagher: I'll just make a few comments and then we'll say thank you for being with us. That's what I'd like to say is thank you again for being with us this morning. In closing, I'm extremely pleased with our first half performance and I believe 2017 is shaping up to be another outstanding year. We look forward to speaking with you again in October and having a good second half. Thank you, for being with us this morning.
Doug Howell: Yes. Historically in the second half of the year, margins expansion has not been as much in the first half. Thus far year-to-date we're up 84 basis points. We're in a similar position last year this time we brought it in right around 50 basis points for the full year. Part of the reason for that is we typically give our reasons during the second half of the year. Those will be coming in, so that does have a little bit of a -- it keeps margins from expanding as much because that's when we give the raises and then we see the result of that as what's full there. So, basically like we're saying, this year feels a lot like last year. If we end at 35 for the year, if we end up with just a little bit of margin expansion in the third and fourth quarter, we'll bring it in somewhere around 50 basis points of margin expansion on 3.5% organic growth. That's pretty much so how the model work.
Doug Howell: Yes. Let me clarify in that. It really doesn't, this stock option the new stock option accounting produces a little bit of a gain in the corporate segment that used to go through, it goes with the P&L now, it used to go through other comprehensive income. It doesn't really impact the number of shares outstanding. The reason why shares are creeping up a little it right now is we do have -- we did have more stock option exercises in the first half of the year. So, that puts more shares out of the market. Our employee stock purchase plan puts them out into them. So, that increases it. We did use some shares in M&A this quarter in tax reexchange. So, that puts it out but recall we purchased those last year. So, I think we're still above flat when it comes to shares purchased last year versus those years we've issued an M&A. So, we're pretty bottom. So, that's the three pieces that caused the slight creep from I think we're at a 181 million last quarter and we're pushing a 182 million this quarter.
Doug Howell: Yes, all right. First and foremost, the different three ways in supplemental I've always said is kind of it's a blurry line between that. So, I wouldn't read too terribly much into the fact that it grew 10% year-to-date in base of that pack 3% and there is some blurred lines there. I think that continue commissions of the one that there really kind of have a little bit more impact to the bottom line and they're up 2.7% in the year-to-date. So, it does have a little impact on margin expansion, maybe 10 or 15 basis points by the time you look at after compensation elements that are associated with that.
Doug Howell: Well, I mean I wouldn’t comment on what it'll do for organic growth. But whenever there's change in the business and people are looking for another place to maybe rest their head, we try to provide a pretty nice house.
Doug Howell: Great question. I don’t really have any views on tax reform at this point. I think it's a crap shoot anyway you look at it. I think that regardless what happens, we have generated a substantial amount of credit carry forwards, 550 million of them. We'll use those going into the future. We can produce new credits all the way through 2021. By the time we get to that in the current tax environment with our current balance sheet, I don’t think there will be a paying meaningful taxes in the U.S. until late in the 20's. What do we have wind up between 2025 and 2030 for further reductions and taxes, I don’t know at this time. But we've been very good over since the history of Gallagher build always find some new tax credit strategy. So, we'll see how the, that's something we'll start working on in 2022.
Doug Howell: I don’t know if we actually said there's a full time person inside a Gallagher Bassett. I have a team of folks that are really good about looking for opportunities. I remember in Gallagher Bassett, what we're looking for is geographic expansion and where our multinational clients we want to have us have places to do business. That's one thing we look for. The other thing is there are some nice specialty claim related businesses out there that can round out our product offering and offering to our client. Those are the two types of things that we're looking for there. And so, but it’s Gallagher Bassett provides a full array of services. So, those are they are out there but there is not an abundance of them.
Doug Howell: And that's not a business where we're just trying to acquire people for our customer list. We do really well on competing every day for that type of business organically. So, just to be able to pick up scale through a customer list is not something that's all that interesting to us.
Doug Howell: Yes. There is that, no, it's been about this same. There is one program in particular in our trucking business that if you recall we've talked about this before that the carriers have kind of come in and out of that and so we lost our market on it. That pushes back a little bit, there's markets that are coming back into the space now when pricing's a little bit more reasonable. So, I would say that we see that it tends to be a little bit more of a volatile business than let's say our basic brokerage retail space. So, when a market comes in and out of a space it does tell you. Till the last few quarters the trucking business kind of held us back a little bit on that but still close in those single digits is good for that space right now.
Doug Howell: No, I think from cash flow standpoint we do still see ourselves spending $700 million to $800 million on deals this year if they -- if depending on the pipeline develops the way we think it will, we still see a lot of deals in that sub eight multiple range that we really like tuck-in acquisitions. And if it's a little lower than last year, it wouldn’t be by much, if it's a little more than last year, it wouldn’t be much either. And triply if we ended up with a situation where we didn’t have so much, may we buy stock back with that, would have to look at what our pipeline would be for the first quarter. And remember, the one thing to remember is that historically our first half of the year is slower when it comes to M&A in the second half of the year.
Doug Howell: Now, we've actually had nice headcount controls for last couple of years on that. I think as our technologies are innovative technology that we put into the middle output layer come online allows us to contract our domestic workforce with having very good success with pushing work into our offshore centers of excellence. So, that's helping us control our headcount. So, it's with the operational discipline of harvesting the hard work that we put in over the last decade become an operationally excellent company. And that's really what's happening, it's allowing us to control the headcount which is really important. If we get into an inflationary wage environment, that's a competitive advantage for us in that we've proven that our technology's work and that we can control our headcount for it.
Doug Howell: And what's interesting is our quality with our customers has gone up dramatically even during this time.
