Doug Howell: All right thanks, Pat. Good morning, everyone. Like Pat said, we had another excellent quarter by the team. Today I have five items. We’ll do a refresh on modeling revenues, some comments on margins, we’ll do an update on winding down our integration efforts, then I’ll move to clean energy results and I’ll end with some comments on cash and capital management. Okay, let’s go to modeling revenues. I think just using the CFO commentary document that we posted on our IR website as follows, starting on Page 2 of the CFO commentary, adjusted fourth quarter 2015 revenues for the impact of foreign currency exchange that we currently estimate at about $29 million. Remember, start by adjusting fourth quarter ‘15, not ‘16, then apply your organic pick to that number. Next, layering well over M&A revenues for mergers that we completed in the first nine month of this year; Page 5 of the CFO commentary shows that we estimate about $28 million rolling in, in the fourth quarter. And then finally make your own pick for a new M&A revenue that might come from mergers we close here in the fourth quarter, but please remember to assume a mid-quarter closing date. Following these steps should help you from overall undershooting [ph] on revenues and avoid the related the EPS impact. Okay, moving to margins, adjusted brokerage EBITDAC margin expanded 20 basis points in the quarter. We continue to get some margin uplift from our international operations, but overall margin expansion was a bit muted because we had some adverse domestic medical plan experience in the quarter, cost us about 20 basis points. It’s unfortunate, but does happen from time to time. Looking towards the fourth quarter, if we had 3% organic and I’m not saying we will or we won’t, we could hold margins flat with last year’s fourth quarter or even squeak out a little expansion. As for the risk management segment, margin of 16.8% was right in line with our expectation that we shared with you at our investor meeting in September. This is really great work by the team. With the return to low single digit organic in the fourth quarter, we see margins in the lower 17% range. Now, let’s move down to integration, we’re nearly finished. We’re about done combining the four large acquisitions we did in the U.K. You can see it in the numbers, third quarter integration costs were $0.04 this year versus $0.10 last year and in the CFO commentary document you’ll see our fourth quarter estimates for integration are at about $0.03, also down from $0.10 in the fourth quarter of 2015. I’ll be back in London in a couple of weeks and I look forward to congratulating the team for a really, really terrific effort over this last year. And also I should - deserves mentioning here. Our Canadian merger is also substantially complete with their integration efforts, so it’s a really nice work to those folks up in Canada too. Moving next to clean energy, you heard Pat say that we had another excellent third quarter and we remain on track to deliver about 15% earnings growth over the last year. Warmer weather helped us beat our forecast in the third quarter, but production might be a little lower in the fourth quarter because we haven’t seen much cold weather yet. For example, you’ll see that there’s still a lot of green in the highway or rig way [ph] tonight. And don’t forget that our production has not only reduced our current year taxes, but we have also generated $430 million of credit that are sitting in our balance sheet. Approximately, that’s $430 million receivable from the government that will help us reduce our past taxes paid for many, many years. We believe this has meaningful value for the shareholders We also have about $230 million of available cash on our balance sheet and as I commented on before, we’re making really good progress on our bank account consolidation efforts that help us unlock available cash. So looking forward, you heard Pat say that our M&A pipeline is strong. We got nice cash and nice cash flows developed. So I think that will fund our M&A activity for the remainder of this year with cash and debt. As for 2017, I see even stronger cash flows, given integration will be behind us and we won’t have real estate moves that we have this year either. So we should be well positioned in 2017 to continue funding M&A with free cash and debt. So those were my comments and another great quarter and an excellent first nine months of the year. Thank you, Pat.
Doug Howell: Yeah, I think on that year-to-date, excuse me the fourth quarter 3.6 number that you threw out there. Remember we did have a big December new business quarter.
Doug Howell: Sounds for the multiple if you look at your year-to-date, we're still about seven times, is a little higher seven, six, I don't see there is are multiple pressure out there or pricing pressure out there, but I think there's a lot of sellers out there that see as that bring substantial capabilities to them that are willing to sell at a fair price. So those are the ones that we're going to be going out. Nice entrepreneurial tuck-in folks that are willing to take a fair price and understand that together we can be better.
Doug Howell: Yes, the uptick from our September 23 guidance and because of the further strengthening of the dollar versus the pound. We do have a little bit of a natural hedge in the U.K. because we had dollar denominated revenues and pound denominated expenses at service those revenues, so that's why we ended up with the minimis amount of impact on our EPS. And I would see right now, I don't know if the pounds going lower or not, but I would say that that trend would continue then that you could have an impact on revenues, but not that much impact on EPS.
Doug Howell: Yes, I think there's a couple things on it, I think it's a great question. If you listen to our September 23 IR Day I got on my eye horse a little bit about supplementals and contingents versus base contingent - base commissions and fees. I think that you should evaluate us using them all inorganic release combined a basin supplemental, because contingents can be a little volatile. Like I said in September, it's important for everybody to understand in one year we may place a piece of - place a policy what a carrier that has a strong base commissions and doesn't pay much in supplementals, the next year that policy might be better for the customer to be placed with another carrier that pays higher supplementals and a lower base or maybe that carrier would pay a contingents to that. We are completely indifferent and how that gets classified in our financial statements as long as we're being compensated appropriately and with full transparency to our clients. We’ve got to do the right thing for our clients first, and we can't worry about where that gets posted in our financial statements. So we have had strong growth in supplementals and contingent. And I think that's basically the carrier’s preference on that rather than paying based commissions at this point.
Doug Howell: Well, I don't see much of a difference in our contingents be getting paid in the first part of 2017 based on our 2016 performance.
Doug Howell: The contingents and supplemental are higher margin for us. How much have they affected us year-to-date, they might have help margins I get a pop in number here and look at it, but may 15 basis points something like that of our 47 basis points margin expansion year-to-date maybe a third of that came from contingents.
Doug Howell: Let me see if I can dig that out, if you go to like I said page five of that commentary sheets sorry that here, the role over impact into next year, right now we've closed deals totaling about $97 million, so I think just what we've got in the pipeline $50 million of it should show up next year plus whatever we close in the fourth quarter will show up also.
Doug Howell: And that's was very important. That's completely transparent with the client and they agree that we can accept that.
Doug Howell: Some of that over and some of that overseas, so I don't want do is repatriate that money to got a lot of acquisition activities overseas so that might be what's causing your - perhaps [indiscernible] inyour model.
Doug Howell: Yeah, that’s a great question. If you recall back in our September 23 IR meeting day, I said that the race is typically get there are given in the latter half of the year, so some of that’s hitting us right now here in the third and the fourth quarter and then we also had benefit expense that we had a little adverse development on our benefit program in really July and August, we didn’t see that in September again, so that’s pressure. Is there overall pressure in the market place? Yes, I think skill positions are expensive, we’re going up in some of the IT’s, security areas and there’s always competition for really good brokerage talents skill. There’s a little wage inflation, we have an opportunity to continue push forward kind of our centers of excellence primarily in India and the Philippines and so we have an opportunity to maybe reduce the impact of the domestic wage inflation by continuing to move offshore to our folks over there. So we have an opportunity to control, but there is a little bit of inflation out there in the market place.
Doug Howell: Yeah, good progress is being made on that. We’re down over 30% in our accounts and we’ve got a list of about another 60 accounts for another maybe 10% that are going to be wound out by the end of the year and then I think most of that by the mid part of next year should done. Part of that is freeing up that excess cash internationally that’s coming from that exercise, so we’re making towards that progress. I was in Glasgow, what we do a lot of that work in September and the team’s got a really good eye to get that done by the mid part of ‘17.
Patrick Gallagher: Yeah, we’re seeing some claim volume growth, but it’s not as strong as it was a year ago. We’ve seen about 1% growth in claims volume or claims activity down from probably 2, 2.5 this time last year.
Patrick Gallagher: Primarily workers comp and I think it - I believe the claim volume is an indicator of economic activity.
Patrick Gallagher: Yeah, sure and I’ve said this many times. Personally, I was not in favor for our country to - I was not a proponent of a volume care, but for companies putting the greatest thing in a room. So it’s helped our merger and acquisition activity and it’s a very, very complicated act and what that does is created an awful lot of consulting opportunities for us, our clients need a lot of help. The exchange is one of the things that we help our clients take a look at as they decide how they’re going to treat their employee base. We look really at what we’re doing from a consulting standpoint as a view of the total rewards that a client is going to use to maintain the employment of their best people. Really when you come down to it, every business is all about people and so you’ve to look at the entire list of benefits that you’re going to provide and then figure out how you’re going to actually work the health insurance into that. So exchange is popular, we’ve got probably about 15% of our clients out there taking a serious look at our exchange and the rest treat their insurance in a more traditional manner.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, domestically we’re seeing a pretty stable market which has been a stable market now for about five years, which is pretty unusual in my carrier and I think it's a very good thing for our clients. The past is hard and soft market cycle that we lived through for the last literally four years that doesn't benefit quiets at all. So today we've got a stable market domestically, a softer market internationally, so what I see is continued international 1% to 2% organic and hopefully closer to 4% to 5% domestically.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, let me be clear about this. First of all, we see three uses of our cash. And we've said this literally for the - more than last decade. The first is we're going to buy brokers. Secondly we're paying dividends. And the third they were introduced to our stock back. So if in fact for whatever reason the acquisition activity slows down and we're going to maintain our pricing discipline around our acquisition activity. Been here before 20 years ago the banks pushed prices always through the roof and we had a bit of a slowdown on acquisition activity while they were doing that. They got their ability [ph] full private equity will eventually as well, but if we have excess cash we will buy our stock back.
Patrick Gallagher: No, I don't think so. I think from an insurance perspective, I think it's going to be pretty much of a nonevent. Now that's early days and obviously we're monitoring all that, and I think that the people in the city of London are very concerned with what this means to the financial world, but from an insurance perspective the expertise is in London people have traded in that with that expertise for 300 years and I don't see it moving.
Patrick Gallagher: I don't - I don't see, I really don't see any reason for anyone to decide that they have to move. That's going to differ by people in different industries, but when it comes to insurance the Lloyds and London insurance community was been incredibly strong before the E.U. and that will be strong afterwards.
Patrick Gallagher: Yeah I'm very bullish on 2017, and you're exactly right Josh, you read my sentence well, finishing up last year I was a little bit concerned and then we ended up and we haven't had an incredible new business quarter in the fourth quarter last year, a really proud of the team. And I see the pipeline we use salesforce.com I can look into that pipeline virtually all our niches are strong, the business, the new business opportunities are strong. Now we're going to close them, we’re going to close it out, but I think 2017 will be another record year.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, in fact Josh, I appreciate the question very much. I'm really proud of our benefits team for how we position ourselves. I think we took a lot of heat two to three years ago about not investing heavily in the technology to create our own exchange. And what we said to the investment community and to our clients at that time is that we're consultants. We're going to use exchanges where they're appropriate for our clients and we're going to have one to two to maybe even more exchanges than that as appropriate for opportunities for clients to deal with their exposures. And we're going to remain consultants we're not going to be a product sales firm, and I think that's really worked out well force, as it were viewed in the market as helping clients sort through all their opportunities. We have a very nice partnership with [indiscernible] and we also have other exchanges that we're working with. And whatever is the most appropriate method of handling the client's exposures in health insurance we're going to bring that to the table, and I think that's the right position for a consultant.
Patrick Gallagher: I'll take those backwards. The answer to your to the second question on the standard carriers inch in and the answer is yes. That puts pressure on us as wholesaler. Retailers are given to want to place their own business if they don't need to wholesaler, so that that's a headwind. You also have the headwind of the property rights, and I don't think Matthew is going to make any difference those rates whatsoever. So we're going to continue to face softness there. And the reason it's growing is because we're just really good at what we do and we're getting a lot more business both from our own retailers as well as people in the field.
Patrick Gallagher: Yeah I think so. We see toward inflation that continues. I don't see frequency going much, automobile is a struggle, every one of our carriers as we meet with them is really shaking their heads at what's going on in the auto world. And it's interesting because what they're finding is they research their data is distracted drivers. We get everybody on their devices out there crashing into each other.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, what we're seeing is, it's the classic litigation environment. I mean, I don't have a percentage to put on it Adam, but the litigation continues to grow and the cost of that litigations are more expensive.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes. Good question. I think that there is two headwinds against our cash flow this year, the integration costs were still there that we recall we did some substantial moves in the U.K as we consolidate operations there and we're doing some big moves here in the U.S. as we have moved into a different Chicago base building. So those costs have forced against cash flow this year, they won't be there next year. So next year we should have substantially more capacity than what you're seeing on the surface this year. I think M&A opportunities there's tons of them there, and we are - again we just want to make sure we're picking the right partners to join us. But like that said there's $250 million worth of deals sitting on the plate right now for the fourth quarter that we can see how and some really nice success with those coming into the first part of the year. Traditionally our first quarter is the smallest. So we could see a little there, but also it depends on how the election goes, you could have a sentiment that moves against capital gain treatment on sale of the businesses, so that’s the case you could get a little bit of a rush to the door by the end of this year are certainly before the legislature gets working next - you can being in January. So I think there's a good opportunities, there's still fair pricing out there, that immense market people are seeing our capabilities, so if we have a little while right now, I wouldn't worry about it long term.
Patrick Gallagher: No I think, I think if you look at my commentary if you go back maybe at the beginning of the year we had $100 million of cash in our balance sheet. We now got $230 million something like that.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I do. I’ll just make a quick comment. Thank you again for being with us this morning. As we’ve done all year and in the past, our focus remains on executing on each component of our value creation strategy. We’re going to grow organically, we’re going to grow through acquiring best of the best brokers, we will improve our quality and our productivity and we’re going to continue to invest in our culture. I’m pleased with the first three quarter of 2016 and I’m excited about wrapping up 2016 and delivering a fantastic year next year 2017. Thank you everyone for being with us this morning. We appreciate it.
