Doug Howell: I think it depends on the recovery pattern. I think there’s still a lot of unemployment in there, and we’re running somewhere in that 5.5% to 6% range right now. We’re going to hold that for the rest of the year. It looks like it could be a pretty good year. So there’s nothing inherently different today in that thinking other than it feels kind of like 2019.
Doug Howell: Right. So there’s a lot to unpack in that. I’ll hit the capacity. We have up to $2.5 billion worth of M&A capacity this year and we’ve got a full pipeline of nice tuck-in acquisitions that are out there. In terms of what comes out of the Aon and Willis opportunity, we read the same things that you’re reading and we just typically don’t comment on acquisitions that we hear about in the papers, but we’ve got $2.5 billion and we like our tuck-in merger strategy.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think, Greg, on that one, in particular, too, is that – and this seems odd for the accountant to say this, but when you – on that deal, it was owned by an industrial conglomerate that really didn’t view brokerage as being its priority, insurance brokerage and I’ve got to say, for the way our sales leadership and our operational leadership came down to Australia, combined with Steve’s relentless focus on sales, we really – it was really the Australia business that needed a positive shot in the arm when it comes to embracing and supporting a sales culture and we think that what works at Gallagher are people that want to come in and sell insurance and we’ve worked hard over the number of years to show that we’re a broker run by brokers and so we like to sell insurance and that is the culture that we think really, really was the secret sauce to taking – it was running negative 7% organic in Australia when we bought it and we think we did a terrific job. It’s posting nice organic year in and year out since that – since we did that.
Doug Howell: There’s nothing noteworthy on 606 in the numbers, what could happen in the future. If you had a substantial recovery in covered lives compared to our estimates – covered lives compared to our estimates today, you could see some upside development in those estimates for the rest of this year. As you know, all that employee benefits business or most of it is a 1/1 renewal. We have to make our estimate of covered lives. And if there was a substantial surge in employment, it would probably pull up those estimates a little bit over the next three quarters as that develops.
Doug Howell: Yes. So our assumptions in the 606 estimates are not substantial recovery in covered lives, different than where our brokers place the business as they put that to rest here in January. So there isn’t a substantial uptick in expectation. Also on that point, remember, that business didn’t fall off the cliff last year because the employers that we do are pretty stable employers and so while we didn’t have a substantial decrease in covered lives last year, and so I wouldn’t expect a substantial recovery of that for the rest of the year. So kind of flat where they renewed is what our expectations were used when we set that reserve – that estimate.
Doug Howell: I mean the workforce talent is coming back, so, I think that’s – and that’s where we excel and that is helping employers with that.
Doug Howell: We didn’t comment but we’re happy to. Not a substantial difference sitting here on April 29, as we saw, let’s say, on March 29. But there is – there are some green shoots. Our consultants are getting some more calls so I think that you’ll see a little bit more active summer and fall.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think there’s a little bit of a crossover here, Mark. As COVID claims started to decline, we started to see regular workers’ comp claim go up. You’ll have a little bit of that in the second quarter but not much. I think the COVID claims are pretty well through our process at this point, and then the regular workers’ comp claims will far exceed that going forward. So that might be what you’re seeing in that number.
Doug Howell: Yes. When you look at the dollar – the year-over-year dollar-over-dollar increases, the dollars are still going up. The rate or the percentage might not be as big because you’re on a bigger base, but there’s still rate increases happening everywhere. Even workers’ comp is getting rate at this point.
Doug Howell: There’s a lot of infrastructure packages out there, and I think that there’s opportunity to realize this process does contribute some pretty good value to the environment. So there’s always hope. If we get an opportunity to – in the infrastructure package or in the tax reconciliation process that might come through, there’s always hope on that.
Doug Howell: Yes, it might be a little thick. I mean a lot of the contingent commissions go to – when it comes to the leadership variable comp, there’s a piece of that that fuels it. So 70% might be a little rich, but some of it, yes, maybe 100 basis points, maybe not 120.
Doug Howell: Probably almost a point from regular trough then – and when you take out the contingents and you can’t take out the margin from that.
Doug Howell: No. I think what I was saying is that in the clean energy segment, you’re going to start seeing $120 million to – $125 million to $150 million of additional cash flows that will come through our cash flow statement. We’ll obviously make sure that we call that out every quarter on how much is that because it’s the rundown of that deferred tax asset that sits on our balance sheet that moves from being a noncash asset into a cash asset. So we’ll make sure we highlight it as we go forward.
Doug Howell: Part of that, though too, is remember, our job is to help our client structure programs that actually mitigate some of the rate increase. It’s hard to mitigate exposure growth unless you want to take more deductibles or lower limits. Rate increases, there’s some – you can do the same thing, but if somebody adds two or three more trucks, you’ve got to insure those other two or three more trucks. So if exposure units overtake the recovery from rate on that, the programs that we designed, you’d see more of that hitting the bottom line. But if it’s just purely rate, you can mitigate some of that through different program structure.
Doug Howell: Well, there’s two different – there’s different pieces and there’s the liability piece and then there’s the medical-only piece in traditional workers’ comp. I think that the longer-tail liability type workers’ comp claim is more profitable to us than just the kind of the recurring medical-only claims, where we’re basically paying the bills on it. So you would see that – you would – the revenues that come off of a liability-related workers’ comp claim would probably exceed the COVID claims.
Doug Howell: I’ll help you think that out a second here as I think that, yes, when you look at our 39.2%, the base should probably start from – you heard the earlier question. We probably got a little lift from contingent commissions in that number, so you want to start off a little bit lower base and let’s say by then, we’re holding half of our savings, long-term savings compared to where we are today. Maybe there’s $30 million worth of costs that are back into the structure by that time and spread that across $1.8 billion or $1.9 billion. That’s probably the right way to think about next year.
Doug Howell: Either way, as long as you understand that last year’s second quarter there was a trough and there will be some recovery out of it this year relative to that quarter, but if you’re basing it off the last two quarters and want to do a run rate that way, it’s probably not a bad way to do it either.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Our clients are doing much better, Elyse. I think they are coming back to 2019, not surging beyond it.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Greg, I’ll take a shot at that. We did the Arrow deal in London in pretty short order. We’re really happy with that acquisition. It turned out to be terrific. We didn’t seem to sacrifice anything.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think in that situation, you had very good strong stand-alone businesses that we could, in fact, get to meet the leadership of. I think you remember the story. We did fly to Australia, met leadership and gave them the choice. They were planning on going public in their own right. We met two leaders with – the entire top leadership. And basically, that evening said, "You’ve got a choice to make. You want to go public on your own or do you want to join us?" Steve Lockwood, who’s still with us, had that decision to make. I think he made a pretty good decision. Things are going great.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Where we see some opportunity to grow back is the fee business. That business was just – it was slammed shut at the end of the first quarter last year and those are projects that need to be done. They need professionals to do them, and I think that there will be some more demand there.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. Let me be real clear, David. I think these players in the market, they want to ignore contracts, lift teams, litigate and call that a cheaper way to get talent. Let me see if I can clean up my comments. I don’t like that. We like to see people that have built companies, entrepreneurial in nature, have a culture, respect their clients, respect their people and sell ongoing enterprises to us. Do we recruit individual people? Absolutely. And do we bring teams across? Yes, we do. But the other method isn’t for us.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, we’re not. I think we’re seeing consistent demand for proper pricing. We’ve been a couple of years now into some hardening numbers. So I do think that over time, that will moderate but we’re not seeing any lack of discipline in the market at this point and underwriters are continuing to ask for increases.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Phil. Well, thank you again, everybody, for being on today this afternoon. We really appreciate it. We delivered an excellent first quarter, and I’d like to thank all of our Gallagher professionals for their hard work, our clients for their trust and our carrier partners for their support. I’m confident that we can deliver another great year of financial performance in 2021 and truly believe we’re just getting started. Thanks for being with us.
Greg Peters: So I just want to turn around the discussion on M&A. Can you go back and revisit sort of the process that evolved and emerged when you guys were doing the JLT global aerospace deal in 2019? Was it a 3-month process? Was it a one-month process? And I guess, ultimately, what we’re getting at is or I’m going with is there’s some pretty strong time line issues with Aon and Willis Towers Watson. And I guess some of your investors might be concerned that you, in an effort to meet their time lines, not that you’re doing anything, but you might sacrifice your due diligence, if that makes sense.
Greg Peters: Okay and so one of the other areas that you referenced is culture. Maybe you can go back to the acquisitions, the large acquisitions you did in New Zealand and Australia and talk to us a little bit how you were able to ensure the continuity of your culture when you’re doing large deals.
Greg Peters: Got it. You know I feel like I’ve hogged enough of your time. I’ll let others ask their questions. Thanks for the answers.
