J. Patrick Gallagher: We think that the rates are going to hold. It's just that simple. market falls out. They won't, market holds the way it is, it will. I'd see all kinds of reasons for it to continue, as laid out in my prepared remarks. But beyond that, you've got a situation where underwriters are not backing off from their need for rate. We're seeing that every single day. We're into the renewals, obviously now deep into the first quarter. And we're not seeing rate relief in any way, shape or form along the lines of what I talked about in my remarks.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Of course, I said we think we have 4 billion to spend over the next couple of years. I think that's almost 2 billion next year and a little over 2 billion in the final year. So we have plenty of free cash to fund acquisition our pipeline. It does get a little slower in the first quarter. There's people that push more to have something done by year end and we have that happen every year. But we're pretty excited about what we're seeing in our pipeline right now.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, great. Let me take the first part of your question. When we get to an actual term sheet, we're usually moving down, especially in our tuck-ins, we're usually moving down a path where we're going to do a deal. And one of the things about our reputation is that we will close. Having said that, over the last two to three years, there's considerably more competition, you can take a $5 million deal today and if it's going to get spreadsheet, there'll be a dozen, really thinking of a dozen bids. So we are really trying hard to make sure that all of our new partners are excited about what the future provides being part of Gallagher, which quite honestly, we think is substantially better and more exciting than our private equity competitors. But that doesn't diminish the fact that they're good competitors and they're smart people. And they're well funded. So I don't have a number for you specifically, I can't say, oh, yeah, we closed 32% of the ones that we finally get to. We don't keep the records that way. I don't do that. But anecdotally, I'll tell you that we should close more than half of the ones that we get to we have a signed term sheet, while I will take it back, we should close 90% of the ones where we have a signed term sheet, 10% will slip out of the net. And where we're preparing term sheets, we should close about half of those.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, Greg, this is Pat. Normally for 20 years, and there's never been a time in that period where I've been as bullish as I am today. I mean, everything, everything is going our way. So let me try not to spend 20 minutes answering your question here. But let's start with the fact that we've never been stronger. Vertical capabilities are absolutely critical. Data and analytics are absolutely critical. When you take a look at the volumes that we now have that we can do the data and analytics around we can tell you what's happening by day with rates and renewals or what have you. 10 years ago, we flew blind totally on that customer asked why do I have even know I've got a good deal with the rate environment going like it is. We can show them what's happening to the rates by line, by geography and why they have a good deal. And that type of question is getting asked right into the middle market. And over 90% of the time when we compete, we compete with a smaller competitor. That's why these people are selling to private equity. That's why these roll ups are working. And I'm telling you it's unbelievable the opportunity we have right now. So I see this is the greatest buying opportunity in the last five years.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, let's start with inflation. You've done all your actuarial work at a 2% inflation rate. And now it's six. Oh, yeah, that was a blip on the radar, was going to be gone by now. I guess that's not going to happen. Secondly, let's look at last costs. What does it cost to build a house today? Well, we got it done for $200 a square foot a few years ago, certainly isn't that now. And I could go on and on and on. I mean, the level of nuclear, the number of nuclear settlements. The other thing too is, I've been saying this now for years, I think it's more true than ever. Our underwriters or our underwriting partners are very, very smart. And they've got incredible data and analytic skills. They know where they're making money in that 88% everywhere around the world every day and they know where they're not making money. And you walk in and start talking about a deal that you want to broker, it's something that's going to be substantially less than they know, they'll get or deserve. They're just not buying it.
J. Patrick Gallagher: This is not a hard market is, it was in the middle 80s where everything goes up, you know that work comp was flat, through most of this adjustment work comp is now up. As work comp comes up a little bit professional liability is going through the roof. Cyber is almost unbreakable. So you sit there and you look at this. These carriers are looking line by line, geography by geography and from our perspective, daily placing accounts, we are not seeing them lose discipline.
J. Patrick Gallagher: What we say that -- listen we think that there's a case that we can do better next year on organic than we have. We did this year if the economy accelerates exposure units grow the pent-up demand for goods and services increase, supply chains, get back to normal. Yes, your implication that question is right.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. We feel really good about the team. We're onboard just over a little bit over a month, almost two months now. And as we said in our prepared remarks, the team's coming together extremely well. With a good strong January 1, and we brought $745 million of revenue and 265 million of EBITDAC, and that's still looking good.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Absolutely, that's something if we have excess capital, we'll want to make sure that we maintain our solid investment grade rating, right? Absolutely, look at share repurchases and dividends.
J. Patrick Gallagher: The answer to your question is yes. And the driver is very simple, profitability on contingents, and revenue growth, premium growth on supplementals. And both of those should be impacted nicely by inflation, growing premiums and profitability.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all, yeah, I can do that, Greg. The proof has been in the pudding with smart market. You were there when we started it. And to be perfectly blunt, there was some skepticism for all kinds of reasons around whether or not data and analytics being sold to insurance companies was really worth it. Okay, that question has been answered. It's very well accepted. It's now being utilized in RPS been utilized across our Gallagher global brokerage operation, including locations outside the United States, Canada, and U.K., et cetera. So it's getting very broad recepients across more than probably 15 to 20 carriers today.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And it's been very, very good for our people to tie closer to the insurance companies and we're generating about $25 million of income from that. So it's been a win-win for everybody.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Right. It's just it's not about talking margin strategy, acquisition strategy. You are right. They don't grow to the moon and more importantly, what does the client demands from us that require us to continue to make investments. It's not there and 100% yet, but clients are becoming more demanding. And in order for us to compete in post that stellar organic growth, we need to make investments in the business. So I don't have an answer for you. But when we do, we will announce.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, one of the things I'm very proud of Derek is, we are one of the -- we're probably the only significant broker that still is very comfortable paying our producers on a formula that pays them a percentage of their book. And that's very competitive with the local brokerage community. So think about it this way. Where do you want to sell from what platform, a platform that gives you the kind of data and analytics that we've got that has the relationships that we've got, that has the global reach that we've got? Or what would you like to do it from the Jones agency in Alsip, Illinois, hope there isn't one there. But the fact is, we're happy to have you come aboard and pay you a percentage. So really, a big part of our benefits and comp expense for producers is self-generated and self-regulated.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, also you've heard now everywhere agile work, agile work, work from home. We've been agile and how we work with our workforce for the last 25 years. So pre-pandemic probably 50% of Gallagher Bassett's entire field force was at home. So, this is not new territory for us. We listen to the employees. We want people to stick around. As Doug said, our retention rates and our turnaround rates are no different than they were pre-pandemic. So the great recognition hasn’t hit Gallagher yet.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I’m sorry, I’m too much of an optimist. But I look at the stimulus bill is coming out of Washington DC. The kind of money that’s going to flow into infrastructure. Every contractor and our book of business is going to be loaded up with work. Every single personal lines account all the way through small commercial, it’s a large commercial has got significant increases that they need in their -- in the cost of their property portfolio. Payrolls are up as you mentioned earlier Derek from just the whole employment situation and all of that. There is not an industry that I can think of that benefits more than the insurance brokerage business from a nice little touch of inflation. Hold all tickets.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, thanks everybody. I appreciate you being here today. Thanks for joining us. As you all know we delivered an excellent fourth quarter and full year 2021. I would like to thank our colleagues around the globe for such an outstanding year. Our results were direct reflection of their efforts. We look forward to speak with you again in our March Investor Meeting. And have a good evening. Thank you very much.
Doug Howell: I still think there's a lot of pent-up exposure unit growth that still to come. We think there's inflation sitting there. We think that there's a need for our benefit consulting advice, more and more. We think that wholesaling markets are becoming tough and harder to find placements. We think there are more accelerators when it comes to that then there are maybe a slight, 0.5 point pullback in what the underwriters are asking for in re that far overshadows it.
Doug Howell: In terms of the multiple Greg. Yes, the multiples ticked up a little bit, not as much as what our multiple has. So there's still a terrific arbitrage there. But also, you have to realize the growth rates that drive those multiples have gone up quite a bit, too. So I think there's justification for higher multiples. But we're still buying in that eight to 10 range when it comes to tuck-in acquisition. It's a pretty good run rate versus our trading multiple of 15, 16, 17.
Doug Howell: I think, Greg, there's also some things, x cat, x reserve releases, I think, and then the prospect of just inflation just have a reserve be coming in, let's say just 10% more than what the original estimate was. That's a huge difference on a combined ratio. So I think that the -- I'm not challenging the health of the insurance companies. I think they've got their rates where they think they need them right now. I don't know if there's a case that would say that they're too high. I think the case wouldn't be say more so that they're too low. And I just don't see when the courts open up, you're going to see more unfortunately   losses that are just the current picks, while the best information they have right now are just too low. So I think there's not a case for cutting rates by any means. There's a case for continued increase in rates. And I just -- everything that we look at . There'll be interesting when other books get filed.
Doug Howell: All right, thanks. First of all, said 34 is pretty darn good. I mean, when you look across the brokerage space, we're pretty proud of that margin and I have ever been here 18 plus years, it wasn't that way that that long ago. So you got to be pretty proud of that number compared to the industry. Second of all, yes, 34%. The reason why we don't round it even more is because we don't have a crystal ball. We also have FX adjustments that will come true. Yes, we could change that number slightly as with our international business over the next year. But what we're saying right there, just like we said in the commentary at 7%, we've got a decent chance of holding those margins we really think we do. At 8%, we could see a little bit more, over 8%, maybe a little more than that. So I wouldn't read a rounded 34% with all those factors as being an indicator that we're pegging exactly 33.9 like we have this year, but 34 is greater than 33.9. And then, when you roll in the reinsurance operations, you could get a little bit more left than that. So I would say would not read too terribly much into it.
Doug Howell: Okay. So first of all, let's break that down. There's the components of new lost opt-in, when customers opt-in for more coverages opt out when customers opt out because they want to control their budget for insurance spends and you got the impact of rate. So the fact is, is that we believe we're -- if you break that 8% down, let's just say that a third of it comes because we're just selling more business and we have before versus what we're losing. I think there's probably a third of that number that's coming from exposure, and a third of its coming from rate. So you've kind of got all three of them there. What's interesting on a multi-year impact is that customers can opt -- come up with -- we can help our customers come up with creative ways to mitigate the rate increases as their exposures grow, which we see is happening more and more over the next couple of years. It's harder to opt out of exposures. If you had 20 trucks and now you got to insure 22 of them. You can't just not insure two trucks. If you have a 20% increase in premiums, maybe you take a higher deductible, or you take less limits on it, and you can kind of opt out of the rate increases. But as we see exposure units fueling that organic growth going forward, top that off with rate increases that mix of -- I think would toggle probably more to exposure, more than net new wins and maybe less impact from rate as we continue to grow. As you push 10% of organic growth, it's going to be exposure unit driven.
Doug Howell: Actually 7, if you pick, I'm just saying you have to make the pick. If you're picking 8%, next year 7, and I said it's about a point lower in the first quarter, that 7% is probably the number that you get to. If you pick 6%, I don't think that it would have that big of an impact on you. So what I said in my comments was about a point lower than the full year average. So that's what I would say it's just cautioning that business. doesn't grow as fast as our PNC right now.
Doug Howell: I don't see us backing off of going towards that metric, regardless of what happens with an extension or not. So an answer to your question, we're going that route. We've done a lot of work on it. We think it's consistent with what other brokers are doing. And so we're pretty comfortable with going that route. What happens with an extension? I think it's going to be in the spring, we think that Congress has woken up to the fact that this technology provides a terrific benefit to our environment. So we hope that they see their way cleared, finding a spot and a bill to include it.
Doug Howell: Yes, I think so. I listen, we posted $97 million of after tax earnings on it. The pick would be 80 million more not 40, not 50. But there will be some plants that won't start up. They were planned to be decommissioned, made a whole location as being decommissioned. So I wouldn't see it as being as high as it was in. We had a terrific year, one of our best years ever and I just don't see that happening again, if it restarts. And clearly you'd have from the restart date to but if we don't get a -- if it's retroactive, these have been idled. They're sitting there. It's not like we can go back and produce credits in January, February and March but doesn't get passed until April.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think let's make sure I can restate and go to page six of the CFO commentary we provided a grid that shows the fourth quarter acquisition activity. I would I understand your question there, how much of that line adds up and then subtract up to 745. And the 745 is in that line, including what other acquisitions we did during the fourth quarter for the vast majority of it. I'd have to do that add up while we're on the phone here.
Doug Howell: Let me restate that. We have a separate line for the reinsurance acquisition. I just didn't have my glasses on here. So we have other fourth quarter acquisitions in the line above it. So take a look at that.
Doug Howell: And then, also they added value that we bring through our smart market through our advantage products, where we really can help match our customers need to the carrier's appetite for risk. We're getting continued momentum on that, Greg, you've been around a lot. And so it's -- we're continuing to add value in the relationship with our carriers. And they recognize it. So your statement, there is right. It should continue to grow as business becomes more positive, should all benefit from that.
Doug Howell: Yes. Think about when we think back to our IR days that we talked about. Here we speak not mostly about our -- initially about our U.S. business and the things that we've done in our U.S. business and in terms of carrier relations in terms of our core 360 platform, our use of offshore centers of excellence. And then, how we're bringing that to Canada, Australia, New Zealand, the U.K. retail, now into some of the other retail locations as we take minority positions perhaps in Europe. This is an example of how a seed planted and developed here in the U.S. can be spread around the world and vice versa. There are techniques around the world that we bring back to the U.S. So, Greg, you're right at the  , yes, this is something we're proving out and rolling out around the world. And that's why when we talk about retail around the world, it all looks the same with different nuances by country.
Doug Howell: Well, I think there's a difference between non-discretionary margin expansion and discretionary margin contraction. I think that scale has its advantages, there are limits to scale and all the product of organic, I think, just  would be very happy if we can somehow post 9% organic growth for the rest of our lives and have just incremental margins. And that's a pretty good story.
Doug Howell: And our middle office layer and our back office layer, as you know, we've made substantial investments in standardizing our process and using our offshore centers of excellence. As a result of that, 17 years ago, we made a decision that we could raise our quality and reduce our costs. And it's actually helping us a little bit of an inflation hedge. I'll tell you, we've been taking care of our employees. We gave a sizable raise pool this year. We gave raises even in the depths of the pandemic. Bonuses, we've been fair, these people have earned them, they've earned their raises. The raises are not as a result of -- because of we feel like we've got to hold our people, our culture holds our people. The raise is what recognize their contribution to what we've been doing. So Deming said the best is you can't have low cost without high quality. And we've worked for years on raising our quality and it's reducing our costs. It's also making our folks more effective. We have 20,000 people that do service plus another 6000 in India that get up every day and want to do a great job for our clients. So we pay them well. Our retention is as good today as it was pre-pandemic. So I think that our workforce is well-positioned for right now. So we're proud of our workforce and we've recognized our workforce and I think they deserve to be recognized on that. And despite that our volumes are helping us, and our scales helping us, our technologies are helping us, control press the numbers but those people that are here get paid very well.
Greg Peters: I'm just teasing. So let's see, I had a question about the M&A. And I was looking in the CFO commentary on page three. And of course, Pat, you always give us a view on term sheets, outstanding, et cetera. So, two-part question. When you give us term sheet numbers, the number of term -- sheets that are out there, and then ultimately, to close, can you talk about how that ratio, the close rate has changed over the last two or three years? And then, secondly, on page three of the supplement Doug, you drop in, you give us the quarterly weighted average multiple of EBITDAC tuck-in. And it's definitely trending up. So I'm just curious about your views there.
Greg Peters: Got it out. I guess, a follow up question. It's been a rough start to the year for the market. And for the insurance brokerage stocks and your stock too is traded off a little bit. And it feels like at times, some are speculating that the best for their brokerage space is in the rearview mirror. Yet, the rhetoric from you, Marsh and Brown & Brown are directly polar opposite, it seem to map out a pretty optimistic future. So I guess I'm just trying to gauge what your perspective is on the market, considering that the stock market certainly doesn't seem to appreciate what you guys are doing at this moment in time.
Greg Peters: Well, I like the idea of putting 9% organic and margin expansion in my model for the next five years, so go get them Tiger.
