Patrick Gallagher: Well, Elyse, this is Pat. I think it's pretty earlier in the game right now. These processes are still very fresh and one thing we know from the past is awful lot of the modeling firms those models don't necessarily hold up when it comes to these catastrophes. So we don't know. I think right that $100 billion is somewhere close to what realty will be. There is plenty of capacity beyond that, but we are seeing people already talking to our folks in particular around catastrophe exposed properties. It's not across the board, but they say look need increases and it's reasonable. We got about 23 quarters by our estimate of decreasing property rates and that was I mean that was fair because the clients really want putting a bunch of loses into the market. So to see something on the order of 5 to 15 to 20 wouldn't be unreasonable.
Patrick Gallagher: Rates have been decreasing slightly over the past year plus. Loss ratios are up, and contingence are contingent and, so I think that as you go into next year, we will have to see what - the capacities themselves are not going to have huge pyramid, they may in their whole sale side, but across the PC operation globally shouldn't be a bigger impact, but if rates don't firm [ph] or at least hold stable loss ratios rolls high and there will be pressure on contingent.
Patrick Gallagher: That's a great question Kai and one of the things we realize is we probably got about 12 to 13 years of new hirers that have never had to take a price increase to a client. We brought in terms and reduced prices. So one of the things we are doing is putting out into the field some real training those are sort of little longer truth of been through a poor hard markets and nothing makes a client more unhappy than a surprise. So the idea that pricing is likely to move around these catastrophes and again being able to explain to a client that for 23 quarters we brought it cheaper prices which he deserved balance sheets were flush. Now you are going to have a hundred plus billion-dollar payout. It makes some sense. By the way pricing and catastrophe exposed areas of Florida at July first renewals were about equal to or less than 1992 when Andrew hit so to go back and say you know what it's time to reload these balance sheets in a 5% to 15% increase is not unwanted. You got to get out from that early because if you are surprise a client they are not happy, and we don't have people who had been trained in this so we working on it really hard.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes definitely. There is no question about it. There is nothing better than consternation in the market for our professionals to go out and solve some problems.
Patrick Gallagher: No, I think what you got is a different market than we have seen - yeah, I have through four market cycles and had been the same since 2005. I think that the general market cycle is dead. I think you are going to have many market cycles based on lines coverage. So workers comp is soft, rates are going down make sense. The clients are better. Property looks like it's probably go up a bit. We got transportation, trucking and automobile it's definitely going up. So I think by-line across the board rates are going to move based on basically what needs to happen on that line. So I do not believe that higher prices on property especially when it comes to Catastrophe [ph] exposed property are going to have any impact on casualty at all.
Patrick Gallagher: Tremendous opportunities you know go back to 2014 and I think basically everybody was kind of had a wait and see add it to around whether Gallagher could truly integrate and have operations in New Zealand and Australia, Canada and the U.K. Those people are all aboard. We just finished our engagement serving globally with 93% participate and taking our survey. 95% of the people had answered the surveys and they understood the Gallagher are cultured to be unique and important and that's across those geographies and so the name is getting out there more and more tuck in acquisitions are that the pipeline is growing and is solid in every one of those locations. So we are seeing opportunities in New Zealand, Australia, Canada, the U.K. and Latin America and of course in the United States is very robust.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, clearly, we have in fact sold more insurance around the fact that rates have decreased over that period of time. People have extended both their limits and what they are buying one of the greatest examples of course is Cyber and I think you could see some cut tax. There are some clients that will say simply I paid excess zero in pay and tax this year. You tell me we are having a cut back. But I don't see that be in a predominant thing especially when you think about first of all your [ph] exposed property is one line of cover in a multi-line coverage of map. And if that goes up 5 to 15% its' not really impacting whether you want the causality limits at a 150 or a 100. I don't see that. So there could be some pressure, but I think that careers seem to be very reasonable in the approach we are taking now. After 2001 that was our last need jerk full on hard market. So it's been sixteen years and that's not over seen here.
Patrick Gallagher: I don't know if I would say it is a tougher legal environment. I have been around since as best as started really raised ugly had and exceed TEs going raise its ugly head and I think that the plan of as far as pretty good finding places to go so I wouldn't call it any tougher I just say its continuing to be a very look - just the United States in pick to its location.
Patrick Gallagher: I think we are right now, our net debt to - adjusted that is probably about the same Adam, we have been running 25 and 26 on a covenant basis and that's been pretty steady on an adjusted basis in fact, so I don't know exactly what you are looking it might be the way you are detecting some of the cashes on the balance sheet. I don't know if you're picking up respecting cash or not, but I can tell you that we have been pretty steady right now and on a covered basis we feel investment grade to somewhere between 2.5 times to 2.8 times and that's what or about we would like to be.
Patrick Gallagher: Yeah and as you know it's very hard to find that from the GAAP cash flow statement, but yes obviously our cash flow is up substantially we are on integration is behind us building that new office building is done in behind us and this is cash flows off the businesses we grow more or up. So yeah, we are substantially stronger cash flow today. Now operating cash flows grown just nicely with respect to organic I mean as we grow organically our cash flows here as we expand margin our cash flow, but kind of one timers that have been that we have been spending cash on behind us at this point.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, organically for the quarter we're about 2%. As we said, we had some stuff that sort of moved to the fourth quarter. So organically we're doing well. The consternation around the ACA is both good and bad for Gallagher. The confusion and the compliance requirements are good for Gallagher because we are out consulting with our clients. The bad news is that the confusion in the compliance drag our people away from just going out and knocking on doors and getting business. So it's a plus and a minus. Overall, I would the ACA is a big plus for Gallagher because it is complicated and now you've got the President basically saying that subsidies to insurance carriers are going to be withheld. You got insurance carriers that are basically committed to rates for 2018. You got all kinds of compliance rules around the carriers' loss ratios and things like that that are kind of influx and it's creating a bunch of consternation, which I think will flow through the next year depending on what happens with whether or not the subsidies are in fact killed, which will put immense stress on the whole system a year from now. So it's good for Gallagher then.
Patrick Gallagher: Bob, I think the main thing right now that I'm concerned about is making sure that the people who've joined over the 12 years really get out in front of their clients. Again, I don't think it's jolting hard market somewhere to 2001 and 2011, but any kind of price pressure on the upwardly mobile price, we got to be out explaining to clients why it's happening. Now, memories get really short, so everybody that survived a hurricane or a huge flood this month, they're shaking their head I get it. By April, they're going to be saying, what are you talking about, you're bringing a rate increase. So you got to be out talking to those April renewals and those July renewals now and that's a training exercise Bob. And I don't think it's big enough to say that what we do is take this - I'm not looking at this as a windfall, but definitively I'm looking at it as something that really - we have to just take a moment and make sure people can explain why the market is dynamic. And our people are smart people and by the way our buyers are smart people, they'll get it.
Patrick Gallagher: That's actually a really, really good point. I would hope that we would see some increased opportunities around the fact that our competition in particular this month - and you know this. We now measure, and we know that 90% of the time when we go out to compete on an account, we're competing with a smaller broker. So this is our opportunity to go out and say, hey, we really could help you navigate this market. There's a change in market, we're very good at this, we're one of the largest property placers in the excess and surplus markets, we know what we're doing, we've got the guns, let us help you.
Patrick Gallagher: Depends on how much capital flows in. If the whole bunch of capital moves to Bermuda and starts taking CAT risk, it will slop in quickly.
Patrick Gallagher: So first of all Promise is absolutely right on it. By the way we're the largest MGA in the United States, so that's really an important market for us and those programs are critical to us. But again remember, this market is not - this is not a major across the board. All ships are raising on high tide this is catastrophe exposed property that had a bad ninety day this is going to need to have some balance replenishment. This is not a threat to the industry in terms of the size of the loss its putting a capital repair and we are not seeing stress on our MGAs that outside the cared property market at all. So the answer to your question is yes, in fact what you said occurred we are across all the whole MGA book. Things gone withdrawn and our capacity got withdrawn that would be pretty dramatic. But that's not what is happening.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes, we see that as a huge opportunity for us in fact we had a project to put for the last 24 months importantly on a globally basis looking at how we service and changes the way we service small business. From doing it the way we had our middle market and upper middle market business in the very specific service centers that will do it better with a higher level of quality and will allow us to drive substantial margins which we will then invest in the marketing around and really try to drive small business into the company. We think there is a tremendous opportunity in small business. And that is both on a benefits and property casualty basis on a global basis. So - these efforts are put in Canada, the United States, Australia, New Zealand and the U.K.
Patrick Gallagher: Let me make just a quick closing comment. I want to thank you again for being with us this afternoon. In closing I am extremely pleased with our 2017 performance thus far and I believe we will have a very strong finish to the year. And we look forward to speaking with you again in January and thank you all for being with us this evening. Thank you, Karen.
Doug Howell: No, let's clarifying. I said that we are pricing if we had 3.5 points of margin - 3.5 points of organic in the fourth quarter we probably could post about 30 basis points of margin expansion, so I was just giving the sensitivity of flat 3 points probably not much margin expansion of that - if 4 points may be a little bit more. So that was the context of that. I wasn't really prognosticating on what the fourth quarter organic would be for right now, it feels a lot like the second and third quarter.
Doug Howell: I think that it is one of those things that last year maybe I think all of 2017 we might end up getting a head win from weight of maybe a half a point to a point. So if you think the mixture feels a lot like this, maybe you would see it go up another half a point to a point.
Doug Howell: Yeah, in this quarter in particular as a couple of million bucks in our wholesale operations domestically on a couple of our programs not related to the catastrophes. just on some of these general liability line and some of the loss of our property line in insurance parts and primarily casualty lines and so that's why we said the domestic wholesale is about flat this quarter and that's also the reason why contingents are about flat.
Doug Howell: Yeah, I think we have said that were pretty close to steady stay most of plants are putting production and our programs got in out of four years running on it, so we are pretty close to steady state on that. Obviously, there is an administrative favorability to call right now. So hopefully the plants will run little bit more than we originally projected but right now we see it flat up just lightly.
Doug Howell: Late in the fourth quarter we should some idea and certainly early in the first quarter. Clearly there will be movement by quarter because it will level out some of the seasonality that's been in our business, but what the actual impact is on four-year results, we are still working on that.
Doug Howell: About 300 million between Australia and New Zealand and we are seeing pricing increase down there around 5% or a little bit more. I think the real spark in what's happening down there is that we have been together now for three years and I think that they are seeing that the sales and service model is helping them sell more customers to so it's not just a rate story down there.
Doug Howell: You know our standard answer on that is that it pretty tough to show any margin expansion should have got more than 3% organic growth. I think that we have only talk about how we are starting to have some of our other locations like Australia, Canada and the U.K. come on to our service platform that will provide a little bit of lift next year, but remember even if we got to the optimal point we are talking about 25 to $30 million extra of the EBITDA from those location. So on from that stand point that can certainly handle up and add a lot more weight I think that we can be in a position of sixteen thousand associates now, maybe fifteen thousand associates in two years even. So I think that we got the capabilities there, there are some pretty exciting stuff that we are doing them internally with lot of what you might refer to as in short or service and, so I think there is lot sum of opportunity there for us still to get better. And more important our quality at every point we are measuring quality and that's something that we absolutely know is very hard to we are working on that for 12 years now.
Doug Howell: Thanks, Ryan. Operator Our next question comes from Adam Klauber of William Blair. Please proceed with your question.
Doug Howell: Yeah. I don't know over the frequency of severity issue on that had better question for the carriers that really deep knowledge on what's coming in on the client side, but I am not seeing any run-away supplements happening so if it's anything it's a frequency issue. In the frequency issue would be triggered by economic growth because more things happen, more things can go bad. So it is the frequency lead charge that economically driven if that is necessarily because of the legal environment.
Doug Howell: Yeah, I think one of the things Mark, just look at it this way. The capabilities that we have in our Gallagher Benefit services unit, the consulting capabilities and the tools that they have really allow us to distinguish ourselves and throughout they're competing and many times substantially smaller than us. The smaller a benefits broker, doesn't have any other resources capabilities or the expertise that we have and eventually they have to make choice, either they sell to us and join us because they want our resources, or they watch for clients eventually come our way. And so I think that scale matters in this, expertise matters, and lot of these small benefit brokers are terrific field folks, they've got great relationship with their customers and so as a result of that they look to us to join through mergers because they know that we can be better together. So there's that opportunity for us as a broker that's growing substantially to bring out more smart people that really are good benefit folks and just want our capabilities. So to me I see there's a positive on that side when you look at the M&A aspect of it.
Doug Howell: In '17 we'll probably end up about 50 basis points in organic as a result of rates. Last year it was more like a 4 point in '16, so I think -
Doug Howell: No, just a reminder guys they've got. There were interesting things, we'll make sure when a lot of customers are shown up to rate increases, I think that they may - people have a tendency to shop more when the prices are growing up and I think that lets our folks get in there and demonstrate our capabilities from somebody that's been opening up their mail and getting price decreases for 10 years. Also now, they'll take that appointment, so you'll see that happening, so we got to protect those - to well inform them and for those other brokers out there that are sleep at the wheel, that's our opportunity coming and showing our ways and they are terrific capabilities and our clients will really like to see.
Kai Pan: Thank you and good afternoon. By the way thank you for moving - making this call this afternoon making our life a little easier tomorrow morning.
Kai Pan: Okay that's great. And then just two quick follow up for Doug and one is on the clean curve and do you have sort of indication what is 2018 going to be like - they higher than the current levels or going to be sort of you will reach a steady stay levels.
Kai Pan: Thank you for the follow up. Just a larger picture question and you know you are traditionally having focused on the into market clients, do you have a small basis insurance clients and how do you serving, how you have you been serving, and do you see that as a close of 20 for you because there is a lot of talk about that in the market place.
