Doug Howell: So listen, I think we posted 9.6% this quarter, and I think that we’re guiding upper 8% to 9%. I wouldn’t call that a deceleration. I think that there is a reality, looking towards where we were in third and fourth quarter, as the compares get a little more difficult to have. But I don’t know if I’d use the word deceleration, but I think it’s pretty close.
Doug Howell: Let me take the investment income for our fiduciary funds that we keep on hand. We would think that a 1 point rise in interest rates would be about another $40 million a year of investment income versus what we’ve been showing so far. That might tick up a little bit more as we get reinsurance completely rolled into our books. In terms of what that means in terms of other pressures inside of our organization, we’re just not all that sensitive to interest rates internally in our operating model.
Doug Howell: Mark, I can give you the answer on the – if you have a follow-up with that, then I’ll come back to that.
Doug Howell: Sure. Yes. And let me throw in too is that we’re – I went back while you were doing that. I looked at in first quarter of 2019, we posted 35%. And this is where the supplement really helps so that we post, not the CFO commentary but the 5-year supplement we put out there, we posted 35.6% EBITDAC margin in first quarter of ‘19. And this quarter in the Brokerage segment, we’re at 39.8% so we’re up 420 basis points. If we hit our target this year of being up 10 to 20 basis points for full year, we’d be up 540 basis points over 2019. So it’s 180 basis points of margin expansion a year over the last 3 years, each year, 180 basis points. And truly, our reinsurance business is rolling in. While seasonally a little better this quarter, when you put full year and it’s not all that different than our combined brokerage operation margins. So the margin story we believe is pretty darn good. And when we’re running somewhere around 34 points of margin for full year, if we hit our targets this year, that’s pretty darn good versus the 28 and change in 2019.
Doug Howell: Yes, so a couple of things. We look at daily endorsements, cancellations, audits, we get that as a daily feed. And this was the biggest month of positive audits that we’ve seen. And again, that’s historical. That’s a rearview mirror metric, but I’m not seeing that trail off at all. So I’m not seeing any early signs of a recession to happen because the first thing a customer will do is they’ll ring up the phone and they’ll adjust their expected payrolls down. So we’re not seeing that. We’re not seeing it in our exposure unit and our rate monitoring the deal. We look at renewals every day also. So we’re just not seeing it happen. But what we’ve proven throughout the COVID is that we’ve got a pretty resilient model that we have a lot of levers to pull should we get into a situation where growth becomes more difficult. And I think that we’ve proven we can do that. So we think the model is resilient. We think that inflation is going to help us on the top line when it comes to revenues for the business that’s there. But we do have levers that we can pull in order to help us get through a recession.
Doug Howell: Listen, it generates a lot of cash. It’s like I say around here, I don’t make the money, I just count it and there is a lot of it coming in.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think that our cautious guidance in January and then again in March really was talking about the fact that we’re not getting rate lift from workers’ comp, which is heavier in the first quarter. And then also, you’re not really seeing rate and benefits yet now it’s interesting since that guidance there is medical inflation that’s coming back fast and furious. And I think that give us another quarter on that, and we might become a little bit more bullish because I think that – and of course, that will eventually translate into workers’ comp too, absent of any frequency declining or holding in there. But I think our cautiousness on the benefits business might have been overly cautious. But again, we just need to see another quarter of that before we get into a position of declaring that there is true medical inflation that’s going to affect next year’s growth, too. But I don’t see it as a headwind. I see it as a tailwind to our organic.
Doug Howell: I think an answer to that is – yes, let’s clarify. I think that first quarter is already seasonally the smallest when it comes to M&A. It’s historically been that 5 years out of the last 6 years. So, I think there is just a natural little push towards year-end and then there is a little pause in the first quarter. So, I think there could be a rebound in opportunities through the rest of the year. If those rebounds don’t materialize and we are not seeing opportunities for it, then our next place that we would go is to make sure that our debt is clearly within an a solid investment-grade rating and then use it for stock buybacks next and then maybe even consideration on the dividend. So, those are the three or four things that we are seeing how is deal flow look, next thing is what do we do with the excess cash as the deal flow isn’t there, and we will stack that up to controlling the debt, for sure, then making sure that we are positioned well to buy back stock or do dividend increases.
Doug Howell: Yes, I can give you some numbers behind that flavor is that – and I will give it to you is net new. Our net new was over 5% this quarter, if you control for those people that put on a different jersey before we bought it. And our overall organic is nicely, let’s call it, 8% first quarter plus or minus a point. So organic, really I got to give it to the team for what they went through for 3 years for them to be out there battling the way to have holding their clients, writing new business, I mean it’s really a terrific story. So, when you are posting organic nicely in that upper-single digits after what they have been through, I couldn’t be more pleased with the team.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think that we are just a little reluctant right now to push that up when it really comes down to it. I think that there is a lot of things that we would really like to do. And I will segue into some of the exciting stuff. When you look at what’s going on with – and you listen to our March, our late quarter IR Day. We talk about all the great things we are doing in the business. When you look at what’s going on with our electronic delivery platform, when you are looking at the automation that we are doing that we are writing 6,000 policies a month with hardly anybody involved on cyber, the Gallagher Drive, the Advantage program, the smart market. And then you look at the advertising and the brand building that we are doing and spending money on that systems. We are spending money on hardening the environment and delivering more point-of-sale capabilities to the sales force. When you look at all those things, posting another 10 basis points, 20 basis points, 30 basis points of margin expansion on top of already posting 540 basis points of expansion since 2019, we would just like to spend a little money this year. When you get to 2023, as a lot of this levelizes between the pandemic and between – and the roll-in of the reinsurance M&A, you might see a little bit more expansion in that if we are still posting in that 9% range. But right now, this is a great opportunity for us to invest in the future organic growth of the company. So, that’s where we are on it. You want to call that voluntary spend, call it, voluntary spend, but it’s not must spend.
Doug Howell: Yes. I can’t predict the trickle-on effect. But remember, we are primarily in the UK. We do have inflow from the rest of Europe. Not heavily based in by any means in Eastern Europe. So, we don’t have that. And I think at one point, we looked at and our inflows from Europe might have been in that $40 million range in total revenues. So, if you think about it in the context of what it means to Gallagher, if all of Europe would stop sending any business to London, it’s $50 million of lost revenue to us. And pushing $8 billion of revenue as a total organization, we would feel it, but it wouldn’t register at all.
Doug Howell: Well, I think rates might be fueling that just a little bit more, but we probably need a little more time to peel that apart. We will see if I can give you something, and get back together in June on that. But right now, rates probably used to be a third, a third, a third, and I think rates might be more 40% than, 30%, 30%, something like that.
Doug Howell: I think we will be somewhere nicely in the 18% for full year. So, I think that if we post three quarters of 19%, we will claw back into that $17.3 million for this quarter. And again, we get an unusual legal settlement probably once every 4 years, 5 years. So, it’s unfortunate it happened this quarter, but that business is really doing well.
Doug Howell: Yes. I would technically have an impact. If we don’t reach some of our milestones in it, that loss of $10 million over the course of the year, yes that might have a – it would have an impact on it.
Doug Howell: I will add to it, though the thirst for information from our reinsurance partners is there. And if we can bring them the information that they are looking for that maybe they haven’t been able to get in the past. I believe that, that will help them attract more new clients and perhaps broaden out the book of business they are doing with their existing clients. I do believe that our ability to provide real-time data like we do for our retail business to them, a compelling advantage for them in the marketplace.
Doug Howell: Well, one of the things I would like to say about it is that we have been investing in these technologies all along the way. So, we are talking about investing in another $3 million or $4 million or $5 million a quarter. I mean this is a smart market advantage, better works 360, all the things that we are doing, we are continuing to invest in them, and we really didn’t slow that down much. It’s the incremental spend on them to make them even better and more competitive. That’s what we want to do. I mean if you looked at our GB go, I am just talking in the risk management right now, what they can do to adjust a claim on your phone with you, track it, monitor it, help you get back to work, it’s impressive. So, these are the type of enhancements that we have on the table how do we make that better, how do we make Gallagher Drive better. Right now, RPS has 24 different products on their quote and buying system that’s basically a no-touch system. They are doing 6,000 policies a month. What happens when we took that out to 48 policies and our investment spend on that illustratively is about $2 million a year. But what if we get 48 different lines of cover on that and then go to 72 and then go to 100? It’s – those are the type of incremental investments that we would like to make because I think they are powerful. I say this all the time, what we are doing on the RPS automation side alone is a $1 billion business. And I think we would like to do that across 20 different things inside of the company. So, where our margin is going to be in ‘23, we are going to – I think that we are going to be over the return of expenses from the pandemic. The real question is how much are we going to spend on investment on that. But it would stand to reason that if we post at least 4% organic growth, there will be opportunities to expand on that.
Doug Howell: And actually, we are starting to see some small little boutique reinsurance opportunities pipe up on our deals already.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, in fact, Paul, we looked at the stats before this call, and over the last eight quarters, the renewal rates across our book, including, I should add, the exposure units are about flat, around 8.5% to 9%. So I mean it varies up to 9%, 9.5%, it comes down to it. But I would say any kind of a wholesale drop-off is not what we’re seeing, to Doug’s point.
J. Patrick Gallagher: But we do know, Paul, I mean let’s face it, a lot of the competition from our private equity competitors for acquisitions has been driven by free money. And if they got to start paying for it I think that bodes well for us.
J. Patrick Gallagher: There is two things I’d comment on, Mark, really. One is it’s been in very interesting hard market. And as you know, looking over the past, what is now almost 4 years, comp hasn’t moved. Comp has not been a big rate driver up and it’s not coming down. So it’s been an interesting line. And as the economy becomes more robust. And frankly, when we pick up – when we start to fill some of those 11 million jobs, I think the natural increase in claim activity is going to really benefit Gallagher Bassett. We clearly can track back that when our economy is humming, it’s just a natural outcome. You don’t like to see people get hurt, but we have more claim volume. That’s number one. Number two, what I continue to be astounded by, and I’m sure everybody on this call reads it every week as well, when I look at our social inflation around tort, it’s incredible. And so I think what you’re seeing is, number one, case settlements at levels that never any of us would have predicted but also what that does is it drives our clients to be much more cautious and concerned about claims that, frankly, in the past, they might have said, pay us $50,000, move on or let’s not settle that. It doesn’t look like that big a deal. I mean not to get anecdotal on you all, but it is late in the evening. And you probably saw the settlement last week for some guy who got $450,000 because this company threw a surprise party for him. I mean I keep asking the folks for a surprise party. But it’s just – so that I do think is beneficial to GB. And GB continues to invest and I think capable of proving that if, in fact, you use our services, with all that we bring to the table, our outcomes are better. So all of a sudden, if you’re used to getting a lot of claims, but one of them every 5 years tends to pop. And now you’re looking at it, you go, man, what’s happening? I’m starting to get 2 a year, 3 a year. Now who pays those claims makes a bigger and bigger difference. And I think that bodes well for the long-term.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Really not that much dislocation on the reinsurance side. And I would say, back to my prepared remarks, depending on the carrier, depending on the carriers experience. That’s what’s driving the renewals. And Doug, go ahead.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all, Greg, I’m not going to sit here and predict a recession. Unfortunately, we’ve lived through them before. And I think we do know how to react to those. And when you’re in a recession, a couple of things happen that are very, very negative. Exposure units drop, companies go broke, expenses become even more important, not that they are ever not important, and shopping can go up. Now when shopping goes up for our strength, in particular, in the middle market, I think we show well. So we hold our own there. But when you’ve got a robust economy falling off, you end up with negative audits and you’ve got lesser exposure units. And depending on the depth of that recession, it’s not a pretty picture. So when you talk about what are we doing relative to our risk management approach, we talk about it every quarter. We take a look at where we are. We’ve got significant margins, and we prepare to say here’s what we have to do to make sure that – one of the things I really like about our model is we basically pay our production for us on how their book of business performs. So, we are all in this together and if the business is sinking. Now in previous recessions, if I don’t go back too far, we’ve not had the benefit of inflation. So inflation may, in fact, help cause a recession and I don’t know whether that will be 1 point, 2 points. I know the first quarter GDP was down. But if you’re talking 5% to 8% inflation, that has the exact opposite impact. As you know, payrolls go up. We are all seeing that. I mean, I can’t go a day without somebody stopping me and saying we are getting whacked. I’ve got a mid-level service person, and it’s a problem and what am I going to do about it? And every customer is coming to Bill’s or Bell’s team and saying, how am I going to hold on to my people. Everybody wants them. They go to a restaurant. They don’t have people that can serve you. I mean there is just huge demand, and that’s pushing payrolls up. And our contractors book, they bid everything out and now they got to deliver at inflation rates they never anticipated when they made the bid. Well, if there is other business to bid, those rates are going up. So sales will go up. So there is offsetting factors there. And I think our business holds up pretty darn well in a recession.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And also, let me remind you, back in 2007, ‘08, ‘09, and this is just an incredible support of this model again. You’d think oh, my gosh, it’s going to be our clients will stop paying their people before they stop paying their insurance bill. That’s how important we are to them. That’s a good spot to be.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I’ll let Doug answer the actual number piece on that because a lot of that’s mathematical. But in terms of what I’m seeing for the year, I’m not seeing – I’m not anticipating significant change in the operating environment over the next three quarters.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. I will do that, Lisa. It’s really been an amazing and let’s remember, as we finished the quarter, we are four months in. So, as we have this call, we are close to five months. But I will tell you that the team, we are not losing people, we are not losing clients. Our renewals have been fantastic. Tom, myself, others at the table have had a chance to meet with reinsurance clients. They continue to be very open about the fact that they are glad. That they are – there is not one less competitor in the marketplace. They are also very clear with us that the reason that the business held together over the years of discussion as to where this business was going to land was because of the people handling their business. And those people are still in place. Our losses in terms of people out the door are minimal to zero. And so when I look at it, I am really, really happy about it. And new business pipeline is strong. What I am very excited about is the integration that we are seeing or the sharing of information from our retail. Everybody said at the beginning, why is this good for retail. And people also would ask, why does reinsurance care what you are doing as a retailer. Well, I will tell you what. There is so much going back and forth right now in terms of data relative to the business we are doing with all kinds of carriers, with things that our reinsurance people are seeing can help our retailers and they are melding. So, the business is strong. We are absolutely nailing it when it comes to what we hope the performer would be and I think it’s going to continue to be a great business for us.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, let me go around the world again as I did in my prepared remarks. So, if you take a look at what we are seeing in Canada. And it’s – our team in terms of new business is on fire. When we closed on Neuraxis years ago and the Canadian economy was a little flush where it was a little slow. We weren’t together. Neuraxis has seven separate businesses kind of operating separately. Now that business is totally together. The Gallagher branding is working extremely well. People are pumped up. We are using sales force. Our pipeline has grown and the 10% organic, yes, it’s helped by rate, but new business is much better than it’s ever been. When you go to the UK, that same timeframe, we have added new – recall, we bought Heath Lambert, Giles, etcetera, again, a lot of time on integration. Today, we will do an acquisition of size in the UK. And frankly, we have got that thing integrated in five months to seven months. And they are putting on a Gallagher jersey. They are excited about it. Then our team just gets stronger and stronger there. Now, I can’t tell you that economic events aren’t going to impact us. Recessions are terrible. Bad for our clients, they are bad for us, and they are bad for our business. But I would tell you that where we are from a team perspective is fantastic. So, you are right to look through the numbers and say it seems like international is doing really well because as we walked around the world and told you the organic, they are just killing it everywhere. Latin America is strong. New Zealand is strong. Australia is strong, and all of that is not just rate driven. That’s the thing I want to make sure everybody realizes is that it’s not just because rates are moving, we are getting our fair share of our new business opportunities. And in fact, we are seeing hit ratios improve and we are being helped by our clients’ business expansions and just blocking and tackling. So, it’s a very good spot to be.
J. Patrick Gallagher: David, I think it’s fair to say, too, what we have done in the United States in terms of the things you have seen in your SmartMarket, Gallagher Drive. Those things are impacting our new business with carriers, our retention and clearly, our new business hit ratios using SmartMarket, and we are taking those internationally now. So, that was born and bred here in the U.S. But those are our products that are going to be available in Canada and the UK to start. And they are difference makers. And really remember, when we compete and this is one of the things about again, kind of being in a lucky spot. 90% of the time when our people go out the door to compete, we are competing with somebody smaller. Say at 10%, 11%, 12% of the time, we are competing with folks that, frankly, can come to the table with the same type of resources or story. But every other time, when I talk to our sales force, I think we should win. We don’t, obviously, but I think that’s having an impact. Our people go out the door thinking they are going to win, I will tell you that.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I got to understand the question. I mean our reinsurance clients pay us very, very, very well and very fairly and now a stable environment is not going to give us the ability to charge our clients. Does it give us the ability to invest more favorably, absolutely, because you now have people and our old business is people. To be perfectly blunt, there were people who were going to join them before, like join them in the middle of a sale. Nobody knows – by the way, remember, I am not making this up, it was public. I mean they couldn’t tell the people at Willis where they are going to sit, who are they going to work for. That’s not easy to recruit into, is it. Well, there is lots of opportunities to invest. There is lots of – at the same time, reinsurance buyers are kind of frozen in the headlights. We want to see competition in the market. We don’t want Willis, frankly, to disappear, but we are not going to build the problem bigger. So, yes, there is opportunities for us to go back to those clients and say, “Hey, we think we have got something to tell you now.” So, I think once it settles down and we all get – again, I am four months into the quarter, five months in total, a year from now I will have a much better feel for the individuals.
J. Patrick Gallagher: The numbers we were talking about in the pipeline in our prepared remarks are totally outside of Willis Re. Willis Re is done, those are…
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Weston. Darryl, I think that’s all our questions for tonight. So, I would like to just say thank you again for joining us. Obviously, we had a fantastic start to 2022. I would like to thank our colleagues around the globe for their hard work. We are a people business and our results directly reflect your efforts. Thank you. We look forward to speaking with you again at our June Investor Day, and thanks for being with us, everybody.
