J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you, Doug. Before we go to questions and answers, I just want to make a quick comment about the Gallagher culture. It's as strong as it's ever been, we see it in our successful integration efforts, we see it in our branding efforts around the world and we see it in our service to our clients. In December J.D. Power announced that Arthur J. Gallagher & Company ranks as the highest in customer satisfaction among brokers for large commercial insurance. This is on top of the fact that earlier in the year, we were recognized as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies by the Ethisphere Institute for the fourth straight year. The Gallagher culture is alive and well and developing and growing year-in and year-out. With that, Brenda, we'll go to questions and answers.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, Ryan, to be perfectly blunt, I was coming off of a more pessimistic view given the October/November results, and I was really pleased with what we did in December and finishing up the quarter. My comments were mostly around U.S. domestic PC as well as Australia and New Zealand PC. But I think, given December and the end of the quarter, I'm a little bit more optimistic. Remember, organic growth is comprised of, you mentioned the supplementals, but it's also retention, new business, so there is a lot of components that go into that and we just really had a strong quarter. Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay. Thanks.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: So, let me address your issues around – or your question rather, which is a good question around organic. Again, what comprises organic? We go out every single day, we try to get new business. We're fighting every single week to keep the business we've got, and that's an ongoing battle. But frankly, we know that 90% plus of the time when we go out to compete, we're competing with someone who is smaller than we are and doesn't have our resources. I think the ACA is beginning to show an opportunity to have expanded organic growth in our benefits units. Our wholesale units have been very, very strong in terms of organic growth. So I'm a little bit more bullish than I was in December. As I said, I was coming off a weaker October/November than I liked. I was very, very pleased with what we did in December, and if we can carry on with that kind of level of new business growth and hold on to our clients, we should do a little better. I would put that in above 2.5% to 3%, 3.5%.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah. This is, I think, just a great example of where the company is. Over time, you'll see us transition in a number of responsibilities and we've got a great succession planning process. We've got an incredibly strong team. Joel Cavaness, who takes over the unit now in terms of being the CEO, is someone who's been with us 30 plus years, started his career in our St. Louis office, was one of the founders of Risk Placement Services in United States. And it's just the same hand on the tiller, I really like that.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Listen, anything that the government can do, which they constantly do to make this more difficult, is great for us.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, besides, Josh, so let me make a comment. This is Pat. When we do an acquisition, we want a continuing revenue stream and we want an earnings stream, that's a given. But we're putting great resources, terrific people into the company and that's very hard to put a price on. I mean, our pricing folks do a good job of holding the line, as Doug said earlier, we don't dilute our shareholders, but on top of it these are new producers, these are new teams. You don't do that acquisition and someone else does, it's gone forever. So I've answered this question over 30 years the same way. When we've got a great acquisition partner that we want to put on, I'll buy that all day over buying a share.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, that's not the right way to think about it. What we – a hard market is a great growth market for Gallagher Bassett because it pushes more clients into the alternative market. They will self insure. When markets soften, clients will purchase insurance at lower levels of retentions and sometimes that's not – that's a headwind for GB.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sarah, I have no clue. If the market goes in the tank, I've been through four cycles. If the market goes in the tank, like it did in 2005, 2006, our organic is going to suffer. If the market tightens and let's face it, there is some controversy out there right now, you've got little bit of firming going on in places like Australia, New Zealand, got a little bit of controversy with some of our larger trading partners that are having some management issues, and there's some renewed discipline around that. If you get a harder market 2001, 2002, significant double-digit organic. So, the market makes a huge difference, how we do a new business makes a huge difference. If we keep our retentions that's a huge – that makes a huge – that plays a huge role. I have no idea.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, I'd tell you – I've said this many times. I've been very – I've been pleased and interested to find that over the last five years, I would say the PC market globally, and also very much in United States has really by and large been flat. I mean, if you go back and look at the charts starting in about 1970, this market was violently cyclical, you'd have times when rates were going up 30% and 40% and times when rates were falling 15% to 25% through the 1990s, it seemed never ending. Companies kept going broke, and prices kept getting cut. You get through 2001, you have a violent hard market that softened substantially in 2005, 2006, but literally, since about 2007, maybe 2008 this marketplace has been pretty flat. And I would consider the present environment which is about 4% off on general business to 10% off on large property schedules, essentially with the exception of that property, 4% off is pretty close to flat when you're used to what I've seen cyclically. So I do predict that management of these carriers today has – have better information, they absolutely understand loss cost inflation and they're going to fight hard not to have a deterioration in their returns. So my view is that I think they'll find a way to get that back closer to flat because they need to make money in underwriting to have any kind of return.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, I think that it probably helps us with new business. We got a little bit more of a story to talk about. But again I would comment that anywhere around 4% to 5% off is a pretty stable market. If I'm doing a good job for a client and I'm sitting down talking to two of them about their renewal, and I say, look I think that this carrier has been a good partner for a long time, they've paid their claims, et cetera. And they're willing to come in at two points off, my suggestion as an advisor is to renew it. You'll renew 90% plus of those accounts. So, competition is fierce all the time in the business, but if – in a market like this I think our story is all about capabilities and about service. It really is about doing a great job on service, doing a great job for the client on the transaction and being a trusted advisor.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think there's tremendous opportunities and there's some challenges on the small business side.I think a lot of that will be traded electronically. Once you get up to having some real assets, you want a trusted advisor that sits in front of you, that's not changing.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: So, I think, what's more complex is that the rules just keeping being changed and rewritten. You've seen just an example, someone brought up the Cadillac Tax that everybody was expecting to get started in 2016 has been pushed back a couple years. That – those things just make up for a whole another round of discussions with your clients. You're preparing them, you don't know the answer if the self-funded part of the individual's cost is calculated into the calculation for Cadillac Tax or isn't, that makes a huge difference on what our clients will or won't fund, or they're going to put their employees, and all of a sudden that changes. So there is – there's stuff that goes on like that literally ever week. We've got 23 people, 24 people in our compliance department, and the head of that writes an email to all of us about once every week to two weeks, and it's four pages long of new updates on what the rules are. So, it's – those complexities just drive a lot more activity for us and we hope to bill it.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I don't know, Mark. I don't know if can position that for you. It's more – it's just more activity. I can't really give you a number around it.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, I mean, it's a war for talent every single day, that's why culture is so important. And yes, we're doing everything we can to make sure we have the best place in this industry to work and give the best resources to those people that work here and pay them really well.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Sure. Thanks everyone for joining us. We're really excited about what we accomplished in 2015 and we're optimistic for 2016. Have a great day.
Douglas K. Howell: Listen, good question. We're always looking for opportunities to get better. I mean, our service quality is pretty darn high if you look at what J.D. Power says, but we have opportunities to continue to improve that. When you are in the 2% to 3% range, I think, that we can hold margins pretty well where they are, below that might get a little tough. Ryan J. Tunis - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay. Understood. And I guess my follow-up is probably for Pat, just thinking back to his comments in December, the 1.5% to 2% organic growth, just some clarity on what that entailed? I know Doug mentioned that supplementals are supposed to probably run north of that level or is that just U.S. P&C, is that all in true organic growth, is that just base commissions and fees, what exactly again were you referencing there Pat? Thanks.
Douglas K. Howell: Now, actually good reminder, yes. For those of you that have been on this call for years, we are a highly seasonal company. Our first quarter is by far our smallest quarter. Our second quarter and third quarter are about the same and then December comes in just a step below that. So, we are a seasonal company, so, that's why if you look at our margins, we have 26.1% margins for the entire year. And I think if you go back to the first quarter, in the Brokerage segment, they were in the high teens, low-20%s, I don't know if I can pull that out. So, we are a highly seasonal company.
Douglas K. Howell: Listen, if we have excess cash, which I don't think we will necessarily, because we have a terrific M&A pipeline, we would buy shares back. We feel comfortable with our debt level, the way it is right now. I don't feel the need to bring that any lower. We have lots of good opportunities out there, and if there – if our cash is – if we have excess cash, we'd of course buy our shares back.
Douglas K. Howell: We haven't seen that come into marketplace yet. It's a little early yet to see that, but we are seeing that private equity folks are out there. Truthfully we don't run into them a lot in our nice smaller tuck-in acquisitions, they're more out there trolling for the large platform acquisitions. But, for us we like picking the smaller partners that we can bring in, but I haven't seen anything on the higher spreads right now impacting multiples paid. It should happen, but we'll see.
Douglas K. Howell: Oh, yeah. Right. So, we have good concentrations of coal plants in areas like Maryland and West Virginia, South Carolina. We see – and we have plants that are in the Midwest, Iowa, Illinois; we have plants that are in the west in areas like Arizona. So, those are kind of the locations that we are.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah. All right. That business is about a $250 million business. It posted about 5% organic for the year. We saw about the same in the quarter. So – and so the blend of that across our $2 billion of domestic would be about 10% impact on the organic number.
Douglas K. Howell: Listen, first of all, when you look at our wholesale operation, there's two different operations, we've got our open brokerage business and then basically we've got our program business in that. When you look at our open wholesale business, we had a really nice, nice quarter and our – some of our program business we are seeing some of that move into the standard lines to a certain extent, new business start-ups weren't quite as robust, still they posted a decent quarter. And (38:05), remember as a retailer if it moves from the wholesale business into the retail space, we stand to pick that up over on our retail side.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah. I think, our costs, overall when I step back and look at it. Our integration in areas like the U.S. with Bollinger or when you look at Canada, when you look at New Zealand and Australia, all of them came right in with where we expected the integration efforts in cost come up. Over the last couple years, we've probably spent an extra $50 million in the UK to put together the four different retailers that we basically have bought to become the top-five broker there. So that's the – probably, if you look back over the last couple of years, that's the difference in the spend there. Other adjustments we had – all of them are right in line with what we telegraphed in December that we had a non-cash write-off related to a wholesaler down in Australia, that the channel conflicts that developed as a result of that when we bought Wesfarmers we had owned the wholesaler before that, when you buy a big retailer, it does cause some channel conflict there, so we had a non-cash write-off there that cost us about $0.09, something like that. Other than that, most of them are coming in right where we expect them to come in.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah, we say that, our integration costs will be less than half of what they were, and most of that relates to the UK integration in 2015. So when you – if you look at the CFO Commentary, we talk about the – we expect that it cost us $0.17 to $0.19 next year in integration costs and this year the number was more like $0.40.
Douglas K. Howell: And then we sat and then – I think, Pat said and I said about that we expect that to be substantially done by the end of 2016.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, listen I think the amount of money that we can shake out of our working capital balances will be substantially higher. I made a comment in the early part of my script that when we get done with lot of these legal entity consolidations that frees up a substantial amount of working capital for us. So even though it's in our cash balances right now, it actually creates bottom extra $100 million of available cash for us.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah, by the end of 2016, we're pretty well done with most of the integration, so that would be the spot we'd be able to see it available to use for acquisitions, et cetera.
Douglas K. Howell: I don't have the – I don't – I just got an email yesterday we consolidated 15 legal entities over there. They struck them off as of January 26. I have to go back to see how much was in that 26 legal entities that we struck off in the UK, just see how much cash. I don't have that exactly for you, but...
Douglas K. Howell: Remember we had the program in Australia. This is in the Risk Management segment of that. That basically is running off of a portfolio of claims that we're running off there. So, we won't see revenues from that again.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, let me clarify that is that if we have somebody that really wants our stock, if they need it in a tax-free reorg, we might give it to them, and then we'll just buy shares back in the market to keep the share count at level.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, first of all, none of these are dilutive. We're buying at 7 times – 7.5 times. We don't see that as dilutive, but it is something that we do not see ourselves waiting in just stock. If somebody have to have it for a certain structure, then we'll have what – we have ways in order to minimize the impact on shares outstanding, but I wouldn't consider it to be dilutive.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, I think you got to look at it over the long term. I think that in this case, we really are having success with our smaller acquisition growing. As a matter of fact, we had one deal that – one merger that was $50 million in revenue, if you take that one out our weighted average multiple is somewhere around 7 times, 7.2 times. We see a pipeline right now that is robust. We like our ideas of growing the franchise. When you buy a share of stock back, you don't get trade into London, you don't get using our niches, you don't get organic growth ultimately out of a share stock repurchase, but you still have a lot of opportunities to grow out our franchise, especially here in the U.S. There are cities we just don't have presence in right now.
Douglas K. Howell: Listen, I think that the great strides have been made over the last five years. We've just done a tremendous job of retooling that business. The management team down there is and the fact that we're growing organically in the 10% range really shows that we have an offering that we consistently demonstrate better claim outcomes than what their other choices are out there in the marketplace. Where do I see margins ultimately on that business? Not nearly as geared business as the Brokerage segment is. When you pick up a new client, you have to put adjusters behind the desk and you've got to be ready to handle claims. So we feel comfortable with 17 points of margin right now, we'll take a look at it at the end of this year, see how we do and we'll either adjust next year or we'll leave it 17 points for another year. But that business it's a scale business, there's great opportunities for it. It's a value-added business, so it's not a commodity. So over time, we'll see where margins ultimately get.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah, if you look at the back of our investor supplement, we actually have a schedule in there that shows the change in shares outstanding up on page 16 of that supplement and if you look at the impact that's related to stock based compensation for employees, it ends up adding about $1 million or $1.2 million a year in our shares. Now, we also have some that lapses off, but by and large if you assume a $1 million a year, that's about right.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, on the organic or one thing about it, when you get into our international operations, there is kind of some stair step growth, that happens with that business. Much of our business in Australia can be in large programs and so you can see kind of flat growth for a year or so, and then all of a sudden we pick up a nice big client, and it happens. So, you get a pop-up in organic. Domestically, I think that we're competing out there at a terrific range. We think the margins of 17% still allow them to continue to build out their product offering and the leverage on it is just the fact that this is a – this is still highly intensive people business and when you get claims, you got to put adjusters on behind the desk in order to pay those claims. So we're comfortable with 17% growth, high single digit type growth, 17% margin, high single digit organic growth that's kind of where we feel the business is right now.
Douglas K. Howell: But by and large the reason why a client would use Gallagher Bassett is because the claim outcomes on their loss experience are better. That's the – so anything you think about it, what's the behavior of our client or a carrier to outsource a certain vertical of claim management with – we do work for carriers too, is that when they see the claim outcomes that Gallagher Bassett demonstrate, we're paying almost $10 billion of claims through Gallagher Bassett. We have tremendous expertise and we can demonstrate our claim outcomes are better.
Douglas K. Howell: I don't have it here in front of me, but we did show good strong cash flows in the fourth quarter. If you look at this year, I think since September 30, I think, we're up $120 million in cash, compared to where we were at September 30, and then maybe $180 million more than what we had at the end of 2014. I said that – in our balance sheet, right now, there is about $275 million of truly free cash in it. So, yeah, there was strong operating cash flow in the fourth quarter.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, we could exceed the amounts that we had – that we did this last year. If we could use all the free cash in our balance sheet and if we can borrow at 2.5 times, the new EBITDAC that we get and our new cash flow we could do more than what we did last year.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah, I said that in my comments early that there – we have that $300 million tranche that comes due in 2017. We'll look at this, we'll look at how things look here in the second quarter and it might make sense that we pull -pull some down. It really makes no sense to prepay that, just because of the defeasance cost on that. But it could be one of those things where we pull a little bit down, we may use our line next year to refinance some of that too at lower interest rates, but it is all the things that we're taking a look at right now.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, I just think if you take a look at in December 16, when were last all together together, the £ was somewhere around $1.50 and it's somewhere around $1.42 now. And if you look at the Canadian dollar and Australia dollar, it's recovered a lot – a little bit in the last week and a half, but it was 70% and it's down to 73%, it's down 70%. So you see that in just a – in a month, we've had a substantial strengthening in the U.S. dollar, that's the only difference that we're seeing there. Sean Dargan - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Okay. Got it. Thanks.
