Patrick Gallagher: I think we are definitely going with some nice momentum. I wouldn't bank on some incremental big jump. But what I like about the momentum is when you come through a time like we did in this fourth quarter, it's interesting because you actually become much more valuable to your clients. And it's not an easy time when you're tussling back and forth with the cedents and the reinsurers trying to get these things done, terms are changing. Attachment levels are changing. But in the end, as I said in my prepared remarks, we got the placements made, and I think we are in a very strong position going forward, number one, with those clients, but also with the opportunity to pick up some new business.
Patrick Gallagher: No. We're pleased to pay our people for what they do. And we haven't messed with that compensation arrangement with our production force, in particular, in well over a decade.
Patrick Gallagher: We have definitely seen a change in the competitive environment vis-a-vis mergers and acquisitions in the last 60 days. I'm not going to sit here and say it's not still competitive, it is. But I would say that the number of bidders is reduced, and we are seeing maybe, what I would call, a more attentive seller to exactly who the buyer is, what the culture is, the strategic value of that buyer that maybe existed 12 months ago.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes. As we said, a very, very strong new business in specialty with tenant rate increases. And as we've talked earlier, there were some term changes and the like. But also our aviation specialty team just crushed it this quarter in the U.K. And our retail operation across the United Kingdom did extremely well also. But I just think the whole London-based specialty team, reinsurance aviation just is set phenomenal close to the year.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, let me just back up to our prepared comments again. It's very, very interesting. First of all, we don't play that much in the high-tech Employee Benefit business, and it's not that big a segment for us in terms of the layoffs you're seeing that are making the newspaper. And as I've said in previous quarters, we're already in the same papers, right? And we all see the same news reports. However, our middle market, core business is doing -- our clients are doing extremely well, and we keep reporting our -- what we're seeing in our midterm endorsements and changes to policies and as we see both our renewals and the audits going forward, our middle market, retail, property casualty benefits business, these people are doing very, very well.  Truck counts are up. Our trucking business is very strong. Our work comp renewals in terms of payrolls are not being diminished. Now that doesn't mean that if there is, in fact, a global recession that it won't impact us, of course, it will. But at this point in time, we're not seeing that. So if you ask me where do we see an impact on that type of growth as we go forward this year. I'll tell you, our plans at present don't count on any recessionary pressure. And that could be wrong.
Patrick Gallagher: And I would want to comment on that as well. We are not undergoing an organic surge in new hiring. We have a very strong internship. We bring on a very strong number of young people every year. Of course, we're always looking for good solid production hires, but you are not seeing our organic head count surge beyond the M&A activity that Doug just mentioned.
Patrick Gallagher: Supplementals are not subject typically to profit-sharing arrangements, our contingents are. And to date, I'd say we probably factored nothing in, in terms of having significant increases in our operating loss ratios.
Patrick Gallagher: I think property could get a lot firmer. I would say in the fourth quarter, it was very firm, in particular, in anything that had to do with Coastal, any area that was exposed to wind and fire. This market in terms of property is very difficult as it exists. And, yes, the changes to reinsurance at 1/1 will filter additional pressure onto the retail buyer. And we are out early telling our retail buyers about this. And it is going to get more difficult in what is already a very extremely difficult situation.
Patrick Gallagher: Mark, I don't have a number on that yet. I just think that it's possible that in order to pay for some of these property increases, other lines are going to have to be tagged. And I think I'll be able to feel that since it maybe have a better number around that at the end of the first quarter. And I may be wrong on that. At this point, I'm not being told by our carriers that that's happening.
Patrick Gallagher: I think that it will be achievable with existing capacity. I was very pleased -- our reinsurance people were telling us in late November and December, early December that they were very fearful some of these placements just weren't going to get done. And that is a nightmare on all sides of the equation. And in fact, really, really pleased and proud of the team that did the work to bring the programs together for our clients as January got going here. So I think on existing capacity, of course, the largest renewal season is now winding down. It's not over, but it's winding down. And so I do think the increases going forward could come off existing capacity. However, having said that, any additional capacity would be very welcome and will be utilized quickly and would add to that. All right. Then let me just add a few comments as I wrap up. I want to thank you again for joining us this evening. Obviously, I'm very pleased with our '22 financial performance. I am still very excited about our future. I want to thank our clients for their continued trust, our 43,000-plus colleagues for their passion, hard work and dedication. And finally, I need to mention our carrier partners. They do play an integral role in meeting our clients' insurance and risk management needs. And we look forward to speaking with you all again at our March IR Day. So thank you for being with us, and we'll talk to you then.
Douglas Howell: All right. Let me see if I can break that out from memory here. I don't have it in front of me exactly, but when you're talking about being down was at 180 basis points, something like that. Yes. Is that right? I'm just going from memory, Sorry, I'll look it up here. Probably 1/3 of that is due to the continued efficiency that we bring by being able to push work into our lower-cost centers of excellence. I think that we've had some technology wins in that area, too, to help us make our workforce more effective on that and didn't have to put on additional heads as a result of that -- those technology investments. And then I think that when it came to -- the other 1/3 is kind of escaping you right here.
Douglas Howell: So are you asking for the quarter? Are you asking for the full year? Sorry, just so I've got the baseline.
Douglas Howell: For the full year, right? So when I look at rate and exposure, as I did, our new business, we had a terrific new business here. So I'll say that our net new business spread was about 4 points and the rest of that is probably rate and exposure, remember between that. So maybe, again, you think about it, 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 net new business over loss business is 1/3, rate was 1/3 and exposure unit growth was 1/3.
Douglas Howell: I think the -- when we give the guidance of 6 points, if we grow organically, 6%, we think we can show about 50 basis points of margin expansion on that. Investment income would be a sweetener to that. to a certain extent. But I don't have a clear line of sight yet on the size of our raise pool and our hiring needs going into next year. We understand our budget. So I can't give you a specific number on it, but you give me a pick on what you think wage inflation is going to be next year to take care of our folks, and I can probably give you that number, but I don't think we're ready yet. I might be able to give you some more of that in March.
Douglas Howell: Yes, it's pretty much so across all of them, Greg -- there is no standout in there anywhere that's a laggard in there.
Douglas Howell: Yes. So it will be part of our Brokerage segment and our Employee Benefit operation. Greg, we don't think we're going to close that in the first quarter. We think it's more of a second quarter close at this point. I don't really have a good quarterly spread that I would feel comfortable giving on the call today for that because we have to apply our study on conforming the accounting principles to theirs, apply our 606 assumptions to it. So I need a little more time to work through that. And we just signed the deal 30 days ago, and I just need to until March to give you that quarterly spread.
Douglas Howell: Yes, we usually see a little bit of an uptick in the fourth quarter as people push to get things done by the end of the year, sometimes that's driven by tax or other financial planning that the sellers want to get done. But if there is a noticeable change in the market. I would say that we feel very good about our pipeline right now. There are some names on there that are really nice to have looking at us. So a little bit of an uptick in the fourth quarter, naturally, change in market competitiveness a little bit. But I also think it's going to be pretty strong in the first couple of quarters of the year relative to what we saw this year, in particular.
Douglas Howell: I think it's mix right now is what we're seeing is -- I think that you're seeing some pretty high performing names on the list where the growth factors are a little bit bigger than maybe they were in the past. But one turn on that, it wouldn't overly react to it one way or another.
Douglas Howell: Yes. We're assuming that we're paying raises this year about similar to what we have for the last 2 years. So that's in the numbers. Also in that, I did a little -- I did a small vignette during the December IR Day. If you really look underneath that, there's probably 10 or 15 basis points as we toggle to Software as a Service that might be against that 50 basis points, too. So maybe it's more like 60 basis points, but in the accounting of where that expense gets charged does influence that a little bit. You and I talked about that in December, I think, too.
Douglas Howell: Yes. Well, a lot of that -- remember those numbers are impacted considerably by our M&A program. So as we close the year out strong on M&A, those numbers would be in the December numbers and not in last year's December numbers, and that would impact the quarter 2.
Douglas Howell: Yes. If you think about -- remember, our fourth quarter, Ian hit right at the beginning of the fourth quarter, there were replacements that were done in October and November that hadn't had the full impact of the $70 billion loss.
