J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes, Yaron, I think you raised a great question there. What we’re seeing at the present time is in fact that the 3s, 4s, 5s, 6% increases were accounts that have hurt underwriters. You can see more than that. But in fact where the market is hard, as I mentioned in catastrophe-exposed, wind-exposed property on any of the coasts, we’re seeing exactly what we predicted. If the rates are up 100%, their drop-in coverage is 50%. I mean, we do not think that our clients in this economic environment can take a spike recovery that we saw in 2001. And we are, in fact, seeing kind of a slow steady increase in that 3 to 5% area and it’s interesting. I’ve been to a number of our production meetings across the country. There have been times when carriers have asked for an increase. We’ve said this doesn’t seem warranted. We’ve gone out to the market and in fact found the coverage back with the originating carrier. So rates are moving up slowly, but they are steady. It’s across virtually all geographies and most classes of business with some additional cost for property and some of those other areas I mentioned in my prepared remarks, but we don’t think that the economy and the clients can take a big spike.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, let me put it this way, yes, if I get a flat economy and flat rates, you see exactly what the organic was in the fourth quarter. We’re a new business machine. That’s what we do every day. Every single one of us gets up every day and thinks about taking care of the clients we’ve got and get new ones. If I don’t have the headwinds of a bad economy and think about that 2008, 2009, many of our businesses lost 50% of their business. And If I don’t have a 5 to 6 to 7% rate decline, yes, I will maintain organic growth.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Also, let’s get this straight. What Doug has been saying to the street forever is 3% organic, no margin expansion.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And I’m very pleased. I think what we’re seeing, Adam, is that we’ve talked a long time about our niche focus, understanding our clients’ business, being out talking about our capabilities. Those things are really paying off.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Right now it’s flattish, but it’s hanging together very, very well. The integration is going well. It’s a difficult integration. We probably moved 400 people’s desks in London alone, just where they sit, who they sit with, where they’re located, what have you. So, it’s been a very active six months of integration. I think we’ve done a terrific job of making sure those people feel like a welcome part of the family. And we’ve worked very, very hard on that. I think things are settling in and we’ll start to see some new business production. We’re also seeing some teams of people and other acquisition opportunities emanating out of that.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, it’s a great question. I really don’t know the answer to that. I think that any time rates begin to run in the workers’ comp world, we see more people enter into self-insurance and the alternative market. And that’s been historical fact for the last 40 years. Do I have a specific number like 5% and then it’s Katy bar the door, no. But what ends up happening in the work comp line is, when it goes bad, it seems to get really bad. And those rates tend to not run three, fours, and fives, but you tend to see customers really being pushed hard and that’s when they will jump to the alternative market. So any rate increase bodes well for Gallagher Bassett.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Because one of the big reasons for claim-count drops was the fact that you’re going from three shifts to two to one.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yes, we’re very bullish on the benefits business. Our benefits business has had a higher organic than the PC business even including in the fourth quarter. I’ve said many times that the new law that we’re all facing now under the healthcare regs is providing us with tremendous amounts of additional work. Our clients are now having to face up to the fact that these regulations are coming into being. It’s I think putting tremendous pressure on the smaller agents and brokers out there which is helping us with our mergers and acquisitions. And underlying costs in health and welfare accounts are up. So, our organic there is a little bit stronger than the PC business.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, actually we’re not seeing a lot of multiple move. You’ve got our usual competitors have a very interesting kind of market out there when you look at M&A. As I said in my remarks, there is 18,000 agents and brokers or some number like that. We get that number from Hales & Associates in the United States alone. So, you got to at least to have doubled that globally and we’re active in the acquisition world globally. And most of these businesses are run by baby boomers. There is probably five very active acquirers and there are others as well. There is some private equity activity, very little activity on the side of the banks with maybe one exception with Wells. So, really what you’ve got is a huge supply of interested parties. I don’t want to diminish the amount of work this takes. We’ve got people out working hard every single day and every deal we do, even if it’s a 3 or $4 million deal, is in fact the marriage that’s taken a lot of courting to get it done. So, our people are working very, very hard. Having said that, what’s interesting about the process is the five main acquirers, we do each of us have very unique personalities as companies and through the process we generally get to a point where that seller has decided where he or she wants to land. And we’re very lucky and very pleased with those people that have decided to join our company. But that has produced no shortage of opportunities for our competition. So, I look out over the next decade frankly and see just a tremendous amount of consolidation that’s going to occur, both because of the baby boomer age situation, as well as the fact that the buyers, the clients are demanding a higher level of expertise. And it’s just no longer going to be I think a decade from now, just that relationship purchase is going to be far diminished from what it is today. So, lots and lots of opportunities and no, we’re not seeing a lot of expansion.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No. The major line of business that we adjust is workers’ compensation, but it is across all client types.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think, probably, where I’ve had the most opportunity to interact with clients has been in the Midwest and I think the Midwest has sort of led the improvement. But, we are seeing improvement in a number of our businesses across all of our geographies. The buying pattern that we are seeing that is important to note is that where we are seeing a spike in pricing and this is particularly a catastrophe-exposed property, clients are buying less cover and that’s what we’ve been saying all along. If this thing spikes as it did in 2001, if we have a violent rate increase environment, clients are going to buy less coverage.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: All right. Then I’d like to make just a few quick wrap-up comments. Again, thank you, everybody for being with us this morning. I want to just remind all the listeners that we’re very focused on four things strategically. Number one, organic growth; number two, mergers and acquisitions; number three, productivity and quality; and finally, maintaining what we know is a very unique culture and I want to touch on each of those very briefly. As it relates to organic growth, every single office, every division, every person, everyday is taking care of clients and looking for new ones. When it comes to mergers and acquisitions, I’ve already mentioned the fact that the pipeline is very full. Most of these are baby boomers, but more importantly, I think it’s the capabilities that we built as a company that are attracting people because they know once they joined Gallagher, they can actually grow their business significantly. That pipeline is strong. As it relates to productivity and quality, if you go all the way back to 2008, which is essentially what we believe the beginning of the great recession, we’ve built our high quality service centers offshore and we’ve actually increased our margin in this very difficult economic time. And fourthly, we worked very hard to maintain what we know is a unique culture. This company has something special. It is the ball team. We’re together. This culture keeps us together in good times and in tough times, and good times and bad times, we’ve stayed focus on those four strategies that we continue to believe will create growth for our shareholders. We’ve never wavered in that belief and that’s what we’re concentrating on as we go into 2012, which we believe we can build on the success of 2011 very well. So, we’re looking forward to 2012. We appreciate your being with us this morning. Thanks very much and have a great day. Thanks, Rob.
Doug Howell: Yaron, this is Doug. I think actually we improved basis points in the fourth quarter 140 basis points if you exclude the Heath Lambert acquisition. We improved 70 basis points, if you include Heath Lambert which we know has lower margins. A point, a point and a half with 5% organic growth, that hangs together pretty well. 
Doug Howell: Adam, the answer to your question is between exposure units and renewal, we were seeing negative 3, negative 2, if you combine those two numbers together and we’re flattish now between that. And in the past, we’ve said it’s about 50/50. So, I’d say that’s probably a pretty good guess for the first half.
Doug Howell: In the fourth quarter, we did tighten our belts on some travel. In the fourth quarter, we saw an opportunity to maybe pull back a little bit on that compared to our first three quarters run rate. And the team did an excellent job of really targeting where they need to go and who they need to see. And we also had some pretty favorable business insurance experience in the quarter too.
Doug Howell: Good question. Well, there’s a lot of different risks that affect our clean coal investments, so one of them is that coal could be displaced at a plant with natural gas. In our case, I believe that the plants that were put in, the utilities that were putting these plants in have a good idea about whether they are going to immediately replace those plants with natural gas and probably would not be putting these plants in place if they have that expectation. That’s the first thing. Second thing, if they do displace coal with natural gas, those plants are movable. And we would find another utility to put them in or hope to find another utility to put them in and resume production. So it could take us out of service for a year on them. But at this point right now, we don’t see that the current ones that we’ve got in place are high exposure to displace sort of natural gas.
Doug Howell: I think that the reasonable run rate expectations based on the plants that we know based on their historical production rates; it’s a nice down-the-middle number.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think, Bob if maybe a penny’s worth I mean, by the time you look at page 3 of 14 and you see the adjusted in fees relating to international disasters, it’s not all that rich in margin. The additional performance bonus fees, that’s heavy margin business. So by the time you factor it out yes, I’d say that the Risk Management was a little hot this quarter.
Doug Howell: Bob, I’d have to retrace your math to see how you’ve gotten there, but that number is intended to be somewhere around 38% of the number, so.
Doug Howell: The other net, we resolved some tax positions and because of the mix of our business in certain states in the U.S. as a result of our clean coal production efforts and some other corporate realignments, it reduced our state taxes.
Doug Howell: Pieces of those numbers are taken out. If that was released through the Brokerage or Risk Management segment then we chisel that out and we put it out as separate line item.
Doug Howell: Yes, that’s what I said. And if you look at the Corporate segment, there was $0.02 of beat in the Corporate line and $0.01 of beat in the legacy investment line and that comprises the difference.
Doug Howell: I’m not giving any guidance on ‘13 yet, but those numbers that I gave you have no new plans being signed up under long-term contracts.
Doug Howell: And Brian that hangs together. The business insurance came out this week and talk about more frequency in the workers comp line.
Doug Howell: It will, yes. So, if you go to top of 6 of 14, we’ve actually moved it down a full percentage point. We used to give a range of 39 to 41 for that segment. We’re down to 38 to 40. And as that business starts to contribute more, it will have the impact of bringing the rate down slightly even more maybe in ‘13 or ‘14.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think right now, we believe coal prices are well below any type of phase-out level at this point. And so we think that we should have a clear site to produce over the next few years.
Doug Howell: Well, we think that now that we’ve got significant amounts of tax credits coming in, also we think a pretty good proxy for that is half of our reported EBITDA is what we generate. Of course, it could be used for acquisitions. Maybe 20% is better number.
Doug Howell: Yes, it’s great. Good question. And yes, we did have, if you look at the other comprehensive income line in our balance sheet, it’s a negative $47 million. 15 of it relates to FX and the balance of it relates to underfunded pension liability. The reason why that changed and this is going to impact probably the rest of the world too, is the discount rate assumption. We move down from 5.5% down to 4.5 and that produced basically an underfunded pension by 30 million, which is really kind of peanuts in our environment here. We froze that plan in 2005, which in retrospect looks like a good move, but that’s the difference that you’re seeing there, Ray.
Doug Howell: Not dramatically. The recovery of the equity markets probably took a little pressure off of that line. The number is 7.5% is our return expectation and I think that’s pretty well in the middle point of the range for what people will be using, again, because of the equity balance in the portfolio.
Doug Howell: You know, Mark, I think that anything that I gave you on that right now would be subject to such a wide range of possibilities. I’d rather not do it now. I think I can give you a better answer in our April call. So, I think that I’d rather just wait to see. We’re a little downstream on that because Chem-Mod, while we managed that company here and that’s why we consolidated even though it’s only 42% owned, the other third-party licensees of that, they report to us on a lag basis and they’re not all that forthcoming in how their pipeline looks because to a certain extent we compete with them because we have other plans that we’re going to put in place. So I really can’t give that to you now until April but we have some cautious optimism on that.
Doug Howell: Okay. First of all, let me go back to Mark’s question. We had $283 million of cash generated from operations. And then now, let’s go to the 4.6 write-down was two or three deals that we took small impairment charges on their amortization, unamortized intangible. Probably 3.5 to 4 million of it related to one particular broker that we bought. He is still with us. He is a tremendous deliverer. They were selling a product, a life insurance product that was dependent on borrowing some leverage from banks. That availability of lending has dried up for the time being. We expect that product to be back. It’s a nice product used for estate planning. It’s not viatical. So, we didn’t meet the recoverability test. So, I’d say this is as much an accounting write-down as it is, it’s not a bad deal. He just has to wait for lending to become a little looser for him to get back into selling these products.
