Douglas Howell: Well, I think when we did that in our budget process, the range of 7% to 9%, it's pretty much so what we're seeing today throughout next year is really the assumptions. Where are we today in pricing, where are we in exposure units, what we've been running here this year, we don't see a lot of change to that next year.
Douglas Howell: All right. So on that point, not every business has given a flat target number, they view it based on what they're seeing in the marketplace rate, exposure, opportunities, hiring, hiring new producers. So, every business does that differently. What would I say is being different? Who's on the upper end of the range? And who's on maybe the lower end of the range? Benefits might be a little bit on the lower end of the range, and you might see reinsurance and specialty on the upper end of the range in that. But by and large, each business unit rolls it up and that's how we get to that 7% to 9% range.
Douglas Howell: Effectively yes. I mean we still have to accrete that for one more year. So it might be -- I think there's $50 million of accretion that will go through the financial statements this next year.
Douglas Howell: Yeah. Let me add one thing on that. I think that the organic in Cadence and Eastern was running very similar to what we're seeing in our similar geographies in similar areas. So I think your premise was that it take a while to restart them. I think they're already started. I think they're going after it. Buck is already showing terrific organic growth. We don't get it in our numbers for a year. So somebody goes out and sells something within the year, but we never get organic credit for that. And we get the revenues for it, but we don't get the organic growth credit in our numbers. So, I wouldn't say that the premise was, if the ones that we bought that they were -- they needed a restart.
Douglas Howell: I think you're missing the magnitude of this. In the quarter, let's call it, $10 million, we get $15 million in total here that gets pushed out on a $10 billion business next year. Okay, it's 10 or 15 basis points in there, but so that wouldn't be enough to change that 7% to 9% guide in there.
Douglas Howell: I think what we said is that over the next five or seven years, we'll need twice as many people there as we have there now. I think what's really exciting about all the work that we've done for almost two decades there now has put us in a position of being so standardized in many of the processes that we do. We now have the opportunity to unleash AI on that because that's already done. We have made that investment. And now what we can do is deploy AI against it. And, look, those folks, if you're going to hire twice as many folks, they're going to end up with better jobs over there because they're going to be using AI. So, our colleagues there are going to be well rewarded by deploying that technology into it. So, we are really fired up about it.
Douglas Howell: Well, first of all, we talked about that, I think, back in our April or June call that we were probably a little further ahead at that point of the year and our incentive comp accruals. So that's been contemplated in our guidance of margin expansion since way back then. So that -- I would say there's no new news of what we were expecting in December versus what we delivered this quarter. And what's the impact of it? It's not a point. I mean, so it's not a big number.
Douglas Howell: All right. So I think when you break down our organic, we usually have more net new versus lost is probably 3% to 4% on that. When you get some rate in there, probably, we're at that 2 points and maybe there's 2 points of it, that's 2 or 3 points that's exposure unit growth. I don't -- we're going to have more lift next year from new versus lost probably proportionately. So, if you break down 9%, it might be a third, a third, a third. If you break down 7%, it's probably half rate -- excuse me, mostly new business and then exposure unit growth again.
Douglas Howell: All right. So you got the rate sensitivity and you've got the amount of cash that we have on our balance sheet, that's not only ours, but our clients, okay? So, first and foremost, it's both the rate that we're earning and then it's the -- on what we're earning that on. Second of all, you've got the dynamic. You mentioned the Fed. The U.S. portion of that interest income is only about 45% of the numbers. So it's actually more heavily weighted to internationally, and you would expect that with kind of large reinsurance balances in some of the large specialty businesses that we have in the U.K. So you got to separate your thinking on that. The other thing, too, is that you've got the growth as it grew this year, it was not only because of rate that was going up, but it was also because of the way the reinsurance receivables migrated from Willis' books onto our books during the transition services agreement. So you got that dynamic in it. I think what you're trying to plumb for is how sensitive is that number to rate changes. I would say that it's price-sensitive $5 million per rate cut that the Fed does in the U.S. per year. So if there's 4 points in, there's $20 million -- four cuts that might be $20 million. Again, that's just answering your question about the Fed. How the other central banks, what they do with their policy next year, I just don't have that number right off the top of my head. But when you asked about the Fed, think about it as $5 million per cut.
Douglas Howell: Yes, it's important for -- yes, okay. You've got the premium finance just to make sure you know that there's expenses associated with premium finance that's down there. So that's a spread business. But you get -- gross is up. We get the revenues up above, and then we get the -- we have the operating expenses and the interest costs down below in operational.
Douglas Howell: All right. So, two things. You can see on Page 5, we have reaffirmed that we think that there'd be about $150 million worth of utilization of that balance in '24. And maybe when you get to '25, '26, '27 is somewhere around $180 million of utilization in a year. So, you need to think about it coming in over the next four years. There is a very small other balance of credits in there that I would say is a rounding there, and it has to do with when we construct our home office building. But for all intents and purposes, consider these credits to be from our clean energy work.
Douglas Howell: No, I said it -- I would say it would be in that same 7% to 9% range. I'm not going to see it outperforming that. And yes, we were pleasantly surprised by a few extra million bucks than we thought we were going to get there.
Douglas Howell: Maybe there's $5 million less than we had hoped on a few of them. But it's -- I mean, when you're looking at a $2 billion quarter, $5 million, it does move the percentage a little bit, but it doesn't -- it's not a meaningful that we are a sales organization, I look back last year, we had 11% one quarter, we had 7% in another quarter. We had 9%, 7%, 8%. So, it bounces around a little bit. So the fact that we brought it in within a 0.5 point or what we're looking at here, you do get some bounce around for a few million bucks here or there.
Douglas Howell: Yeah, we announced My Plan Manager acquisition here a month or so or two months ago. So that's the $60 million worth of revenue in that disability business down in Australia.
Douglas Howell: Well, listen, I think they had some -- they were posting 13 points, 14 points of organic growth. The market has shifted up there a little bit. So, I think they've been in the mid- to upper mid-single digits for the last four or five quarters. So, I don't see much of a shift going into 2024.
Douglas Howell: Yeah. We actually had a couple of really great new business opportunity that just didn't fall our way. For some reason, they decided to stay with the incumbent. So I think that if you normalize for those a handful of items, I think they would have had -- add 3 or 4 more points to it.
Douglas Howell: All right. Help me understand what you're looking at again. Tell me what you saw. I just didn't track to your question. Sorry about that.
Douglas Howell: Listen, remember, every time we buy something, you're going to get maybe four quarters of this disclosure. So as Buck runs that off, we also have Cadence and Eastern that are coming on in fourth quarter '24, but that's -- you can see it there, the 2000 -- second quarter 2,000, it falls away to nothing, right? It goes -- which it would even if it were $5 million a quarter, it's $95 million. So, that is what you're seeing there. It's just the run in a Buck that's no longer M&A roll over.
Douglas Howell: No, I just said they might be running more like 7% versus 9% in some things next year. So that's what I said. They would be more towards that lower end of that 7% to 9% range, just on the nature of their business.
Douglas Howell: Pause on that a little bit. Get the medical inflation that many are starting to worry about, we might have a different answer for you on that one, that heats up.
Douglas Howell: No, I didn't say that. I think that on the casualty lines, I think that would impact our base commission. I don't see it really eroding our supplemental or our contingents. If we do have a reserving, again, I don't like you to use word crisis, but if there's something like that, that happens may be something that, but I don't see that eroding the contingent commission substantially next year as they take rational and orderly rate increases.
Douglas Howell: No, my point was on the premium funding, there's -- the margin on that would be very similar to our Brokerage business. So that's not -- equity interest is not that big of a number. We just don't have that many 100%-owned entities on it. And then interest income, yeah, there's margin on that. But remember, interest income is to rise -- is there because there's inflation out there. We do have inflation in some of our categories like travel and entertainment, for instance, a substantial inflation in that. So if that -- if interest rates come down, then I would expect inflation on travel to come down also. So there are some offsets on it, but the premium funding business is 30 points of margin, something like that.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I just think it makes some logical sense, at least. When you take a look back, we saw this in the property side. Nobody touched values for five, six, seven years because inflation was zero. And so you've got a bunch of reserves on the casualty side, set at those very same years that all of a sudden you come into a spike in inflation. And yes, it's been tamped down, but it's still there. And you look back at those reserves and then you take a look at these settlements that are, in fact, nuclear. And you start to say, well, all right, how well are those reserves going to hold up? Now look, I can't speak for the industry as a whole. But my sense in the meetings that we're having and discussions we're having with a number of the various carriers is that they have some concerns there that they are not necessarily comfortable with exactly where they are. And so, our view on that is, okay, if you take a look at if there were inflation in those numbers and if it were something where you had to get them right, you'd have to see price increases in order to do it. I don't think that, that's something with the kind of payout structure that you have in casualty that you need to get in one year. So, I think you're going to see possibly affirming that does, in fact, take a few years to catch up with reality.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think open brokerage has been where we've had the real nice run-up. I mean it's probably double to triple what's going on in the program business. So, if you look at open brokerage that running around 13% to 15%, you're probably looking at 5% on the programs.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think -- well, I mean, any change in pricing is going to have an impact on organic. But I'm not -- no, I don't see carriers at this point saying, "Oh, the good news is I can take the price backwards." So, we are still seeing a push on property rate. And then you do, of course, have carriers incredibly focused on valuations. That kind of went by the wayside for years. There was no inflation, fine, 0% blah, blah, blah. Now claims are coming in, they didn't get their premium for it, the replacement costs are substantially higher than they may be predicted. And so, I think you do have a little bit of time left where there's going to be some valuation correction, and I do think there is a need for continued rate strengthening.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I'd tell you, first of all, let's remember. I think that when we do acquisitions, we like to talk about the fact that we're getting two things. We're not just getting revenue and earnings, which, of course, we want, we get. But we're getting terrific brains. And the bank-owned deals happen to be more sizable and they've got a lot of terrific people. And in addition to the brain power we're getting, we're getting expertise in the niches from the brain power, but we're also getting more volume in areas that now are spreading the brand. And it adds to that the virtuous circle of knowing about Gallagher, listening to the con-call, accepting the call. And I think what we're seeing is that our acquisition targets come aboard, and I guess this is the right way to phrase it, they kind of get on fire. It is our organic engine. There's no question about it. They come in. They've got a lot to say. Now, the bank deals are bigger. But if you take our day-in and down-out, roll-in acquisitions, these are people that more often than not have not been able to really tackle the large accounts in their own geography. In the minute they sign on to us, they're out telling those clients we're part of Gallagher, here's what we've got, let me tell you about the expertise we've got, let me show you some of the things that we do in data and analytics. You've all heard us talk about drive. What do people like you buy? What kind of limits should you have? So, we arm them with tools that they just -- whether they're in a bank or not a bank, they've never had before. So, the excitement level does not take a long time to resonate. The calls go out pretty immediately, "Hey, did you hear that we're part of another firm." And these are not folks that are in any way on their back foot. They are on the front foot and moving literally at the day of closing.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, in fact, Mike, I'll tell you what we're referring to in our process is the Gallagher effect. The Gallagher effect is what happens after you announced you're part of Gallagher. It's not a slowdown, explain it. It takes their list, their pipeline of prospects and energizes the team to go back and tell about we really have something new to talk about here. And it's not just about, I know you. I've called on you many times. I've got a good relationship in the marketplace. Can I talk to you about your pricing? It's a hard market, soft market, but no, no. This is -- let me bring some data and analytics. Let me show you what's going on in our niches. We have experts in your specific area that I think you're going to want to meet. It's pretty exciting, actually. When I get a chance to get involved, it turns me on.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yeah. Let me hit a couple of other items. Why would we need to double our employee count there because we're going to double the business. And that's going to lead to plenty of opportunities there. Secondly, and I think this is a hugely important point. Standardizing a Brokerage business from an agency system through the operating processes to things like issuing certificates of insurance is a [indiscernible]. It takes four, five years to bang it through. I've done it. It's a headache. We're there. We don't need to do it. We don't need to sell it. It's standard operating procedure. When you join us, you know that in your due diligence, you come aboard, you plan the effort to change into our agency system and you get rewarded for it by virtue of the data and analytics we can provide you to go out and sell. We don't need to sell our team on that. We don't need to prove it to them. We did that 15 years ago.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all, let me just say that when I look back, I can't tell you how proud I am of the team. We came into a year, new to the organization, we've got some expertise for sure that got paid, but it was very difficult a year ago. And we basically, in a tough environment, took care of our clients. And I think that's really -- we learned a lot all of us from that. And then we come around to this year, yeah, the supply and demand balance was a little easier, but what you've got now is a group of our clients that, number one, the price is up, and number two, demand is up. So, you've got pricing not coming down and people looking and saying, "No, okay, it's not as sloppy as it was a year ago, I'd like to get more of that." And we saw a bunch of that at 1/1. Remember, about 45% of our business is book 1/1. So, the year when it comes to cat property is pretty much in the bank. And it's been a great year. Easier to place than last year, but as I said, demand up and pricing up. So, it still remains a very good market for us, and one in which there aren't that many people, Greg, that can do what we do for our clients. And our larger competitors are very, very good. But it falls off pretty quick after us.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Facultative, but of course, now coming along with treaty clients and having our retailers -- here is an example of what you're talking about, where retailers are trying to get things done and oftentimes it's hard to place areas like property, et cetera. We are seeing our facultative opportunities grow. No, it's not brand new. But we are organizing ourselves better in the fac world. And I think we're getting -- we're in a better position today than six months ago to go out to our insurance carrier customers and our trading partners and say, "We want to participate in this. We want to help you." So, we are seeing an uptick in opportunities.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, you're seeing two things. One, our historical play in the Risk Management accounts, where you've got large accounts, you name it, whatever the large hotel chains or what have you, that are procuring our business on their accounts. And there's -- we've got a great, great year in that regard, and that includes public sector clients as well. And then as you know, we have over the last decade or so really focused on outsourcing of claims from insurance companies. And I don't have liberty on this call to name some of those because some of those carriers are pretty well-known carriers and not one that I necessarily have the approval to be touting. But from inside the organization, you look at some of these carriers you go, it's fantastic. And then, of course, the regional small companies that would like to expand that don't want to add infrastructure, they think they've got an opportunity in a given stage or geography. They don't want to be putting a lot of boots on the ground. We're picking those up as well. So, the team at GB is, in my opinion, just outperformed expectations every single year.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, let me put it this way, Andrew. I really believe this. I believe that it will not be unusual, and I believe that people will ask. "Did insurance companies pay their own claims? Why would they do that?" When I sit with some of our insurance company partners and explain to them that Gallagher Bassett pays substantially more claims in numeric numbers and substantially more dollars than they do in claims by line of cover, by geography, not just in the U.S., the first reaction is oftentimes shock. And again, I won't mention any names of carriers. They go no, no. Look, if you put a capital structure around GB and called it an insurance company, it'd be one of the five top insurance companies probably in the world. Think about that in terms of the amount of claim work that's coming through. And our focus, and this is, I think, really key, and what we're selling and we believe proving day in and day out is if you outsource your claim work to us, whether you are a large risk management account through self-insuring or whether you're a carrier, your outcomes will be superior. And if I look at an insurance company CEO and saying, "I think I'm worth or could help you find 2 points of ROE," it could be pretty dramatic.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Let me pile on that one, if you would, Michael. First of all, Doug, you're right on. They've been killing in Canada. High upper digit organic year in and year out, and now they're about 5%. That makes perfect sense to me, given where they've been. And I think the 5% is a great number.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Meyer. And let me just say thank you again for joining us this afternoon. And to our 52,000-plus colleagues across the globe, thank you for another fantastic year. Our achievements are due to all of your hard work and dedication. As thrilled as I am with our fourth quarter and full year '23 performance, I get even more excited when I think about our future. We operate in an essential industry for the economy within a fragmented market, having leader data and analytics and niche expertise and limited global market share. So I believe our opportunities for future growth are immense. And while I always say, we're just getting started. It's pretty cool to be Gallagher. We look forward to seeing you at our mid-March IR Day. Thanks for being with us today.
