Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well Greg, you hit on it. It’s awfully early but historically when we look back at major storms going all the way back to ‘92 with Andrew obviously Katrina, I’ll be giving a presentation down in Florida in a couple of weeks and I did go to the insurance information institute and get some information on the top 10 storms and Katrina was by far the largest. And then, second to that was a storm that was probably came in been around 15 billion to 20 billion. So you got the northeast, we’ve talked for years about the fact that a storm that took that track could in fact be the biggest storm ever because the value concentration that there in the northeast. Storm surge I know was unbelievably huge, but the winds weren’t as rough as it could have been. So I have no dollar amount and the industry, there is people rattling around through all numbers all left and right and I just think it’s way too early to tell. I will tell you from my experience though, the first numbers that you hear as the week unfolds that is next week unfolds, multiply it by two or three.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I actually mentioned this to the CEOs of the people we met with at the CIAB. This is my fourth cycle and it’s the first time in my career that what the CEOs of the insurance companies were saying is actually what the people on the street were seeing. Typically there is a disconnect there and it’s interesting. I think that the managements of the insurance companies today are supplied with much better information, their IT systems are solid. They know where they’re making money, where they’re losing money and why. They’re absolutely clear in their knowledge of what lost costs are doing. And lost costs are up in every instance. They recognize very clearly that there is no return on their investments that’s going on safe and then they have to have – they have to get their loss ratios in line. It’s an industry that hasn’t covered its cost of capital, but for a couple of years out of the last 30, they’re clear on that and they recognize in order to get any kind of ROE. They’ve got to be driving results in the mid to low 90s on combined loss ratio. So I think it’s a very positive circumstance. About a year ago, we would sit around and question whether these rate increases could stick given the surplus in the market. These are not balance sheet problems and they’ll all say that. We don’t have a problem right risk. We’ve got the balance sheet. It’s just we’re not going to put our capital out and not get a return. And so that resolve I think quite honestly, Greg, has actually got stronger as they’ve had more success getting the rates they need. Now if you take a look at the worker’s compensation line, it’s a disaster. And they know that, they’ve been very clear on where they’re making and not making money. So I think you’re going to see continued pressure to continue to get 4%, 5%, 6% increases and it looks like that could continue for quite a while.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah, I mean, I’m not going to comment on any of our competition, I’m just really pleased with our team. Our new business is solid, retention is very, very good and we’re out everyday chasing new accounts from the top of the organization down to the person in the mailroom. I mean that’s what we do. And I think it’s paying off. I also think that in our niche marketing approach where we concentrate our efforts on places where we really understand people’s business that creates better retention and actually better new business than anybody who is out there is just a generalist. And I think culturally we have an advantage, I mean one of the things that we do at this company very, very well is get the best talent we have in the marketplace at point of sale anywhere globally and the team comes together and does very, very well. It’s not unusual to have someone from London, someone from Houston, someone from Calgary and someone from Oklahoma City all work it on an energy account together and it’s very fluent. So I do believe that maybe we’re seeing the benefit of utilizing salesforce.com and their chatter product. It is in fact helping us bring our intellectual capital across the world together every day, you see request for help and the system all the time and frankly I just think we’ve got a culture of getting out and getting new business.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: We’re seeing continued and constant inflation in medical cost and insight comp, yes. That’s an industry-wide problem.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think that when it comes to organic growth I think that you’re going to see some bouncing around of organic growth. You saw it in all the other brokers that came out in the market are came out before us. I think that this is the sales process and this is a retention and I think our business is not a linear business where you’re going to see organic growth that’s consistently going up 1% every quarter or something like that. I think that we’re very pleased with 4% in this environment right now and the hard work that’s going on that we’d be very happy with 4%. And if it bounces with 5% to one quarter and down to 3% for one quarter, I don’t think you can read anything into that. And if you think about our business that’s $400 million worth of business this quarter – of volume this quarter, one point of organic growth is $4 million. When you spread that across 300 locations around the country I guess that’d be less 100 – like 200 locations on a brokerage side. We’re not talking about something that’s a systemic risk or a systemic change in the business.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Now I think it’s important now that we’ve done 43 transactions this year and people look at that and say, oh my god your activity is way up and how could you manage that. What have you? The company now has literally dozens and dozens of operations throughout the world who either joined us through the merger and acquisition process or are run by people who have done transactions. And so we have a pipeline that we manage every single month that is a global pipeline that these 43 transactions are, they’re long-term efforts to bring people aboard in our company. So we really don’t get to a point where we say we’re going to emphasize this division this month and this division next quarter whether it’s international or domestic. We’ve got people who are talking to and coding around the world all the time and when they’re ready to join us, we’re ready to make the deal happen.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well let me address that and it’s all anecdotal all right, so I don’t have – I’m not an economist and I don’t have any facts, but I do think that when I get a chance to talk to clients what I’m hearing is that their businesses are improving a bit. Now some of that is in areas like construction interestingly enough where there is a little bit more construction activity going on and our construction offices are doing better this year. Now better from a few years ago, being flat on their back, our temporary health businesses are doing extremely well. As some of our banking businesses are now coming back and doing better. It seems to be those that have survived the great recession actually have stronger businesses. I will tell you, as I said in my prepared remarks, we’re not seeing hire folks, there seems to be a real reluctance people are – I think one of the reasons our top health businesses are doing so well is that people are really actually reluctant to convert temporaries to full-time. So this is not – I’m not saying that we’re seeing 5% and 6% economic growth but I do think when you read The New York Times, Chicago Tribune this weekend and that’s 1.5% to 2% growth, I think that’s what we’re seeing.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Scott, just a week ago we had what we call our edge training group in, and edge training is all of our what we refer to is externs, people that have joined us through the internship program and it goes across all of our divisions. I spoke to them and I had lunch with them twice last week and I’d say we had a 150 young people that are just now coming into our industry that have been recruited from places all around, whether it’s from the insurance industry or from pharmaceuticals or whatever, we’re bringing them in, teaching them insurance, putting them back out into the field and light them up, and that’s a big part of what we do. As you might recall, we talked in the summer about having a 150 interns, these are usually sophomores and juniors in college that we hope to turn into externs and edge participants, and it’s working. So every year we’re driving new young people into our industry, we’ve got people out this week at a number of campuses recruiting and that’s again recruiting for sophomores so that’s kind of a little unusual, but it’s something we do culturally very, very well. And I think over time you’ll see that even be a bigger effort.Scott Heleniak – RBC Capital Markets: All right, sounds like positive. Thanks.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And then also I’d say, if we’ve got someone that’s waking up to the change of capital gains rules now, well that’s probably not someone we want to do a transaction with. As I said, these transactions take a long time, we spend a lot of time with these people, we expect them to come here and spend a lot of time kicking the tires, they do a considerable amount of due diligence as we do on their business. And so we’ll have a number of transactions in the fourth quarter but these will not be things that we’re spat up and rush through the door.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: We’ve had a ton of conversations, the earlier part of your phrase there we have this all the time, look, we think that you’d probably be the right people to sell to but we’re just not ready that just stays in the pipeline and we keep talking to them.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well the European economy is not what we’d like it to be, England is probably better than the continent but the nice thing about our business and the wonderful thing about insurance is you got to buy it whether you want to or not. So from a demand side we’re seeing consistent renewals and we are seeing organic growth in the Heath book. It’s been a lot of work, we’ve spent a lot of time on this integration and team has done an excellent job but when you add their natural growth because they do have a good sales culture in many of the operations outside of the city of London and in London for that matter. If you add that sales cultured and we’re bringing an awful lot of spec to that as well and our acquisitions and our organic recruiting we’ve got very big plans continuing to grow that business.
Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: All right. I think that’s what we’ve got time for, so I’ve got just a quick rap up comment. It’s good to have three solid quarters behind us in 2012. Doug mentioned this, if rates continue to firm or hold firming and the economy holds up we will perform well in 2012 and we should have done good momentum going into 2013. Our team is excited, in return to that and we’re winning and we like that. So thanks for being with us this morning and all of you out east, best to you and hope things get better quickly. Thank you, Rob.
Douglas Howell: I think that we mentioned though this is our seventh consecutive quarter of organic growth. The fourth quarter of last year was a particularly strong quarter and if you recall, we had an outstanding benefits quarter that quarter. And I think if the careers continue to push for rate if the economy doesn’t sputter and there is nights flat or up in exposure units, I think that you’re going to see a low to mid single digits type organic growth for the next few quarters. It might have some year-over-year compare issues in the fourth quarter because of our fourth quarter last year was so strong. But I don’t see this is a plus 10% type in organic growth environment. We would be very happy to constantly be stamping out 3%, 4%, 5% organic growth in this environment based on everything we’re hearing.
Douglas Howell: Meyer, this is Doug. We see most of our merger partners having margins very consistent with what our larger, what the overall book of business is showing. We did have an exception on that with Heath Lambert if you call that was margin lager compare that our other operations and we’ve been working hard to improve that but by and large most of the deals that we’re doing have margins very similar to ours and that’s one of our strategies. We try not to buy turnarounds, we try not to buy retirements, we try not to buy one-trick pony type agencies, we want to buy strong agencies and brokers that have a desire to join our niches to bring expertise to us and then – and use that to help continue to sell their clients and sell larger clients too, so very similar to our margins.
Douglas Howell: Not really, the integration cost on these deals is – it takes a lot of effort from internal resources, but by and large our integration costs don’t drag us down for more than two or three months on these deals and they’re pretty modest.
Douglas Howell: Also remember Meyer our job is to mitigate increases. One of the things we do for our clients is when the increases come in make sure that we’ve got the best product in the market at the best price. So we’re working against those increases in many instances.
Douglas Howell: Yeah, we did have a lot of activity. Share count, we use shares this – the share count increased this quarter arises really from three different pieces, shares that we used in acquisitions, shares that we used in our earn outs and then just the natural dilution that’s happening because the stock price last year was $27 a share and this it was $35, $36, so we had dilution just because of the increase of the share price. In terms of using shares in acquisitions, we don’t expect to use a lot of them in the fourth quarter. You’ll see us use some shares in the first quarter next year because that’s our seasonally by far our smallest quarter. In terms of the amortization, we – when you do these small deals like that a significant portion of the purchase price is allocated towards amortization rather than goodwill, I think we value everyone on an individual basis. So we do produce significantly more amortization from small deals than we would do if we did a very large deal on a big portion of that goes to goodwill. But again, its non-cash and we think a better metric to look at us on an EBITAC basis.
Douglas Howell: I think the best thing to do is to probably look at, I’ll pull it out here and I’m talking to you, if you use our quarterly supplement and you go to page four of the supplements post on the website, we give it you the brokerage segment on an adjusted basis so that’ll take out any, if we have some small valuation write-offs or something, but it looks to me like amortization is, if you go back to the first quarter of 2001 it was $16 million a quarter, fourth quarter of 2011 pardon me, fourth quarter was $19 million and then now we get $20 million, $22 million, $24 million because of the acquisition activity it’s going to priced up $2 million a quarter if we continue at the same level of acquisitions.
Douglas Howell: Well I think that we look at it on, when we look at international deal, one of the big things that we try to look at is, what kind of trade can they do with our existing operations in London, just like we do here in the U.S. If we have an acquisition target that we think that’s nicely in one of our niches, that’s a much more attractive acquisition and then something that’s just going to stand on its own and not trade with other parts of Gallagher. I don’t think that that at this point, we look at every deal and we think the returns both international and domestic were about the same. So at this point, we’re not waiving one versus another.
Douglas Howell: I think that it’s probably a little early for us to digest what’s going to happen with Sandy. I’ll tell you that right now, but I think in terms of overall supplementals and contingents’ of the careers are still getting the rate that they’re – that they need to do in order to get their distribution system and I think that supplementals and contingents are going to hang in there next year. It will be interesting to see there is starting to be a little bit more push to move from supplementals into contingents and remember if that’s the case, we wouldn’t be accruing supplementals next year it would push into a contingent in January, February of 2014. So by the time we do our January call I should be able to give you a better feel for that because I think our teams have been talking to the careers and have a better understanding, but I don’t see a dramatic shift in contingents or supplementals one way or another next year.
Douglas Howell: I think that we have $200 million to $300 million capacity that would be kind of below the industry standard of 18, 19. I think that we have about $125 million to $130 million of cash on our balance sheet right now. In terms of thinking about long-term, we did go to 2.75 times EBITAC and still be NAIC 2 rated and since we use the private placement market for most of our – for all of our borrowing, there is substantial capacity on that. That would be $500 million to $700 million of debt capacity there. Right now I think we’re looking at what we want to do with debt and we’ll look at in I think the rates are pretty favorable right now. I think our M&A pipeline is strong and so it’s something that we’ll take a look at between now and January.
Douglas Howell: Well I think that we don’t actually give information with respect to producer at headcount but I can tell you that we do have a growing producer headcount population. One of the key strategies of doing these small tuck in acquisition is entirely that, there is a work trying to get producer count. So if you count the acquisition adds for producers were up substantially, organically, we still are having success attracting producers to come to Gallagher, we have an extremely stable management team that’s in the brokerage space right – brokerage segment right now, and we’re finding that producers that know how to sell and if they want to work with our niches they find a nice home at Gallagher. So we’ve been successful in recruiting some producers to us also.
Douglas Howell: Yeah that’s all organic.Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Yeah okay. All right great, thank you very much.
Douglas Howell: Well, deal pipeline – we think our deal pipeline is very good I mean there is, I mean we say it all the time it’s strong but it is really strong. We are more than happy to move quickly for those people that we’ve known for long time but we’re not interested in just pushing to get a deal done. We’re not in an hurry to do a bad deal by year end just because the sellers might be worried about capital gains rates changing, we have a tremendous pipeline right now, the benefit space is extremely hot right not, they looked us as benefit brokers as Pat said are looking to jump on our expertise. So I don’t think the election is going to have a big change from where we sit right now one way or another.
