J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Three things on that. As I think that with a such a heavy weighted new GAAP first quarter, we probably won't see that kind of lower seasonality in the first quarter that we had in the past. But it will take us a year or two years probably to figure that out. In terms of our guidance going forward, I think, what the rate tailwinds that we're seeing, exposure growth growing, you know, a little tailwind for that I think, that we'll see a full year 2018, a lot like 2017, but a little bit better. So if we're in the mid 4s, maybe we're in upper 4s, this will be added to interpret that at this point.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Okay, a couple questions there. Yes, maybe may be a little bit fueled by the strong employee benefit first quarter, but you know, maybe 10 basis points, something like that. Looking forward, we typically see most of our margin expansion that happens in the first half of the year. And then in the second half of the year, if we get into mid-year raises or whatever, we don't see quite as much margin expansion in the last half of the year. But I think that for above 4%, there's some opportunities that continue to expand margins there.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: The pipeline is that strong. In the event that we do have excess cash for the end of the year, we would repurchase stock, but our pipeline is pretty strong right now.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: It wobbles all over the place, Mark. We're constantly out talking to people. Some take 10 years to close, others you can get done in six, seven months, so it just – it rises and falls with the people that are coming on and off the list. There's no real magic to it.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah. I think that listen, we would have – I think if you add supplementals and contingents together, we're at somewhere around about $85 million compared to $83 million last year, up about 2.3%. If we would have had another $1 million, $1.5 million, we would have been about 4%. I wouldn't read too terribly much into that at this point. But, they're growing 2.5%. Maybe next quarter they'll grow a little more or right in that same range. So I wouldn't overthink it too much.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Greg. This is Pat. Primarily a couple things. First of all, the capabilities that we've developed are second to none. And so if you're going to look at a private equity roll-up or something like that, the cash numbers are what they are. If that's the direction you want to go in, great. But if you really are excited about expanding your business, if it's something that you love this business, you love to sell, you've been in a town, you've had a small firm and you can't walk into the university and start talking about their insurance. You're not going to get past the first door. We do a ton of those types of accounts. There's not an account on the planet right now anywhere in the world of any size that we can't do and that turns people on. The analogy I use all the time is when you come for a visit, I am going to show you the candy store and there's people who buy into that. And then, secondly these folks, many of them are hypersensitive to culture. They want to land their people in a place that feels like them and you can't do that in a private equity world. So we don't win them all and I'm not sitting here today with this pipeline saying, we're going to close them all, but we're competing on a different story and when that story resonates with people, by the way we're not asking them to give up a boatload of money, we will help them sell and grow and they'll make their earn out. So it's not like we're not competitive. But, the fact is the people who buy into those two things tend to join us.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, Kai, first of all, I think you know where I come from on this. When I'm just short of a point up and I'm just short of a right at a point down, to me that's flat. It's helpful, it's not hurtful. And really what it does is it lets us go out in the marketplace and sell these capabilities. When you're in a historically old stock market and prices are dropping 10%, 15%, someone that has no real capabilities can lob a quote under the table that kills you. So this is a perfect market for our organic growth, for our people to be outselling, the things that we do so darn well and not have get whacked on the side of a head by a quote you never saw coming. But one point up, one point down, frankly that – to me, that's flat.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: All right. It's couple of questions there. Wage pressure is there and then we also – we have an outlet for that though with our Offshore Centers of Excellence. We have the ability to move more work into lower cost labor location. So that helps us control the wage inflation that you see in the UK, the U.S., Australia and New Zealand, a little bit in Canada. In terms of other cost pressures, yeah, just consumable they are not a big portion of what we do. We have some debts in chairs and office equipment and communication. There's still efficiencies that we can be gained there. So the real place comes in, the wage inflation and for us our challenges become more productive, use technology more to our benefit and we think that will help control the cost side of the equation. In terms of opportunities to invest in growth, we're seeing that all over in our organization, people are using data more. They're using creative advertising and direct marketing techniques. So there's opportunities for us to use to channel some of that, well I would call services expense and channel it back into organic growth, fueling type exercises. So that's what we're seeing inside the organization.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: So I think first of all, yes it is mostly hurricane-related property, non-cat exposed is up, cat exposed where there were losses are up probably 10% to even a little bit more than 10%. And those that are not cat exposed that didn't burn the market, you're still looking at 3% to 5%. And I think that when you think about where the rates were pre-hurricanes, they were as low as they've been in over a decade. So I do think that the rate increases are justified, they are selling in the market now. Some of the quotes that originally came out at more like 20%, 25% increases are that those aren't going to hold. But I don't see a return to a vast soft market anytime quickly. Once the balance sheets have had a chance to heal a little bit and the wind doesn't blow, then you'll see the rates come down again.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I do. And I see that also in particular. It's really interesting. When I started, hard and soft markets were across the entire spectrum. This is a bunch of markets inside the – by line. So comp is down a little bit. Well it deserves to go down. And then you have transportation is up somewhat. Well guess what, in particular, distracted driving is crushing the market. So these markets are moving as they should, based on the results by line.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No, here's the thing. It varies. As I travel the network globally, it varies. So in Australia, for instance, you're seeing kind of mid-single digit range kind of almost everything's up. You get to the London specialty market and we think we're getting close to bottom, but there's still a tad bit of softness there. Then you travel around the United States, it's tougher in Florida and in Texas than it is in Illinois for sure. But I think it's really – well, when you step back from it, I continue to come back at this with you guys on these calls. Rate is really not impacting our results much. When you spread it across all that we're doing, some is up, some is down, but it's in this range of okay, cat property's up, that's nice, and that's necessary. But it's really a flattish market, and it has been for about eight years. Now, I'd also tell you down 3% up 3% I'd tell you is flat. I'm not going to lose an account, frankly, for 3%, but I'll lose an account for 23% and I think that when I'm at 3% up, 3% down which is now 1% up, 1% down, I can sit there with a client and talk about the fact that we've provided unbelievable service beyond the price of insurance. The things that we do to help their business and help them grow their business on the property casualty side or become a destination employer on the benefit side, that's really meaningful to them. It's not just about the price. So to me it's kind of the perfect environment.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: No. I think in fact it could be helpful. For 100 years, I've been asked why Gallagher Bassett? Why do you stick with the claims business? Marsh got out of the TPA business, Anne really didn't like the business. Why are you hanging in there, especially on the property casualty side TPA. Well, here's the reason. You have billions and billions and billions of dollars of premium and every year about $0.60 on the dollar turns into a claim. So if you're going to be helpful and you're going to really do a job for someone and you neglect the claim side of it, I think you miss an opportunity for our shareholders and you miss an opportunity to be really distinct in the market. The fact that markets are consolidating, the fact that they're getting better and better at their own data, and the fact that we're driving the belief that our outcomes are superior and we're willing to put up our numbers. This is a – if you want to do as of dates off our system, et cetera, et cetera types of claims, parts of body, geography, what country, we can do that. And I believe that the next generation of CEO is not going to feel that their claim department is the be-all and end-all. They're not going to say I can't outsource any of this because they will do a bad job. And I think that when it gets to a point where they're really looking at their returns and their ROE, they're going to have to say maybe there's a better way to do it. And so no, I don't see the – the consolidation is not going to take claim work away. It's just going to put it into one bigger house.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Good question. We've been working on that a lot. We said we consolidate our bank accounts, we've improved our international cash flow, in particular, free cash in particular because when we did the four or five larger international acquisitions, we went through a consolidation effort and that's really paid off and generated a lot of cash. Where are we in the U.S., that's pretty mature at this point. So I don't see further working capital generation in the U.S. We've got a little ways to go yet internationally on that, but I think the big push on that that we start talking about 2 1/2 years ago was pretty well behind us.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Oh yeah. I mean, a huge part of workers' compensation is medical. So you're going to constantly fight that battle and an awful large part of the cap business is medical only. So there's – that's why the managed care techniques are so important. That's why the purchase of pharmaceuticals and how you do that and manage that is so important. It's why getting people back to work is so important because there's huge inflation in that and add wage inflation to it, there's natural inflation there as well.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Thank you very much. Well, as you heard today, we had a great first quarter and I'd like to personally thank all of our employees across the globe for their hard work and our clients for their continued support. 2018 should be another great year for Gallagher as we execute on our value creation strategy. We will grow organically. We will grow through mergers and acquisitions. We will constantly work to improve our quality and productivity, and every day we live and promote our unique culture. Thank you for being with us this afternoon.
Douglas K. Howell: Closings tend to be a little slower in the first quarter because there's usually a push to get something done by year-end. So historically we've closed more deals in the last three quarters of the year than in the first.
Douglas K. Howell: No. I think, you've heard – I don't – I have said it a couple times before, but we're in that range right now where as we look the way our margins are positioned, we have opportunities to reinvest in the business in certain areas that we think will fuel growth. And so at 3% pretty tough to do, at 4%, it kind of just happens in between, one quarter it might be up a little bit, one quarter might be flat. But I – so the words change probably compared to where we were three or four years ago, but in the last couple times we've had a chat about, that's kind of where we feel right now. Obviously, if we had sustained 3.3% organic growth for the next five years, you'll probably see some natural growth in margins, but you also have to look at wage inflation, cost inflation, so that's why I was saying probably in that 3% to 4% range, flattish, up a little bit or flat is probably where we are. Over 4% I think it just naturally happens.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah. If you look at the five lines, clean energy hasn't moved hardly at all. Corporate hasn't moved at all. M&A hasn't moved at all. It's the additional interest expense that we will get on the new debt and then we have the $6 million impact of tax reform. Those are the two lines out of those five that have shifted.
Douglas K. Howell: I think that technically a year ago, we were probably flat. We probably didn't have much lift or pressure from that. That's really what our comments were, and then we're up – we're seeing about up 80 basis points right now. So it's really not 2%, it's 1% down the year.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah, I think, I think we are below seven times on our acquisitions this quarter. I think that those were smaller mergers, and I think the price we paid is fair in light of our operations, but I don't know for whole below 7% going forward, I think it will be up probably average closer to 7.5 or 8 times in the next quarter. In terms of the – the recent personal lines IPO, I read the red herring, I look that the price come out on it, that personal lines, we do a lot of personal lines.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah. Good question. (00:37:27). But there's some component in there that's an adjustment for our estimates at 12/31. There's a smaller component in there that might be a continued run rate if we don't get some technical corrections done. But I probably – we'd probably could put as an adjustment but we just thought that since it was commingled be it just put it where it is, and call it out.
Douglas K. Howell: I'll let Doug handle the margin side of it because the answer to that is yes, it's very labor intensive, but I'll talk to you about the – what I see the business opportunities to be. First of all if you take a look at Gallagher Bassett paying $10 billion of claims out in a year, that market share is nil, it's zero and it's unbelievable. You've got about $5 billion according to Insurance Information Institute. There's about $5 trillion of premium in the globe and that's including life, health and everything else. Property casualty, you'd know the number better than I. But when you take 60% of that number, let's just call it a trillion, we are we are so far from having any market share which is a beautiful thing. So, you're right. Not every CEO is going to start thinking the best thing in the world to do is outsource. But it's a fast growing part of Gallagher Bassett's business. It's become very, very meaningful. We've organized around it as a separate segment for Gallagher Bassett, and I think there is huge opportunity there. When I have some of my partner market meetings at places like the Broadmoor RIMS and talk to some of our markets and I'll say to them what you don't realize is that Gallagher Bassett pays more claims than you do. And some of these are household names and they'll go, no. I'll go, yeah, no, we actually do. And we have more money to invest in our systems, new products, the things that I mentioned in my commentary today than you do and it's kind of a shocking silence. So, I think that's just over the next 20 years, 25 years, gets stronger and stronger. And I do think the business outsourcing model, it won't dominate, but I do think in the long run, it will prove to be a better model and those CEOs are not going to be able to overlook the return.
Douglas K. Howell: And remember also, we're not trying to pick up their entire claim handling organization. What we're doing is we're going into deep verticals where we can prove, we can customize the claim delivery, we can deliver it in the way that they want with our expertise behind it, we provide great career paths inside of this for the adjusters and the specialists. And so as a result, in a deep vertical, we can provide superior claim outcomes. It is a – it's not as geared leverage wise. If you think about the Brokerage business, 50% to 70% of the growth can possibly hit the bottom line organically. In the Risk Management business, you're probably looking at 30% of it, you can hit the bottom line. It's because it's still a labor-intensive business. But our automation, our scale are coming on and it's allowing us to continue. I mean, if you go back four or five years ago, I think our margin in that business was 13% or 14%. So there has been margin improvement in it.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, I wouldn't say versus the Brokerage segment just by the sheer size differential but there is opportunity there. There's still lots of opportunities for us and I'm glad that you remember listening to our Chief Service Officer talk in March to the group. There's opportunities still on our Brokerage side too.
Douglas K. Howell: And you realize though that that's not technically Gallagher Bassett's cost, that's the self-insured or carriers that we provide to claim service to. But that's why they come to Gallagher Bassett because they realize, you've got this undying inflation that's going on in medical costs. So what are the ways to leverage our scale, our knowledge, our capabilities to try to bend that curve a little bit.
