Douglas Howell: No, you have it about right. I think that's right. We had -- no, we didn't give raises this quarter. So that would have dampened to 1.2% a little bit, but you're looking at it the right way. 
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think probably when we looked at it 6 weeks ago, that probably would have been about right. I think right now, we are learning a lot as a result of this crisis, and we are finding ways to deliver service and advice clearly more cost effectively than prepandemic. But I think what matters in the end is what we spend will be highly correlated at least to how our clients' prospects and underwriting partners expect us to do business. That will determine really how much we travel, how much we communicate virtually. Do they want to be entertained anymore? How much do we advertise? And how do we advertise in the market? And then also it drives what investments in technology and technical resources we are -- that we need in order to service and compete in the market. It also goes further when you look at what it takes to attract and retain talent. That will dictate a lot on how we leverage our work-from-home capabilities, maybe where we locate our offices, how we configure them. And then also a little impact how we train, develop and mentor our folks. So that will influence the ultimate cost savings. And then also, one thing I have to say as being experts in employee benefits, we truly hope that our employees get back to utilizing our medical health and welfare plans. We need everybody to be doing their prevented exams and getting the services they need. Nothing good comes from delays in getting your medical treatment. And that saved us several million dollars this quarter. So when I bring it all back together, over the long term, could we be saving $30 million to $40 million a quarter after we adjust the real estate footprint as we adjust postage express, office occupancy cost, maybe hire some of the external resources that we were using externally. Yes, maybe we could get to that number. So it wasn't far off as a guess, but it will really depend a little bit on how our clients' prospects and underwriting partners want us to do business. 
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think they'd be receptive to that. I think we've seen that with other brokers. So that would seem reasonable that they would be willing to accommodate that. Do we have the appetite to do that? We probably won't push our debt ratios very much at all, but I think they could be willing to listen to that. 
Douglas Howell: All right. So first of all, let's go back. What do we think in the future? In the third quarter, we think they're going to be $65 million to $70 million of savings. We won't give some of that back up because there are some costs coming back into the structure. In the fourth quarter, might be closer to a $60 million to $70 million. We might have to give back another $5 million there somewhere. But that's the way we sit today. The margin expansion that Elyse talked about is 2 things is we did have some strength in our supplementals and contingents this quarter, which probably drove a little bit of that margin expansion. Longer term, we think we're learning a lot about our business. And so I think there could be opportunities here for us to do things differently because our clients' expectations have changed in this 4 month period. And the question is, will they stay that way? Or will they expect to see 5 people showing up for a meeting for an hour? Or are they okay with our industry experts not getting on a plane, traveling a day for a half hour presentation. We're finding some really good success in that, that we can put our niche experts at the point of sale, and our customers are much more willing to accept a virtual face-to-face versus a real face-to-face. So there is going to be some savings on that, that survives. So margin expansion, we've always said it's hard to expand margins if it's below 3%. And we are okay at 2% with a little strength in supplementals and contingents. We got a point of margin expansion out of it in the near term. I think it would be pretty hard to post 2% organic growth for the next 3% and expand margins a percentage point a year. I think that would be difficult. Get us over 3%, we can hold in there, get us over 5% -- 4% or 5%, we'll expand them. So I don't see that changing much from what we provided in the past. But there's opportunity there, but -- yes, I think that this in the near term, 1% organic -- or excuse me, margin expansion on 2% organic is a pretty darn good quarter. 
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think there's probably a little bit -- a small, little bit of catch-up in the second quarter. A lot of these things get paid in the first quarter. We have like hundreds and hundreds of contingent commission contracts and even several hundred supplemental contracts. So we probably will have some positive development in our second quarter a little bit, but might be targeting a couple million bucks on announcement. So the team does a really good job of making estimates. I think what happens in the future because of the pandemic, loss ratios are hanging in there pretty well. So -- and it's -- our cost and value that we deliver right now. I think that we're earning our contingents and earning our supplementals, and I think we've got a pretty fair series of contracts. I think the carriers -- yes, that will hold up well with the carriers. So I don't see anything out of the ordinary in this. 
Douglas Howell: Probably more of the second. It is highly dependent on that. I wish I had a crystal ball, and I think all of us would kind of hope that they come back a little bit faster because that means the economy gets back to zooming, people are back to work. I don't mean zooming face-to-face. I mean, the economy is moving fast and forward. Guys, I think you want to have some expenses coming back in to our number. 
Douglas Howell: I think it'd be much the same as what we've got now. I don't see a lot of difference between the third quarter and the second quarter for our P&C business or our benefits business. So it was back about 3% this quarter. 
Douglas Howell: Rates are down 2-ish, maybe 3%, something like that. But if you talk about exposure units being down, I can probably dig that out here for you in a second, but let me work on that. 
Douglas Howell: Well, I think that it might have to do with the mix of our business, too. As you know, we look at this in high, medium and low impact industries. And when we look at that, and stack it up. We have a lot of business that's in very low impact industries. So right now, you're not seeing the decreases in workers' comp and benefits in those industries at this point, even the medium categories, we're not seeing it. So there could be a convergence on it. 
Douglas Howell: I am jumping on too. Our workers comp business was down 2% in the quarter, so -- and if our benefits business is about 3%, we're seeing it there, but it's... 
Douglas Howell: Just a couple of clarification. We can't wait for our employees to get back using their medical plan. So I wouldn't call that necessarily a bad guy. We want our folks to access our medical plans. 
Douglas Howell: No, that's okay. I just want to make sure we -- but we all know -- we don't want a severity problem coming out at the end of the year because people aren't getting their annual exam. So if that costs us a $5 million to $10 million a quarter, we're happy to spend it. I think that other bad guys, I wouldn't call travel bad, so I won't quibble on that. Do we have some other good guys that could come through? I think that we've done a pretty good job in the near-term of getting down to a number that's going to be harder to keep than it is harder to create more of them. So I think that we're about where we are in this environment. So I wouldn't expect too many good guys to offset the bad guys using your terminology coming through in the third and the fourth quarter.  So I think our estimates are pretty close. And if you think about it, we gave you an estimate between $50 million and $75 million when we came out of the gates here in April, 30 days into it, and we hit $74 million so I think we've got a pretty good insight about where we're spending money and what's going to stick and what's going to come back in. 
Douglas Howell: Right. So if you look at it, let's say, there were 25 SIC codes in there what we picked in the second quarter. Of the high-impact 25, we got 20 of them right -- excuse me, 21 of them right, and then we had 3 of them in the medium category that probably moved up to high. When you get to the low kind of the same thing, and the medium, not much. So our pick on low, medium and high coming out of the gate, 3 weeks into this thing, I would say, is pretty damn good. And so I feel fairly comfortable that those are the impact businesses that we forecasted in the near term. We'll see what happens over the next longer-term and whether our picks are going to be right again. But we did a pretty good job of it. So I think that we've got a good insight into the nature of our business. So... 
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think you've got to go back and reset and take us basically. If you think about, we were expanding margins about 1 point a year, and we've been doing that 70 basis points a year for the last 5 or 6 years. If we get into a 5% organic growth environment, you're going to see us give back some of these savings, and then you're going to also see us just our natural continued margin improvement programs, you would be back into kind of that 50 to 70 basis point margin expansion on 5% organic growth. So you're looking at it the right way. But would there be a reset compared to second quarter next year? Probably because if we're back to -- if you put in $30 million or $40 million of expenses, and you're taking 70 basis points on $6 billion, you get in $40 million. It's about a push, maybe a little expansion. 
Douglas Howell: One thing we are seeing, Mark, we're seeing a lot of people on our webinars. We're doing a lot of joint webinars with -- between the benefits in our P&C business. So there is interest in learning. We did a back to work, safety in the workplace, webinar. So we are getting customers that are interested in thinking about how their 2021 medical plans and health and welfare plans should look in this environment. So that could lead to some better growth in the fourth quarter or first quarter next year as people are trying to redesign their plans. Third quarter, I don't know if you'll see it quite yet. 
Douglas Howell: Yes. One of the things, we don't have that many people that actually have been technically furloughed. Maybe there's 100.5, something like that, that we've furloughed. So I think that what will happen after furlough, we're hoping we're bringing them back. 
J. Gallagher: Well, first of all, Elyse, as you know, July is a very big month for us. So it's a good bellwether. And we had a very, very strong July. And so I think as we sit here today, if things don't completely fall off the table in August and September, we feel just exactly the way we phrase it today. 
J. Gallagher: Well, Mike, this is Pat. I think you touched on a very good subject. But let me go back to our genesis. I mean Gallagher Bassett was started in 1962, basically, to take care of the claims for Petrus Foods with a Fortune 100 company at that time. So we've been in the large account risk management business since the 60s. Now over the past number of years, we've gotten much, much stronger in that business as well, both on the claims service side as well as on the brokerage side. And yes, I think that the fact that the 4 top players are going to consolidate to 3 is clearly giving us more opportunities. And as I said, our capabilities have gotten stronger and stronger, and we feel really good about our chances to expand that business. 
J. Gallagher: Phil, let me hit that too, this is Pat. We haven't gone to see a client in 3 months. That isn't going to hold up. So there will be bump in your models full of no travel, no face-to-face, no entertainment, no new people. We're writing a lot of new business, and we're going to service that business. And there is pressure in the field to take a trip to see a client. We do have clients that are back at work now saying to come see us. And we've got very stringent restrictions for health and safety reasons about whether we're even letting our people do that. Believe me, we get a vaccine, and our people are going back [indiscernible], myself included. I haven't been on the ground this long since I was 11 years old. 
J. Gallagher: A big part of the drop in benefits is also related to project work and onetime stuff that we do when the economy is robust. Then people are willing to spend and come in and help me communicate with my people. Right now, they're more willing to not necessarily communicate as well. They'll take that burden on themselves. So it's projects and things like that, that also diminished in the quarter that we'll have to see a return to prior growth to get that kind of project work back. But the underlying health and welfare business does probably look more like work comp. 
J. Gallagher: Or down because one of our key jobs is to help those clients in a difficult environment navigate what they spend. So people will take limits down. You had a $100 million umbrella this renewal or this expiration. Do you need $100 million next year, maybe it should be $50 million. Your retention was $150 million, should we take it to $250 million. There's a lot of work that we do around that, that helps our clients mitigate the cost of their insurance, while at the same time, protecting their future. 
J. Gallagher: I'd say that -- I think I was referring more to PC in my comments on July, Mark, it's only fair to say. I think what you're seeing in benefits now is systemic, and I think that will continue. Now I will tell you from getting into the sales force data, et cetera or what have you, we did have a good July in new business. So people are still looking at needing help around both their health and welfare and retirement and all the other aspects. So I think new business will be good. But I do think you have an underlying softness in what's going forward with employment, et cetera. So I would not be predicting a stronger third quarter. 
J. Gallagher: Mark, you know that you've heard us say this 1,000 times. 90% of the time when we compete, we're competing with smaller local brokers. And believe me, they're wondering now what else is out there. And those relationships are strong, for sure. I mean, our new business would even be higher. We don't win all the time. But just to put this in perspective, in the second quarter, our webinars, where, as Doug said, we combined property casualty and benefits in many of them around things like return to work. Unprecedented attendance, with 60,000 people attend webinars in the second quarter on content and material that we're putting out. We haven't had 60,000 people attend in 10 years. 
J. Gallagher: I think -- yes. I think that, that is a possibility. I think that when the furlough support and the unemployment support erodes, yes, I do think you could see those people actually have their jobs disappear. 
J. Gallagher: Well, let me take number 2 first. I think I've said this publicly a number of times. Capsicum is the single best start-up I've been involved with in my career. And we were very pleased to get the final acquisition of the remaining equity over the line. That team is an excellent team. They've had an excellent first half and continue to do just a terrific job of expanding that business. And so what we started with 5, 7 years ago, literally from dead scratch today is really -- it's remarkable. So that team is doing a great job. And they'll continue to. The opportunities, I guess I've been -- in my career, I've seen an awful lot of consolidation. I've gone through -- if you look at who is out there competing with us, 30 years ago, 20 years ago, and how many of those have consolidated down, consolidation offers this opportunity. And I think Capsicum is very well positioned to take advantage of that. And I'll be blunt with you. The big buyers of reinsurance don't like it. 
J. Gallagher: Okay. Operator, I think that's it. And let me just make a quick comment, and we'll say good evening. Thank you again for joining us this afternoon. As we said over and over, we delivered an excellent quarter. It's a difficult economic environment, but I remain confident that we have the right platform and strategy in place to successfully navigate these challenging times for the rest of this year and hopefully, in better times next year. Thank you all for being with us this afternoon. We really appreciate it. 
