Douglas Howell: Yes, I think, Elyse that item, Pat and I were looking. I think it’s just a little more conservative than we are seeing here in this year. There are you know we will see how our contingents and supplementals come out next year. We’ll see how the if there is -- if there’s any slowdown at all in the economy, we’re not seeing it now, but I think a 5% pick feels more it’s more like 5% than it’s 6% that's for sure.
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think, Elyse, I think it’s important to look at page 5 of the CFO commentary, for just acquisitions that we’ve closed and we have announced thus far this year, the roll-on impact is 92 million bucks in the first quarter 80 million in the second, but then there’ll be new acquisitions that come on there too. So yes, if you push up your interest expense and your model, you need to make sure that you put in the role and impact of the acquisitions that we’re using that debt for.
Douglas Howell: Yes, it’s about 7 basis points in the fourth quarter of margin left next to nothing on that. We had -- maybe I think for the whole in the third quarter is 40 basis points if my memory is right or maybe it’s 10 basis points of positive in the first second and a little bit here in the fourth. So year-to-date not much.
Douglas Howell: First I see 2019 very similar to 2018. So that will help you on that one. In terms of why, I think it really comes down to the fundamental investment layer that’s going on inside of the business. We’re seeing – we’re investing heavily in data analytics, sales support tools, branding, sales support on the marketing side. So there is an investment layer there Kai, that’s happening underneath. As for actual wage inflation, as you know that we feel like we have a little bit of a safety valve on that with our offshore centers of excellence where we can continue to move work to lower cost labor locations. So the real cost is that the any additional cost that we’re spending are primarily going to two things that we believe should help us grow better in the future.
Douglas Howell: Yes, I think the one that’s inflating the first quarter numbers in terms of the revenue per acquisition as we announced Stackhouse Poland in the U.K. We think that’s a terrific addition to our growing retail operations there. The multiple on that was above 10 times, but I think our portfolio for the year, this year was three times. And then again for anything we do in the U.S. our tax credits bring that number down. As a matter of fact, it ends up being a multiple about 7, 6.9 to 7 times on U.S. acquisitions. So, the little bit larger one that we’re doing here in the first quarter is what’s -- what you’re seeing there.
Douglas Howell: In the quarter maybe it's – I’m just doing the math in my head here. Maybe is – its a 20 basis points that what I guess, 10 basis.
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think that there's two things. First of all, we're not seeing a recession in anything in our clients at this point. We're seeing our clients continuing to grow. We’re considering -- so, we're not seeing that yet. But what would happen if they did? I'm going to talk about a slight recession not a great recession. Usually what we do is we -- as we just tighten our hiring a little bit, we typically have not been one to go to large layoffs. We don't cut benefits back. We don't really cut back on those things that are building our franchise going forward. But rather what we'll do is we'll be just a little bit slower to hire and when you're having a 10% of your workforce turnover every year you can tighten your belt a little bit and reallocate work. And that tends to be what you can do in a recession. So the model is highly flexible to respond in a recession and usually just a little tightening of the belt that allows us to get through just a modest recession.
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think that -- we're been saying between 17% and 17.5% on the risk management segment for a number of years now. Where we like to see it that 17.6% or 17% that might happen, but right now we're pretty comfortable that 17.5% margin range. In that business it's not quite as levered as the brokerage businesses. Is that still a heavy labor, so you really need -- if you go back and listen to it you really need margin expansion above 3% in the brokerage space and you only need organic growth of at least 3% or more to expand into brokerage space and you need at least 5% in the risk management space just because it's not heavily leveraged or geared business. We'll see what happens when we come through the year this year. We'll see what. There are some pretty exciting things that we're doing with some of our domestic service center work. But 2018 -- 2020 might be a year to see more of a step up.
Douglas Howell: I don't have those productions levels today, but it's pretty darn cold here and we have a lot of plants in Iowa. Actually it's interesting enough electricity use in the south that drives it more than it is necessarily that cold weather in the Midwest because there's so much natural gas in homes in the Midwest in the north when you get in the south it's much more baseboard heat et cetera. So you really need to cold weather in South Carolina, happening a little bit now, but yes, we'll see a little bit better first quarter results as a result of this week's weather.
Douglas Howell: Hi. There’s two components in that. There's the actual raise, increase and that’s probably was about a 1% pool this year and just turns the wage inflation. And then when you take a look at the replacement cost, this year our average replacement was running about 8% more than what our termination rate was -- level was. So that's also a little bit that we're hiring perhaps more technical folks in the data, the analytics area, but we're continuing to become more efficient in some of the middle paid layers as we implement technology and use our offshore centers of excellent. But by and large as a percentage of revenue we're seeing wage and replacement inflation somewhere around as a percentage of revenue 1.2%.
Douglas Howell: No, I think that's a pretty good number right now. I feel like that 2019 we can operate at that level.
Douglas Howell: And realized through that, right now, even if even if we have an uptick of a point in unemployment, right now employers number one issue is the war for talent and that's exactly where our benefits, folks play in that, its how do they create a better workforce to attract more talent. Because even if employment goes from three and a half back to four and a half to five there's still going to be a war for talent out there. We are not seeing a great recession before. So this isn't like payroll numbers are going to be dropping dramatically 10%, 12% something like that.
Douglas Howell: Yes. We're up about this year considerably better than we were in 2017. We typically don't talk about specific numbers but if 2017 were flat to up 2% we probably triple that this year.
Douglas Howell: Well, remember, Meyer, that with new GAAP accounting we must estimate our contingent commissions and -- rather than booking them when we receive them like we have done in the past. So, it shows up faster because we have to estimate those today. And so that's the reason why that happens. And I’ve warned about that volatility since we started talking about new GAAP a year and a half ago that you're going to see a little bit earlier recognition of those things that you would have in the past. And that also is admittedly a little harder to estimate. But we take our best shot at it. With the information that we have at hand and it cost us a couple million bucks this quarter.
Douglas Howell: Yes. Number, the 74 million exclude Stackhouse Poland. And then, in my comments would say that we need to take it up a little bit. I don't know we're going to close out for sure whether we'll be here in this quarter or next quarter. So we just said that we would footnote it. It's not in there. But you'll have to increase the amortization in the second, third and fourth quarters. Take it up a couple of million dollars and you'll get close.
Douglas Howell: Well, first of all let’s take a rebound for the full year. If we pick up an extra $3 million of contingent commissions next year versus this year, it’s going to move at 8 basis points, something like that. So it’s not a big number on a $3 billion to $4 billion number. It had little impact in this quarter, but we still posted 46 basis points of margin expansion. So yes, rebound would certainly help in that. But, if I said, if we post 5% organic growth next year we should be showing that margin expansion similar to what we have this year.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Plus I think, Elyse, when rates go up a little bit, what we really had a hard time tracking is the opt-out. So for instance, someone may take a higher retention, bring that premium back down. Someone may drop limits. Instead of buying $100 million, drop it down to $50. It’s really hard to track that stuff. So as rates go up, they don’t just flow through, which is why when you see us talking about rates up here at 5, and somewhere there 3, and in Australia New Zealand 9. But the impact to the company from rate and from exposure units is only about 1%.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I would -- it's more the latter of what you’re saying. We -- this is not a levering up of our balance sheet. We think this is a safe level consistent with what we've done in the past. Our cash flows at the end of 2018 were particularly strong. So our debt ratio dropped down maybe point two turns of EBITDA and we'll reset that number at point two. But it's not going to be -- you're not going to see us run three times or something like that.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Two things I'd add to that. This is Pat. Number one, Doug started off saying, we're not seeing that and we've checked with our fields people, and our clients businesses are strong. So, what's going on right now is clearly not a recession. The other thing I'd point out is I tell our people this all the time, we're in the luckiest spot in the world of commerce. I don't care what happens to the economy. You're going to buy your insurance.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Mike, let me make a comment too. This is Pat. When you write claim business you better put the people on because the bags of claims are coming. You better have them on. You better haven't trained and you better have them ready. You can't wait till the claims start flowing and they go recruit people.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And also I would say that it also gives you an idea of kind of what’s going in the economy a little bit. When claim kind of start to rise, it’s usually because there’s more work being done by our clients.
J. Patrick Gallagher: This is Pat, Ryan. You've got two things that are influencing that. As we grown through acquisitions we've brought on more product offerings for our clients. We're much bigger now in the retirement field, much bigger in HR consulting and all the other services that are folded in and around health and welfare. Health and welfare still remains our biggest. And that is of course -- that attaches based on headcount and population. But the rest is a mix of project work. Most of the HR stuff would be project work and ongoing which you might call annuity revenue from things like retirement.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, RPS was basically in line with the brokerage segment in terms of growth and what have you. They are seeing a little bit stronger tailwind in terms of some of the placements they are making in the E&S market. But to your point, you do have some pullback at Lloyd's and AIG. But I will tell you we're finding no problem in particular with the U.S. domestic market gobbling those disruptions up. Business will move from London back in United States, D&O policy quoted by Chubb here versus Lloyds there that will move. So, I think there's good there's good in RPS. And there's a lot of great cross-sell into the Gallagher organization by our brokers to RPS and I see that continuing.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think. I'm really pleased with our U.K. business. I mean that organic number that we mentioned earlier today is a real really good improvement. And the franchise, the retail franchise throughout the U.K. is up in the Scotland as well is really strong and has just great opportunity to continue growing. And our specialty operation in London is second to none in that market. And is growing in spite of what Lloyd's is doing.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, Adam you know pretty well. This is sales machine. You're not going to be here if you're not growing your book.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think part of it is you know you've got good economic activity. I'm trying to get to what my actual prepared comments were. But we're seeing -- rates in the U.S. commercial, auto and property, up about five, and that’s being driven a lot, Mark, by auto. The transportation market is actually tough right now. And property lines, of course, you had the storms. And that's got to be spread out across the book. But at the same time workers’ compensation is down about a point. So, I think what you've got is some recovery from the storms in the property market and the transportation market is driving a bunch of the others.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. But, Mark, don't adjust your model. It's up slightly. And remember I talked about the fact that clients opt out. So I might take a bigger retention depending if I'm a small piece of -- if I'm a small account, I don't have that opportunity. But any commercial middle market account has levers they can pull to reduce the rate impact.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. I would say the changes over the last four or five years there are significantly more competitors for deals specialty deals of size. And that's the private equity world that is very aggressive right now. So what I'm really proud of is that the people that have chosen us have chosen us to win that battle and that's really what it comes down to. Every one of these, you’re fighting to win, just like it was just an account. And you’re going to fight that battle on a bunch of themes, and one of those themes is culture. And if in fact what you want to do is sell to someone that says, I’m not going to change anything about you. I’m not going to change your name, I’m going to change your marketing, I’m not going to change your systems. I just want you to send me the check every quarter, and make sure you make as much of a margin as you can. That’s not going to be something that’s going to fit Gallagher. And so that’s what we’re doing every day, is trying to figure out who is going to fit. And then the second thing that I think we’re pretty good at, that is really important, is the entrepreneur going to stay? Because they are the connection to their people and the people that the people that are excited about joining us because they are going to get capabilities and they are at a place that is stable and is not for sale are the ones that fit. So yep there's plenty of product out there. This is an incredible business. There's the baby boomers are looking at monetizing their life’s work. And they were not just out buying baby boomers. And there are literally thousands of these agents and brokers that aren’t even over 20 million in revenue. Thousands of them. And so, we offer I think a very, very stable home. I’m proud to be able to say to these people as they come through my office, any account, any size, located anywhere in the world, we can do it. Now isn’t that cool, if you’re a little broker from let’s say Cincinnati.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you Devon. Thank you again for being with us this afternoon. In closing, I’m extremely pleased with our 2018 performance. And I want to personally thank all of our 30,000 colleagues for their hard work and dedication. I believe, our long term strategy will continue to serve this company, our colleagues, our clients, and our shareholders well. 2019 should be another great year for Gallagher. We look forward to speaking with you again at our March 12th IR day in Rolling Meadows. Have a good evening and thank you for being with us today.
