J. Patrick Gallagher: Weston, let me take the recession question. Doug, can take a look at the numbers across -- I think we did a pretty good job of laying out those numbers by division a moment ago. And I think we said we thought they're pretty consistent next year. So I think you look at our prepared remarks, you got that question answered. But the recession one is an interesting one because one of the reasons in our prepared remarks, we talk about what's going on with endorsements is we can daily look at that information to see what's going on in the underlying business of our clients. We can also look at renewal exposure units as they're being put through to the market for renewal. And as you know, when you renew a client, you have to estimate sales and payrolls going forward. So clients are pretty smart. I'm not wanting to basically overpay and then wait for a return of that premium in an audit, 18 months or 15 months after the close of the year. So it's a bit of a yin and yang between the broker, the underwriter and the client as we look at what are those payrolls that we should be providing. We're not seeing a big decrease in sales and payrolls. Renewals are going out the door with perception of their business being okay. And that's verified by the midterm audits and endorsements that we're seeing. So -- I read the Wall Street Journal every day. I read the left-hand column yesterday, the world just came to end, I didn't know it.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, it's still very, very competitive. And there's a lot of interest out there in our industry still, we're watching that very carefully to see if some of that falls off. You'll see some write-ups recently about the number of deals done coming down a bit. I don't know if that's an early sign that maybe some of the people want to sit on the sideline a bit. But for the deals that we're after right now, the competition is very strong.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, I don't think so, Greg. I think it's clear that we earned our money. And that's -- you see that in the market. I mean, it's -- the business has been very stable, I've had a chance to meet with a number of managements. They know exactly every dollar that we're making. There is no hidden factor here anywhere. And we have to do the work that justifies that income level every single day. Now in my experience as a retailer, I'm not a reinsurance person, but a hard market makes you incredibly more valuable. In a soft market in the retail business, some person with a shingle out to get a quote and beat you, when you're sitting with someone in a hard market, you are talking strategy, man. You are not talking about what's going to happen to my comp premium. You're talking about, am I going to get GL cover. And that's going right down to personal lines. I've got tons of friends, as you can imagine, in South Florida. Am I going to get homeowners next year? I don't know. I mean, I think you will, but you're going to pay more and they know it. Now that, I think, trusted adviser works its way all the way back to reinsurance, and this is not a time when these carriers are going to put a lot of emphasis on how much we get paid when they're looking at trying to get returns literally on hundreds of millions of dollars of ratings.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I mean -- first of all, Greg, as you know, when prices are going up, one of the skills that brought us to the point we are today is the capability of taking people who are -- should be self-insuring into that market. and showing them how to take higher retentions and bringing Gallagher Bassett in. Recessionary work has the same -- now I'm talking about the larger upper middle market. The recession has the same kind of impact, especially if you get a recession, while at the same time, pricing has gone up. They're looking for alternatives. And when I say your alternative is to pay tomorrow instead of today and to really manage your claims hard and work it hard at preventing them, there's a lot better listeners than when the prices are dropping, and that's going right to their bottom line and their private companies and they're happy as a clam. When you get to the larger accounts, these are very sophisticated buyers. And they don't move around based on recessions. Now if there is a recession and our larger clients have a lesser population, they close down shifts, then you'll see claim counts drop. But I don't think you're going to see an impact on that business that happens in the short term, and we'll know well in advance of any kind of a downturn as people start slowing their business down and cutting shifts, we'll be well aware of it. We can probably comment better as we go into the new quarters. We're just not seeing that right now, Greg. I think that's the interesting thing to me. As I said, I read the journal every day, and I'm sitting there and go, okay. And then we test and test and test, and our primary business partners are doing really well. Then we looked at the GB results and claim counts are up. They're not down. So it's -- I get why you're questioning it. I really do get the conundrum. But here's the thing. Doug pointed out that the other recessions we've done well. Clients do not jump in and out of self-insurance. You make that decision to move to taking a big retention and paying your claims. You may have a -- you may see your claim counts go down because hours worked are less, but you're not jumping in on the market. It's a pretty good place to be.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, from your lips to god's ears, Elyse. If you take a look back at our results in other hard markets, yes, that could happen. I mean, I'm not going to sit here and say no. If capacity dries up, smaller brokers in those environments can't get the job done, reinsurance clearly is -- and look at cap trapital in the ILS market, depending on whether capacity is there or whether capacity comes in, yes, I think you could see a variable -- you could write a bullish story.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Also, Yaron, I think that before in, it was clear that loss cost and verdicts and what have you, we're putting pressure on our carriers. Today, we look across the loss on the cat level and wonder if they're not going to bleed into the casualty lines. And I've had some conversations with some of our reinsurance pros, we think that that's a very good possibility. If that happens, that will be -- that will benefit from that as well.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Primarily in the retail market, as accounts go from being, say, upper middle, middle market, where typically, you'll have about 85% to 90% of your clients, probably, we're 100% transparent. This is their choice. We have an adult conversation. They know we collect contingents. Let's not go back to 2004 and get me all in trouble, again, for accepting convenience and supplemental. They're all disclosed. This is client choice. And so as they get a little bigger, if they bring in a risk manager, that type of thing, then there's usually a shift to fee and we're happy with that.
J. Patrick Gallagher: You're dealing with the most sophisticated buyers in the market. And as Doug just said a bit ago, when he was buying reinsurance, he wasn't messing around worrying about what the guy or gal is getting paid. The point is, this is talking at the essence of their capital, the returns, how they're going to balance out the demand, you've got a supply and demand imbalance. It's looking like it's coming down the path at being very substantial. They want to be good players. They want to take advantage of it. They want to make sure that they get good returns. And so it's good returns that ultimately hopefully bring in more capacity. But these buyers are very sophisticated. They'll pay us more money. I mean, the question earlier on was are they going to keep paying us what they're used to paying us. And they'll pay us more money, but it's not -- this is not a linear progression. I get down to the bad policies and into the lower middle market, it's linear. Price is up 10%. We're going to help the client reduce that by moving deductibles around, dropping umbrella limits, et cetera. But by and large, policy by policy, we're going to get that commission. That's not the case in reinsurance.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think Doug did a very good job, sure he did, of taking it back in time. I mean, go back and take -- our results are public going back to '84. I think we do extremely well in good times and bad times. Certainly, recessions are not good for brokers. Sales and payrolls are what drive our premiums. So there's no question that if sales and payrolls go down, we'll feel the impact of that. Having said that, people get more interested in listening to us talking to them about how our professionalism, our capabilities in our niches and what have you, you can help them deal with this, the local brokers who takes the hit.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Let me caution because I've been a retailer in my whole life. But for the last year, I've had a chance to spend a good bit of time with our reinsurance folks and do anything I can to learn that business and I talked about this at length in the last quarter. And it has happened in the past. I can't give you dates, times and amounts or percent.  But -- yes, when you have a capital situation where you need to increase the pricing and you can add cat loads on other lines of coverage, you'll do that when you have to -- now again, I can't say to you that this is exactly what travelers or hyper did in this year given this situation or what have you. I can't take you back to Andrew or something like that or even Katrina.  But what the team is telling me is that it's very likely, given the dearth of our capacity and the need -- because of the supply and demand imbalance, the need for more rate, that their other lines are selling that are likely to take in advance as well. And sorry that I'm not more specific about that. I'm learning along with you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No. And that's the thing that's -- I keep referring to the Wall Street Journal, sorry, but I mean I read it and I sit there and I go, okay, and then I come back and I talk to our data people and they're like, no, I'm not seeing it. I can't also can't break it and say, well, construction is in the tank and retail is going through the roof or trucking is really hurting now and something -- so -- and we've checked things like our marine business. What's happening with cargo, cargo seems to be holding up and if there's any decrease in cargo, then cruise ships are, I mean, going through the roof. So it's kind of a -- it's a weird time based on what we read and what we see in our -- and these are not anecdotal stores. These are higher data points that I've got, and I can get them every day. And broad geographic, solid, continued business growth is what we're seeing. You fall off a cliff? I guess. We're just not seeing it.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, dream with me a little here, Josh. I mean, yes, I think what Doug meant is that our price is similar to our competitors. Yes, multiples over the last five years have expanded substantially. Prices are higher for these deals. But money was free. So now you start paying for that money, and I'm not hoping for a recession, and we don't see one, but show a little slowdown in there. And maybe that annuity isn't as strong as it was before. Our lever is about 2.3 times EBITDA. We've got competitors in the market that are happy to be at 9 times. I'm sorry, at some point, the music has got to stop and all the chairs aren't going to be full.
J. Patrick Gallagher: So to add to that, I would say take a look at our internship, we're very proud of the fact that this summer, we had 500 young people look at our business. And these are paid interns. These aren't interns that come to work for free, and that's a U.S.-based number. If we take the people outside the U.S., it's probably closer to 600. I don't know another organization investing in the future of their people like that in our business or, frankly, another business. So I'm very proud of that. Thanks, Ryan, and thank you, everybody, for joining us. We really appreciate this evening. We had an excellent third quarter. We're well on our way to delivering a fantastic year of financial performance. I need to thank more than 42,000 colleagues around the globe for their hard work and dedication to our clients. We look forward to speaking with you again in person in December at our Investment Day in New York. Thanks again, everybody. Have a great evening.
Doug Howell: Well, listen, I think the way we look at it this way, is we're not seeing it in our underlying business today, and we're also viewing if there is a recession in '23. We see that being more like what happened in the early -- in the 1991 period, in the 2000, 2001 period, more of a normal soft landing recession. We do not see a recession next year like the subprime financial shock of '08 and -- '07 and '08 or the pandemic recession that we saw for a few months in '20. Those normal recessions typically last about 2 or 3 quarters. And when we go back to the best we can do to get data back then, we actually performed very well during those light recessions. In this case, I think that next year, if there is -- if anything happens, and we do go into a recession, I think it's going to drive excess demand more than it is to contract supply and we ensure supply. So in our contemplation for next year is a lot like this year, exposure units holding stable, rates going up like we're seeing this year. But I see -- I don't see a lot of change all of a sudden on 1/1 that the world has changed dramatically from what it's been for the last 3 to 6 months, right now. So that's our go-in case. That's how we're preparing our budgets in that range. So that's how we came up with that 7% to 9%.
Doug Howell: Yes. All right. So yes, in answer to your question, we see reinsurance in that high single-digit range next year. Right now, the best -- remember, you got a lot of treaties that are multi-line. But right now, the best we can tell is pure property is 28%. You put in the package on that, I'd say it might be closer to 40% of the book of business. And then you look at some of our kind of high-risk casualty lines, maybe you've got a book that's -- 60% of it is facing a kind of a tough renewal season.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think for 2023, and again, I'll give you some more here in December, there will be an upside from investment income. That -- not all of that will hit the bottom line because there could be some incremental inflation that we see in some of our numbers. Remember, about 80% of our business, we don't believe has significant exposure to headline inflation. And like we said last at our IR Day or on an earlier call, about 20% of our expenses, they do have some inflation pressures on it. But in our opinion, there will be clearly an upside to that thinking as a result of incremental investment income next year. But I still need to work through that math over the next couple of months.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think that when we look at 6% organic growth with possibly 50 basis points of margin expansion, that does not include a possible upside from incremental investment income, but not all that incremental investment income will likely hit the EBITDA line. It could go to some inflationary pressures on some of our cost base or it could go to some discretionary spend, but it would be upside to that 6 points, 50 basis points outlook.
Doug Howell: Our outlook on the impact of Ian to our contingent commissions is $465,000 of impact against our revenues. That has all been fully booked in the numbers that you see here today. We do not believe that would develop differently than that. We just are not that -- we're just not exposed to contingent commissions on operating placements in our book of business.
Doug Howell: Yes, Greg, I will say this. It's been 20 years since I've been CFO of insurance companies, but right now, this is a time where my reinsurance brokers would be the most important people to have in my office with their skills, their capabilities, and this is a time where they really earn their money.
Doug Howell: I think that it's not linear. If we posted 9%, I don't think you'd have 150 basis points of margin expansion, but you might have 75 to a point, something like that. But I think that -- let us get through this and get through our December, look at our budgets. And some of this is discretionary spending that we might want to make in investing in technologies and other organic growth strategies. But -- yes, I mean, there is a case that, that could happen.
Doug Howell: Well, listen, if we ended up with excess capital, our first metric would be is to make sure that we maintain a solid investment grade rating borrowing. With interest rates going up, that's more and more important every day. Second of all, I think that our M&A pipeline is still robust. And the third thing is, remember, the arbitrage that we get on the multiples. And -- more importantly, we're building out the team. We bring more people on our side of the field to go out and compete on every day and create more organic afterwards. So for us, buying back stock is certainly what we can do. It's certainly part of the math, and its part of the story. But I'd like to see us doing more and more M&A every day to put our cash to work at multiples that are -- that deliver arbitrage value to our shareholders. So -- we're out there, we're looking very hard. Sometimes you win, sometimes you lose. But I think we've got a ton of opportunities in our pipeline right now.
Doug Howell: Well, listen, we've got some pretty good pipelines going on, especially in Canada, Australia and the U.K. right now. So we'd be happy to continue to look at those acquisitions there. And yes, the dollar does have a little bit of an impact on that, but it's not what drives our investment choices.
Doug Howell: All right. So a couple of things -- you got a couple of things to unpack. But first, let's talk about the increase in the headcount. We have actually substantially increased our head count in our offshore centers of excellence. As you know, we've been talking about it for 15 years now. We think that that's a terrific spot to improve the quality of the offer of our insurance offerings. And as a result, we're ramping up significantly more in offshore right now that can do that work for us. And the -- so we're up considerably in that. So that's what's driving the metric you're seeing is mostly offshore resources there. When it comes to the opportunity -- the drop in the comp ratio this quarter, some of that has to do with bonus timing. If you recall last quarter, I said we were a little ahead on our bonus accruals. So we didn't have to post quite as much this quarter, which probably offset some of the -- well, we did have a little bit of inflation in our rates pool. We gave away another $8 million this year, something like that in that -- in the raise pool this year. What's offsetting that is the timing of the bonus.
Doug Howell: Well, listen, I think that Ian has brought a different tone in the marketplace. I think you're seeing some reports of reserve strengthening across line. You saw the reinsurance outlook we've talked about -- and remember, the reason why we got to 6% to 9% is we were saying that 23 felt somewhere between 2019 and 2022 and '19 happen to be 6% organic growth. So in the context of the comment in September, relative to 2 different years. And now as we're getting closer on our budget process and really looking at what we're starting to see in the renewal pipeline, we thought we could tighten that range up a little bit.
Doug Howell: Okay. I'll take that in a couple of different bites. This quarter, let's call it, $12.5 million that we had as additional investment income as a result of rate changes. Then you're asking how much of that fell to the bottom line. Maybe a better way for me to do this is to take a look at what does it mean for full year. If you recall at the beginning of the year, what we said is -- since when we were sitting in January, we looked back and we had said that we had posted about 550 basis points of margin expansion. And when we looked out and that was over 2 years. Then we said, if we look forward, again, I'm standing in January of 2022, we said that we might be able to get margin expansion of 10 to 20 basis points on organic from about 8% here in '22. So what's happened since that expectations. We're still looking at 10 to 20 basis points of margin expansion. But organic is running a point better and, let's say, investment income between this year that might be up, let's say, $30 million more of investment income in the year. So that's about $80 million more of revenues this year. And so the way I look at it is, where did that go? Where did the $80 million of revenue go? Well, first of all, we dropped -- we're going to drop one-third of that to the bottom line. So that leaves $50 million to $53 million of additional revenues. Well, we have to pay our producers field leadership and support that. Usually, that runs about 45% of the revenue on that organic of $50 million, call that $23 million. So now we're down to explain where did $30 million go as a result of incremental organic and incremental investment income, again, relative to our outlook at the beginning of the year. Well, I can tell you that we spent about $10 million on incremental hiring, some incremental raises and some incremental incentive comp this year. Maybe it's one-third. And we also know that we -- about $10 million went to incremental travel and entertainment expense. Now that's mostly due to inflation, and it's not due to increased trips versus our expectation. Again, this is against our expectation at the beginning of the year. And then finally, we spent an extra $10 million on IT betterment projects than probably we would have expected at the beginning of the year because we have the bandwidth in order to implement those projects. So for me, sitting here relative to our expectations at the beginning of the year, I think it's a really terrific outcome. And what I'm really proud of is the team has done a great job this year. They have been disciplined in their travel and they've been selected in their value-added efforts that they're bringing to the clients. And they've been pretty wise about other IT investments. And yet to still deliver 10 to 20 basis points of margin expansion this year in an inflationary environment on top of the 550 that we had delivered in the previous two years I think it's a pretty darn good year, in my opinion. So relative to expectation, that's a long-winded answer -- but I think it gives you a perspective on incremental investment income and incremental organic relative to where we were sitting at the beginning of the year. And remember, we still -- at the beginning of the year, we had the Omicron crisis going on, and we were still in the depths of the pandemic. So we still have done our way out of those pandemic expenses returning along the way. So a long story, long answer, but I hope it gets you to where you need to go.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think it's a little bit of a -- I wouldn't say it's a symmetrical bell curve, but around 8% -- I thought -- 6% to 10% on that. So maybe it's 2 points on either side of it, and that probably favors the bull case on that more than the bare case on it.
Doug Howell: Yes. I would say, listen, if we get into a recession that you wanted to refer to as you being a downer on, that type of recession, we're still in an inflating rate environment, and we're not seeing a slowdown on that. When it comes to the contraction of exposure units, I'm not seeing trucks just come out of the fleet. They may not be running quite as much, and I know there's a mileage adjustment on it, but I'm not completely convinced that the stuff that we insure will just all of a sudden evaporate next year. Might have to -- they may take different covers on it. They may take some additional deductibles. When you're also looking at an environment, if you get into a recession, that will help us on our employee retention because they will stay with a good company, versus jumping for a new opportunity. So when those 3 or 4 things applied, rate increases, stable workforce a flight to quality and what people are looking for in terms of their broker, I see us performing very well in that environment. If you want me to pick a number in there, if we have a downer I'd be hard pressed to see how it would be less than 5% organic growth.
Doug Howell: Yes, we kind of signaled that early on. Their appetite is still strong right now. But when you're adding an extra 300 basis points of debt cost into the structure does change return expectations. And I think that we're really not competing on price when we come to these deals, Josh, we're really competing on capabilities. And we win on every day. If somebody decides our prices aren't dissimilar to what they're offering. That maybe be a turn higher, but people just have chosen that they don't want to be in an organization with increased capabilities or resources. So this will cause a compression of pricing by the PEs, it will probably come down to where we're comfortable with pain. And I think we should excel in that then because now it isn't about price. It's entirely about capabilities.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think you've got your notes right in it. And I think if you go back and you listen to our IR Days, these earnings calls, we get an hour to talk to you, but during our IR Days, you hear our 5 or 6 division leaders talk about all the investments you listen to the first 5 minutes or 6 minutes of their prepared remarks. They're talking about all the value-added features and client-centric enhancements that we're doing in our business. And we're spending a lot of money on that. We've talked about Gallagher Drive. We've talked about SmartMarket, we've talked about Gallagher Submit. We've talked about our niche resources. If you look at our content that's out there, all of that is investment and we're adding to it every year. So we are running a business right now that has a substantial amount of investment in it to make us better. I think it's showing up in our organic to be real honest. I think the reason why we perform well on organic as we continue to make investments into our production and our sales and niche capabilities our service. 15 years ago, we didn't know how long it took us to turn around a set right now, we turn around 99.9% of them within one hour of request because of the investments that we've made to better the service. Those type of things are just in our blood at this point. And it's in our operating side, yet, we're still posting terrific margins on it.
