Doug Howell: Oh, well, I think a better way to answer that, Greg, is saying that we believe that in an environment of plus-3% organic growth, you'll see some margin expansion in the brokerage space and when you look at the risk management's going to take a plus-5% environment to continue to grow to margin. In risk management, I wouldn't expect any margin expansion over 16 points for the remainder of this year and the brokerage space, when we have 60 to 70 basis points of margin expansion incrementally, that probably could hold true for another couple quarters. So in this environment with low inflation, you can get maybe 60 or 70 basis points of expansion.
Doug Howell: Yes, $0.02 to $0.03 in the third quarter and break even in the fourth quarter for the total corporate segment.
Doug Howell: I think that our 2013 position will be better than it was in 2012 as we get more plants deployed. Give me til October to give you kind of a firm number on that but I see the second quarter as being a little illustrative of what – probably illustrative of what 2013 would look like each quarter.
Doug Howell: It's not of the size that would cause any change in any of our organic or top-line numbers of significance and we do not include any of it in our organic numbers. So moving from a 30% to an 80% does not fuel any of our organic numbers.
Doug Howell: I don't know If I can comment necessarily on the timing of it but I still remain with my earlier comments that there will be a time where we would like to monetize our (Ken Mod) ownership interest there. If you recall that we are now five years into – six years into our ownership of (Ken Mod). As a matter of fact, a notable point is in June, if you add up all the cash that we've deployed on all of our clean energy investments since 2005 til June 30 of this year and look at all the cash flows that've come back to Gallagher, we are now in positive territory. The entire clean energy program is in positive cash flow territory at this point. We're getting good success on rolling out our plants and we think that (Ken Mod) has a demonstratable product now that could position it to be better owned by somebody else.
Doug Howell: Yes, I think two things. I think our pipeline is so strong right now that we will be using stock in the near future. I think the cash flows that come off of our clean energy investments are exactly for that purpose. Remember, those cash flows are to go out and have us expand our core operations but that certainly would reduce the amount of stock that we need to use in the future.
Doug Howell: Yes, couple things. As you're thinking about the numbers, obviously you can see int eh press release that we've done 27 for around $100 million. You heard Pat say we've done another five since then that adds another $30-some million and I would say that we'll continue to be strong through the end of the year. In terms of the numbers, one of the things about our acquisition program, it's going to add more amoritizations. So every time we do a deal, the departure between cash earnings and GAAP earnings gets bigger and that's one of the things I would encourage everybody on the call to do is to make sure you understand that amortization is going to be going up, that we're going to be using shares in acquisitions so we're going to have share create. But by and large, the deals that we're doing right now are nice, strong, individual, team-type acquisitions. They're nice, tuck-in mergers with us. We're getting great production talent that are profitable organizations. We always say around here if they're not making money for their family, they'll never make money for the collecting guy, Gallagher Organization, and we're really excited to have them join forces with us. They're seeing the need for our expertise and so the numbers generally are pretty good performers. So you see margins in excess of – we've even had margins in excess of 20% and they have some nice growth prospects ahead of them.
Doug Howell: I think – hey, Dan, I think you're right. I think you're on point there. If we have five years of 3% organic growth, I believe in this current inflation environment and the current workforce environment, you would have margin expansion even at a 2% or 3% level. We're still working very hard to improve our quality and our productivity and we're having some significant wins on those fronts still. We've got an engaged workforce at this point that I believe has been fairly compensated. We've been given raises along the way. So if a workforce inflation problem doesn't develop, you would have margin expansion going forward in this current environment but looking too much further than six months is pretty tough for us to do at this point.
Doug Howell: Correct, $120 million is in our international operations. We probably will not bring that home. We'll probably use that to fuel our acquisition pipeline in the UK and Australia, which is where most of that cash sits right now.
Doug Howell: Let's work backwards. We're assuming no share repurchases and we haven't been active in that arena in the last three or four years. The amount of shares we're using in acquisitions tend to be between 50% and 75% of the acquisition purchase price. We're putting shares in our merger partners' hands. In terms of the share growth in the second quarter, we used about 1.6 million shares for acquisitions. We used about 200,000 in earn-outs and we used about 600,000 related to option exercises and just dilution as a result of our stock price inflate for outstanding options that are unexercised. So you can see that year-to-date we've used about 3.7 in acquisitions and about 1.7 million came from option exercises.
Doug Howell: Yes, we're having some really good success with hiring teams, especially in (heat field) right now but I think there's an appetite to join our operations over there in the UK and so we're doing a pretty good job of picking up some nice producers.
Doug Howell: There is seasonality in the cash flow and particularly the reason why the fourth quarter is lower than our expectation of the third quarter is that we're not going to be running one of our plants in the fourth quarter as we look at it right now. As we take that down for further testing for maintenance and so now I say that now but if we have an extremely warm fourth quarter, maybe we won't be taking that plant down. And it's really not our decision to take the plant down. It's the utility's decision but that's our best view right now. So I would say just normal operational running of the plants that we just don't think it's going to be quite as strong in the fourth quarter right now.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, Mark, we did. I think there were an awful lot of clients that just weren't going to spend a lot of time and effort on this if the whole law was going to be found to be unconstitutional. We heard that repeatedly and now that they know this law is, in fact, going to go into place, there's an awful lot of effort that clients have to go through to get ready for it.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I'll do that and it'll be a great forward-looking statement but nobody knows if I'll be right or not but just as I said in my remarks, my thought cycle, and it's completely different in its feel and its look in any that I've seen before and I think in many respects, that could be a positive thing. What we're seeing right now is, I think, disciplined management recognizing that present rates with no investment income to speak of, that they have to improve the pricing of the product that they sell in the marketplace in order to have any kind of return to shareholders. Now that's driven primarily by two lines. Worker's compensation is a real nightmare for underwriters across the United States and property continues to be problematic. I think underwriters would tell you that three, four years ago they felt that the place where they could really get nicked on property was probably the coasts with wind and earthquakes. In the last few years, the center of the country is really hitting them and so there is an environment that I believe is sustainable in terms of getting rate increases across the book and there's not a balance sheet need here that says we have to dump all our clients or cut back on coverages and what have you. There's simply a discipline. Now I'll make another side comment. This is the first time in four cycles in my experience that what the CEOs of the trading partners we have, the insurance companies are saying is exactly what we're seeing from the underwriting desk and there is significance discipline and I think there's just better information today than there ever has been in the past in this market. And our people on the street are finding that they have to take these rate increases out to our clients. Now let's recall, rates today are probably at par or maybe lower than they were before the last market turn in 2001. So when we're asking clients to consider – not asking them to consider. Actually telling them that they don't have a choice because the market is what it is, to consider the fact that there's a 4% to 5% to 7% or 9% increase They understand that. They thrilled about it? No, they don't want to see increases but at the same time, they do understand and the carriers I think are proving that this time around, they can get these increases incrementally.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, in my comments, that's why I mentioned the Heath deal. We would not've had the pipeline building in the UK that we have today had we not done the Heath acquisition. In Australia, we have a very nice pipeline developing and so I think you'll see us be active in both those markets over the next six months and in the years beyond. Great opportunities.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, most of our global brokerage business is in the UK and in Australia. We do have some brokerage business, of course, in Canada and Bermuda but the lion's share of it is in the UK and Australia and both those markets are performing in that high single-digit area and we think that'll continue.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think that there's sort of a feeling, at least when I visit the offices in the UK, that there's somebody fresh in the marketplace. We're not positioning ourselves as a Bluefin or Towergate roll-up company. We're positioning ourselves to do in the UK what we did in the United States, bolting on smaller acquisitions, giving people a career path, trying to recruit the best producers in the cities that we're in. In Australia, we're very strong in Perth and Sidney, lots of opportunities to look in Melbourne and Brisbane for acquisitions as well as in Sidney and Perth. So I think that in both countries, we're kind of looked at as a fresh face in the marketplace.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, we thought it was a good opportunity to pull down $50 million. We had a maturity opening in eight years from now that we've filled in with the $50 million and we just saw it as a – our acquisition pipeline is so strong. Just taking that extra pill at $50 million seemed to make sense.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Any time the market firms at all, Brian, it gives us opportunity for that. For instance, a lot of our captive activity – we have an operation we call (Rtex) Captive Management seeing a lot more success. A number of our school and public entity pools are adding members again. So any time there's some price move, people are interested in the alternative market and we get the benefit of that. Now 4% and 5% aren't going to drive the kind of jump that we see in the alternative market when the market slams up 100% and there's no coverage available but it's a – any time there's movement to the positive, people are very interested in alternatives and the benefit of being part of Gallagher, frankly, is that we've got great expertise in that area and we've built terrific alternatives.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, (Claudia). Thanks, everybody, for being with us this morning. We appreciate it. We know there's a number of other calls going on and I think our company has performed across all divisions extremely well for the last two quarters. As Doug mentioned in his remarks that the economy continues to show improvement and rates continue to move up even slightly, we believe we're on track for a great year. The team has really turned on. We are winning. We're having fun building a world-class company and you know what? All of around here are excited because we believe we're just getting started. Thanks for being with us and have a great day.
