J. Gallagher: Well, I'm going to let Doug do the numbers. But yes, I mean, I think you're reading me right, Elyse. I'm bullish on the environment. We are not seeing a downturn in terms of our clients. They're employing more people. We're seeing robust client activity at Gallagher Bassett. That's a very good bellwether of what's going on in the economy.   Interest rates are up. The market hates inflation, but it's good for brokers and high interest rates help us as well in terms of the growth in revenues and head count and all the rest of it. So the fundamental business environment is really, really good for us. As far as the numbers, Doug, go ahead. 
J. Gallagher: Well, let me comment on that one. First of all, I think everybody saw that the U.S. Chamber has filed a lawsuit in Texas that's challenging this, and we're supportive of the Chamber's efforts. We think it's an overreach by the executive branch.  But having said that, if the new rules actually hold up, there's a count in noncompete agreements as part of the sale of the business. And so we see that rule is having a little impact, really, on our M&A strategy. And that's -- when it first came out, that was kind of my concern. Our agreements with our production staff do not contain noncompete provisions, rather we use non-solicitation clauses.  And there is a fine line difference there, but those cover clients and employees. And from our first look, we think those are going to remain enforceable. Having said all that, we want people to want to work here. The reason, this is why culture is so important. This is a great place to work, and we attract highly motivated salespeople and entrepreneurs that are passionate about doing what they do, and they want to leverage their expertise and capabilities. And we give them the data and analytics and the centers of excellence to work with. We arm them with way better armament that they get from being part of a local competitor. We're a great place to work. So while I don't agree with the FTC, and I do agree with the Chamber's position, we're supportive of that, for our business, I think it's a nonissue. 
J. Gallagher: Sliced and diced every margin by every possible measure you can think of. And no, they're not a bit lower. We've been trading in California for 50 years. We love the state, we're big, big there, and our people love working there. 
J. Gallagher: Mike, this is Pat. I think it's fair to say that when opportunity presents itself, we're not afraid. I mean, 10 years ago, we stepped up and bought Wesfarmers out of Australia for $1 billion. That was the biggest play we'd ever made, and had, in fact, some financing for it that's worked out incredibly well. I think our purchase of Willis was somewhere on the order of -- Willis Re was somewhere on the order of $4 billion. And last year, we spent a good bit as well. So we're not afraid to look at chunkier deals, but you hit on it. There's 100 top 100. There happens to be 29,900 in the United States alone that are smaller than that. That's where our activity is based most of the time. 
J. Gallagher: Well, first of all, I think that when you look at that, those were in the section of the prepared remarks that had to do with reinsurance. There's been a lot of demand the last number of years for cat covers and what have you that frankly were hard to meet. And that's why we talk about the fact that it was more orderly this 1/1. We were able to complete what people wanted more or less.  But there has been an appetite for more cover there that buyers and sellers have walked away from. But I think as we start to see pricing stabilize, become more predictable, that allows it to flow into their rating structure, et cetera. There's demand for more cover on their part, and we're meeting that demand. And I think that is offsetting some of the potential.  Now remember, we didn't see property rates come down this quarter. What we're saying is that the increase moderated. So I think that there's kind of -- on the retail side, if you're a retail buyer -- and remember, most of our book of business is the commercial middle market. Don't get me wrong, we do a lot of risk management business, but these tuck-in acquisitions and the like that we're doing are clearly middle market players. Those people don't have a lot of choice. They're buying full cover at higher prices. And if that moderates a bit, it's good for the client. 
J. Gallagher: Also on the property side, back to that, David, you've got -- many years were 0 interest rates, not the last couple, but 0 interest rates left the schedules pretty much untouched. So you do have underwriters now being much more disciplined around the values, and that's pushing values up. So we've got the benefit of more values being insured in the property business. And my prepared remarks basically pointed out that property was up nearly 10% this quarter. So we're not seeing rates dropping. We're seeing rates go up in property a little less viciously. Now having said that, if the wind blows this fall, we're 1 month away from the start of the hurricane season, I'm just telling you all bets are off. I don't know what's going to happen. So for our clients sake, I hope that we have a benign season. 
J. Gallagher: No, I think that's really interesting, Mark. In my career, that line has been, at times, pretty darn cyclical, and it is just as flat as a pancake. It's just going along. You might see 2 here, 3 there. And it's really just kind of flat. 
J. Gallagher: I think -- let me go back to my prepared remarks. We've seen umbrella in the quarter, up 9%, which is kind of in line with what we're talking about in March. GL 7%, and that's where I think probably we've got to look at our carriers and say, are there going to be some reserve challenges going forward. So the 7% seems pretty -- it seems pretty stable. Maybe there'll be a push up a bit. And package, which is, of course, property and liability together at 8%; where comp, really not much, 2%. I think that feels like it's going to be there for the year. I think you could take our March discussions and kind of update them 6 weeks later for those numbers. 
J. Gallagher: That is noise. Our E&S business is on fire. We are seeing submissions come in. We're renewing our business. I don't have any caution on that. 
J. Gallagher: No. I think that our partners are being very reasonable. We're not we're not having a lot of headbutting on that subject at all. 
J. Gallagher: I'd like to emphasize what Doug -- I've got a lot of listeners on this call. I'd like to emphasize where Doug started this. Most of that spend is, in one way or another, directly related either to making our service offering to our clients better, and we happen to know, for instance, that our digital offerings from small accounts through the risk management accounts, connectivity, things like Gallagher Go or even a middle market client can see what their policies are, what's going on with their buildings, et cetera, et cetera, are being incredibly well received. And we're rolling things out like that literally every quarter, so that's spend. And then you get into the data and analytics. And if you'd asked me 5 years ago, clients would really care that much about being able to tell them what people like you buy? Oh my God, they care. And then they want to know the rate structure and they want to know why. And when I started -- when I was selling insurance day to day, I tell them they had a good deal because Hartford quoted and so did CNA. Buy the cheaper one, let's move on. Or I'd have a reason why they should stay where they were, but I don't [ have ] capability of saying, here's what's happening in the world market. It's incredible. And remember what we said in our prepared remarks, 90% of the time our people go out and they're fighting against somebody who's substantially smaller and doesn't have any of this, let alone $200 million to $300 million to reinvest in more of it. I mean, it's just -- it's an incredible advantage. I appreciate the question. 
J. Gallagher: It's really where we had dreamed it would be. The team is incredibly solid. We're not having defections. We've got -- what's been fun about that is that there's a remarkable interest in having continued relationships and building relationships with the retail side of the house, which is what we predicted.  We predicted it, we did it that we would be, not only getting data and analytics, but we'd be working together, and we've seen that impact on existing, for instance, pooled accounts that were the biggest and probably the longest running pooling broker in the country, especially in the public sector business, been incredibly helpful, the dialogue back-and-forth. That's just 1 example.  But -- and the business now I think they really feel like they're part of the enterprise. They're not the new kids anymore. There's always a period when you come to school and you're the new kid. You're the new kid, right? Well, that's not it anymore. I mean, you see them in the hall, they recognize the retailers, they recognize me, Doug, whatever. And the opportunities to invest in data and analytics there and the thirst for that from their clients, tremendous opportunities, and it's working out incredibly well. 
J. Gallagher: Well, interestingly, like, the tone from our clients is there's a large amount of concern. And we're sitting with clients that, a, in some instances, don't know why they have turnover. And we're able to get in and do some data analytics around what's going on with them and where -- what's going on there. So a very deep concern about wanting to hold on to their top people.  We also have an awful lot of people just trying to attract people to fill jobs. Pick stuff off of racks, serve tables, whatever, and that's difficult. So they're trying to differentiate themselves in that regard. And there's a lot of concern on their part around cost. Medical inflation is real. Those costs get passed directly back to the employer. Then you've got the whole problem of inflation. Inflation is difficult.  So I think what it's doing is it's making our professionals far more valuable than the local person that comes out and says there are 4 of us in the office and we're really good at this, and let me show you a PPO and maybe I can get another quote for your insurance. That's just not cutting it anymore. And that's not -- I'm not talking about 5,000 live cases here. The people that are employing 100, 150, 200 people, they need this kind of help. So it's a very robust period for us, and it is a difficult time for employers. Where are they going to get the right people to fill the jobs and then how do they hold on to them. 
J. Gallagher: Well, I think that's it for questions. If I can just make a comment here. Thank you again for joining us this afternoon. And I would like to thank our 53,000 colleagues around the world for their efforts. Their hard work and dedication is evident when we report another fantastic quarter of growth and profitability.  As I look ahead, I remain very bullish on our prospects and believe we are well positioned to deliver another excellent year of financial performance. We look forward to speaking with the investment community at our IR Day. Thank you again for being with us this evening. Have a nice evening. 
Douglas Howell: Yes. Listen, we don't see much difference in each quarter going forward. We think we'll be in that 7% to 9% range, Elyse. We do have a large first quarter and it is heavily weighted to reinsurance. So you would naturally expect us to -- if we're going to be in that range, that maybe the first quarter is a touch above the next 3 quarters, but I wouldn't say it's anything meaningful.  And so we're in that 7% to 9% range each of the next 3 quarters, which would bring us in, in that range for the full year. So really nothing different than what we've talked about the last couple of times we've been with you. 
Douglas Howell: Well, listen, I think that the CFO commentary document has kind of said 90 to 100, I think, consistently. If I said 100% of the last IR Day, I may have said towards 100 basis points. So I think our guidance feels, to us, about the same. 
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think -- Mike, this is Doug. I think that we have a chassis now that we can bring on a lot of smaller acquisitions, nice family-owned businesses that realize that they can be better together with us. I think that our M&A integration process is pretty smooth, very refined, 700 deals over the last 20 years. So we've got that down.  And I think more and more, smaller or local brokers are realizing they can get the resources from us overnight that they've been wanting to have for maybe 20 years. So I think we have an advantage right now that family-owned broker now sees that they get to join us. This is their forever home.  They don't have to sell into a different model that maybe will flip them or sell them to a different owner or break them apart in order to get value. They see that what's being talked about of capabilities is real inside of us. And sometimes when they go to another quarter for them, they're saying what they're going to do versus what they have done.  So I think that we have the opportunity to increase the volume of that nice tuck-in deals that we see out there. And I think that our story is getting stronger and stronger every day. Higher interest rate, it does not help others reinvest into their business. We reinvest so much into our business day in and day out.  There are new ideas for tools and capabilities and the others just can't say that. They haven't done it. I don't think they're going to do it in a higher interest rate. So I think the volume of our tuck-in deals will increase. Will we spend $3.5 billion this year and $4 billion next year. Yes, maybe we'll see. I think we've got a good shot at it. 
Douglas Howell: Interestingly, David, we have -- we're seeing rate increases and the exposure unit increases in the middle and smaller market greater than we did in the larger account size whereas, say, you go back a year or so ago, it might have been just the opposite. So we're starting to see -- if you're talking about some rate moderation and the increase, it's starting to pick up a little bit in the middle and small market space. The second thing is, remember, if the rate moderates, our customers are very good about opting out of coverage or as much coverage as rates go up and then opting back in for coverage to buy more when rates are coming down. So we've never captured the full increase of the rate and we won't suffer the entire give back if rates moderate a little bit. So there's that opt in, opt out. We haven't really talked about that much in the last 5 years or so. But we're seeing customers opt back in to buy more coverage if there are some moderation in the increase of the rates. 
Douglas Howell: As probably more of the -- if you remember, in December, we had some push out of the fourth quarter. So I would say it might be more catch-up than it is pulling from the future. And we're talking about $5 million on a $3 billion revenue quarter. So it was -- it's not meaningful in any of our numbers. The difference. We love the business, but it's not -- it doesn't make a big difference in any of our numbers. 
Douglas Howell: Well, listen, I don't think that our investment opportunities would be rolled out fast enough in order to spend more going into if we had to pop up in organic growth and starting in August, if something -- the wind blows or something like that. So I don't think we would have the ability even to ramp up on some of the -- some big investment opportunities to offset that additional organic growth. But I'm trying to do some mental math here. If we're up another 0.25 point in organic, it might produce another, in a quarter, to $10 million or $15 million if we had it for half a year, something like that, if I'm doing my math right. So I don't think -- it would probably naturally improve the margins a little bit.  I want to make sure we go back and clarify the question within wholesale, right? When you combine [ binding ] and programs, 11%. The programs are really more running around 2% to 3%. And open brokerage is in that 16% range. So just to make sure that we -- I answered 1 question, Pat has answered a combined question and just to break those 3 out, 16%, over 10% and low single digits on the program side. 
Douglas Howell: Listen, I think the team does a really nice job of looking at our head count controls. We have work model that show how many people we need to have, how many do we have. Do we need to hire in July, August and September, we can kind of forecast that.  Our retention's been very good. I got to say that when you look at it, our retention is better today than it was, let's say, in '18 and '19. So I think we've done a really nice job of taking care of our employees throughout this inflation period. So we're not seeing significant terminations here. So overall, I think our work planning models and our ability to kind of forecast retention has helped us not have to push and pull on the joystick there to see how many more we need to bring on, how many do we need to take off. So it's pretty steady right now. 
Douglas Howell: There's a tone of concerns that seems to be louder today in our interactions with carriers and clients around casualty rate adequacy. So I would say that what we were chatting about in January and February seems to be louder today -- that confirms to be a little bit louder today. And so I think that -- and we're just -- I don't know if I have enough data yet to say absolutely that there was a tone shift in March in our data compared to what we were seeing in January and February.  But when you look at some isolated situations, you boil that down with what we all read. When you combine that with what we hear in meetings with the carriers, we feel that casualty rates probably are more likely going up again in the next 3 quarters -- each of the next 3 quarters than we would see going down by any means. So there is a tone shift there. I just can't quite see it 100% in our data yet, but it seems like it's coming. 
Douglas Howell: Well, listen. I will tell you this that we had a terrific new business quarter. Our teams are working together. I think we're starting to see some nice wins of working with our retailers on that. When you go down -- we were hearing a lot of great stories about teams settled in. When we look back and see it and try to measure our success on doing that merger. Our teams are working together. We're selling more new business.  Our retention seems to be pretty darn good on that. And I think the fact is customers are buying some more cover while you're seeing a little price stability maybe. So we're checking the box on everything that we've considered to be this to be a successful merger. 
Douglas Howell: Well, yes, I think just because reinsurance is a little more skewed seasonally to the first quarter, it did help us, let's say, get from 8% to 8.9% this quarter, right? We do have some pretty good April 1 renewals coming in, so we'll see that in the second quarter. So I think we'll get the benefit of reinsurance a little bit in the second quarter, even though it's not as big percentage-wise as the total amount of our revenues.  And then in the third and fourth quarter, we'll see what happens. We'll see what happens with the wind. Hopefully, there's not a shake anywhere else in the world. But right now, that's why I say, I feel pretty comfortable each quarter in that 7% to 9% range because reinsurance did help, but it wasn't like it moved us from 6% to 9%. It moved us up 75 basis points, something like that this quarter. 
Douglas Howell: Well, it's a laundry list. I mean, first, you start with our people. I think that our training, our development, our internship program, I think bringing on more producers, we are seeing lots of interest in joining Gallagher by experienced producers out there. I think they see that the organization has a lot to offer for them.  Then the next thing you'd look at is technology. We're spending a ton on technology that both enables us to sell more, right, enables us to service better. Those numbers are probably -- the projects on the sheet could be $75 million, something like that. When I look at this year's budget, some of that's capital, some of that is operating expense.  Like, [ looking ] back, we're spending about $75 million a year on cyber today. If you go back 5 years ago, we were spending about $15 million on that. So the fact that we're investing in infrastructure improvement, cyber and other infrastructure improvements. Then you get down into the data and analytics. We are hiring more and more people every day that help us slice and dice our data, look at industry statistics and bring a better delivery of that data through a digital platform to our customers. My guess is we're spending $30 million a year on those efforts. And then you look at AI now. There's starting to be a lot of AI projects inside of the company that are starting to deliver some yield. And so we're spending $5 million a year kind of on AI-related activities out there. So you add all that up, it can get to $200 million to $300 million pretty quickly in what we think we're doing to make a better franchise going forward. 
