J. Patrick Gallagher: Good question. Here’s the thing. We believe we bought about $265 million worth of EBITDA, right? And I think if you kind of do some math on this morning’s report, it looks like in the nine months reporting around $321 million – excuse me, $315 million worth of EBITDA. So their numbers are a little higher than ours. I can guess on why there’s some differences. Their cost might not be fully loaded for costs that would – it would take us to run the business or they would be running the business on a standalone basis. But it was good to see the fact that their number was higher than ours.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No. I think that what they can service it for and well under the TSA and what we can ultimately service it for gets us back to that $265 million.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Yes. Interestingly enough, with all the cat losses properties slightly down in rate, casually continues to spike a properties down quarter-over-quarter, just about a point and a half or so in rate and our book now. I’m speaking about our book of business. Casually, is up a little over a point and worker’s compensation is up about five. So these things moderate quarter-to-quarter that this is not a prediction of any sort for next year, but when we get ready for this call, we look at that and say, okay, what’s actually happening in the market. By the way, our statistics are airtight, by-product, by geography, by billing as of yesterday. So I’m very confident in these numbers. Overall rate is continuing to be up about 8%.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, what’s really nice about this acquisition is there is very little, if almost no overlap. We are not competing head to head really on much at all Capsicum, which was a startup, very successful became of course, Gallagher Re. This is very complimentary business. There might be a few little areas here or there where they each touch, but there are no major renewals across the treaty book that are in conflict. And so what you’ve got is the Gallagher Re people who you could imagine if you were just reading about this numbers to numbers, could be worried about a much larger competitor being acquired, being able to come in with their name, of course, and our brand and how are we going to sort that out? And what does that mean to the clients that they’ve been calling on? Virtually none of that exists. So what you’ve got is a team of people from the Willis Re side that are very excited. The people from Gallagher Re existing are very excited. They hit the ground running in January with a new, improved, much expanded Gallagher Re, and that’s a branding exercise. It is outstanding for all parties and it brings tremendous additional capabilities because as a startup, as you can imagine, over three, four or five years, Capsicum Re has had to develop all the individual capabilities, one at a time, pay for it as they go, still driving decent margins and top line growth. Willis’ is over a hundred years old. They built this stuff they’ve just got terrific depth. And so it’s going to be a very strong combination with almost no conflict whatsoever.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I don’t know if I’d say Josh it’s a matter of size, but here let’s put this in perspective. There’s according to Bobby Reagan’s organization there’s 39,000 agents and brokers in America and that’s firms, not people. Now, number 100 on business insurances lists did $26 million last year. So when you look at what’s available to be purchased, you’ve got 100 that take you to $26 million. You’ve got 38,900, less than that. And our people are out every day talking to our competitors and this is done right at the Street level. Not all of them are brought to the table by brokers that are representing them. And you have large ones that come up from time to time. And when we get a chance at the SIM and we get a chance to get to know them, our number one due diligence efforts still remains culture. You don’t get to wash away culture by size and dollar amount. And no, I wouldn’t say some bigger ones don’t fit because they’re bigger. There are some larger acquisitions we’ve done in the past years that we were thrilled with the fit and they’ve been thrilled with the fit. Now by item count, as you know, most of our acquisitions fall at the $10 million or less level, and yes, they fit extremely well into our entrepreneurial culture.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And you’re right. The top 100 have probably sold more of those in the last two years than probably five years before that combined. And that’s a matter of all kinds of things, appetite, age, multiples, tax law, et cetera. And when we look at those, and if they fit culturally, we try hard to get them to join the team.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think all of the above. I think you’ve got, well, first of all, you have the economy recovering. So, we see that in our Gallagher Bassett numbers. You can see the economy in claim count growth. You do have social inflation, and you have you just got more work being done. And I think that makes a difference, but we’re talking right here, and that’s really driven by loss ratios and what they see. And the thing about worker’s comp, I have to give our carrier partners credit. They know what’s going on in that line every day, and when they see a need to move, right? And that’s why during the hard market, many, many quarters we report flat work comp, because they didn’t need the rate. So this is really interesting to me because they’re not waiting around to find out that they’re 25 points behind the eight ball, and then trying to get it back at one swoop. So, I think it’s a good sign, both of their being on top of their numbers, incredibly well, a recovering economy and need for more and more premium in the line.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I’ll let Doug anchor you in reality. And let me give you fantasy. I think the fact is that this is a leg on the stool that we haven’t had. And I think everybody on this call knows that I’ve tried for years to be a big player in this business, failed miserably once got together with a great team and had a terrific start up a second time. I had a really exciting spring thinking that we were going to land this group of people into the company, through the acquisition of Willis by Aon had that rug pulled out from under me – in late May into June. And somehow was lucky enough to be in the right place at the right time to get this back on track for a close this year. So it’s been a bit of a seesaw for me. And part of the reason I’m excited about it is that it adds so much to the company. It adds, frankly, interestingly enough, to our ability to produce middle market retail property casually business on a global basis. Now, how is that possible? Well, number one data, number two, that data and analytics, but it also gives us a clear insight into what is troubling and exciting to the carrier world. What’s going on in their capital plans. What are they seeing in accumulations? Where are we helping them? And how does that translate to what’s going on the middle market take instruction. So that’s just a whole another opportunity for me to get out in front of our team and say, look, our hit ratio today is improving, but it’s still not that different than when I joined the business. Now, how can that be? We know that 90% plus of the time when we compete in the marketplace, we’re competing with somebody smaller, typically the local agent or broker that we’re buying. And frankly, we should be crushing that. So, I would hope that that would lead to even more organic growth, even into retail level. And then you go into looking at re-insurance, this is a – this isn’t true, but there’s three main players. We’re going to be one of those. And yes, there are other players. And we were proud at [indiscernible] Gallagher to become the fifth largest at a $100 million in revenue. That’s a great accomplishment, but a $1 billion player, that new capital coming into that market, that those carriers that are looking to do new things, treaties that need to be reworked and tweaked three competitors, I think we’re going to do really well.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I think that's was going to be my comments around the team, that management team has held their team together through what I consider to be one of the greatest leadership challenges our industry's faced. Now, it's one thing to say, we've got an acquisition, it could be good for everybody, and we're going to get together with Aon and this is going to be terrific. And you've got a lot of doubters on both sides. And to your point earlier, where's the conflict, where's the headbutting going to be? Wow, you worked that through and then that's not really, what's going to happen. You're going to join Gallagher and that's going to be great, because there's not going to be the headbutting. They're not as big as we were together. We're not going be as big, but that's going to be great for you too. Well, that's not going to happen either. So there's no surprise as to why there was some attrition. And I can tell you since the announcement anecdotally, because Doug's right, we can't get into the numbers, but there's been very little attrition since the announcement that this is really going to happen.
J. Patrick Gallagher: This is so good for us. The team's laughing in the room so I’ve gone now, slow down everybody. Of course the clients are freaking out. You've got their costs going up before they've got their revenue adjusted to cover it. So take our construction risk. They've all bid everything already. They're in the middle of the job. Supply chains, cost of cement, cost of lumber, blah, blah, going up like crazy, every cost on their P&Ls under, they've got to look at everything. So here we come as a really, really good player in the construction area. Again, we compete 90% of the time and very nice accounts with smaller competitors. We can analyze and show them what's actually happening in the book by that type of cover by that type of client. And then we can show them that we can improve upon what they've been getting from their local agent. Yes, they're sensitive. Yes, it should be good new business for us.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks Mark. And thanks everybody for your questions. So thank you again, all of you for joining us today. As we said over and over, we delivered a great third quarter and I'd like to thank our 35,000 plus colleagues around the globe for their hard work, dedication and unwavering client-centric attitude. We look forward to speaking to you again at our December Investor Day. Thank you for being with us and have a nice evening.
Doug Howell: Yes. Just to add to that, if you look back at third quarter 2020, we had our whole portfolio of rate up 7.1%, and this third quarter 2021, it’s up 7.9%. Now there’s a little exposure unit adjustment in there on that. When you look at casually third quarter last year was 5.7%. It’s up 8.4%. Liability was up 10.6% last year, it was up 10 points this year. Commercial auto granted I would – there’s exposure units, and this was flat it’s up 4% this quarter. Package, third quarter is 5.7% up 8.9% this quarter. Property up 11.2%, this quarter up 8%. Marine was 3% and it’s up 6%. So when you look across all in were higher this year third quarter than we were last year third quarter by almost a full point.
Doug Howell: Yes. We’re still on track with a project that’s going to convert it. I don’t know if I’d necessarily call it cash. Let’s be careful about that. But we’re taking a look at how other publicly held brokers and professional services report their non-GAAP EPS and what I call a modified cash approach. And there are a number of different approaches out there whether it’s adjusting for amortization depreciation, but then there’s the subtleties of pension, stock-based compensation. So we’re working through that, nothing to report today, but the projects ongoing, I hope to give you a better update at our December IR Day.
Doug Howell: Yeah, I think so. I think we’ll finish this year on this basis and then go to that basis next spring, the first quarter. We clearly have an IR Day, we’d go back and represent everything historically on that basis. Let you be well-prepared so that let’s say we did it first quarter that you wouldn’t – that you can adjust all your models before we release.
Doug Howell: Well, I think we’ll have two things. I think that they’re slightly tougher compares when you get into 2022 because we did have this – we’re having some good results here in 2021. But I think we do have some businesses that are recovering our programs, our binding businesses, our new business startups are recovering better than the wholesale business. I think you’re starting to see covered lives increase, more consulting work coming back into the structure. Rate increases, we’re not seeing that slowing down at all. So I think there’s enough there on those other – in those other places that would offset the tougher compares next year.
Doug Howell: Yes. Josh, just to clarify, we’ve got 50 outstanding term sheets on 400, which makes the average broker size about $8 million there.
Doug Howell: Okay. So you’ve got the natural accretion of the earn-out liability. So, if we buy somebody and they’ve got – we’ve got $50 million on an earn-out. We discount that back around at about 8% per year. So, you’ve got the accretion of what’s going to be paid out. And then you’ve got to change and what do you think the ultimate is? So again, think that total payout could be $50 million, let’s say we put up $30 million worth of liability expecting kind of that they’re going to perform at the 60% range. Yes, 8% accretion on $30 million, but if one day they really over-performing. We’ve got to pump that up to a $40 million expectation. That that’s the difference that goes to the change in an earn-out piece, as well as an accretion piece. So there were the two different pieces. What you’re seeing those quarters. We did have some acquisitions that have are looking like they’re going to better perform. And it’s that that odd accounting that says that when we think that our acquisitions are going to perform better, we have to take a charge for that as we increase that liability. So…
Doug Howell: Well, the EPS is only adjusted for the change and the acquisition earn-out payable. It’s not a adjusted out, for EPS, it’s not adjusted out for amortization.
Doug Howell: Yes. I’ll put, I don’t think there’s any fantasy in that that at all, I think that it will all perform our regular organic growth. So, I think how much more of that will be determined. But it’s at the knob of capital creation. If you look at the Genesis of Gallagher way back when to really pioneer the alternative market, which is really capital creation, we take that with our cap as we take it with our, that the wholesaling where we're creating capital with other capital markets there to come up with programs. And, I think that it's going to give us an opportunity to create more capital combine that with the knowledge that we have with respect to certain long tail liability, like workers comp and general liability, I think that we can bring some pretty exciting capital formation together with Gallagher asset to help our self-insured clients. So, and then if you just get down into our retail business globally, I think a close partnership with the Willis and Gallagher Re, reinsurers will come up with much, with considerably more creative ideas. I believe in our culture where creative ideas get pursued. I think that will help us grow better together. So I don't think there's any fantasy in what Pat was saying.
Doug Howell: Well, I'll be honest; we're not really allowed to have some of that while we're going through regulatory approval. And so our insight into the performance of that business is limited. It's necessary where with advanced integration planning can happen, but based on what I'm seeing; being reported right now is that it seems to be holding up very well. And I don't think that the breakage that we've assumed in our assumptions, is that they've hit anywhere near that. So I think that what it's holding up well and I got to give that team a lot of credit and they're holding that team together. They know it's going to be an exciting opportunity to be at Gallagher. So I'm a not seen financially any weakness in what we think that we're getting. 
Doug Howell: Yes, I think let's break it down. I think that an organic much like this year, next year that 9% to 10% range is possible 8%, 9%, 10% range. What will margins do next year? Well, some of that depends on how much further cost return to our structure that haven't yet returned to our structure. Remember we are pretty low cost basis still in the first quarter of 2021. So that will revert to next quarter in 2021 also. So I'll put a little pressure on the year-over-year. We're in the middle of budget and planning cycle right now. Mark, I'll have a better answer for you on that in December, but if we're pumping out organic growth pushing 10% next year, there's still opportunities for us to take some of that to the bottom-line. How much is that going to improve margin next year? Give me till December to figure that out.
Doug Howell: Well, $400 million out a year. I think that in all cases that we've looked at a 100% of that has been added back. You got a tax effectively, but that's something that's, it's a big number.
