Doug Howell: Good, just to clarify, we take $12 million of severance in related costs of charges and we expect to save about $35 million of which much of that will be offset by what we refer to as just work force inflation. Those were planned reductions based on our work in August and September to look at our staffing levels in light of the ramp up of our offshore centers of excellence and looking at our technologies and looking at our productivity gains. So it was a necessary step in order to harvest the savings that we expect as a result of the investments and just getting better at what we do everyday.
Doug Howell: Those costs are always in place. Medical cost is going up. I think the decline in pension yields has been there and we've known about that and giving raises to and incentive comp to our broader work force, it’s something that is in our numbers every year. So this is something we just took, we saw it, but there was no surprise there at all.
Doug Howell: No, we intend to use 100% cash and debt to fund our M&A program unless for some reason in the structure of a deal, we need to use stock in order for tax to be at tax rate exchange, and if we have a merger partner that has a strong, strong desire to hold stock, we would consider give it in the stock in that transaction. But by and large, we are going to favor cash and debt.
Doug Howell: Yes, it should. But again if our acquisition appetite grows, we would have to use stock in the deal. We're trying to keep our debt somewhere south of two times debt-to-EBITDA. So at some point, if we really have a strong M&A pipeline, we would be back to using stock towards the end of the year.
Doug Howell: Fourth quarter guidance we guided $0.04 to $0.07 of loss for a corporate segment. The clean energy production in the fourth quarter wasn’t quite as high as I had probably guided generally due to warmer weather in a couple of locations where we have plants. So compared to the fourth quarter we are little short on that but still not too bad. 
Doug Howell: I understand your question, we are highly dependent on the activities of the utility to dictate how much they actually burden of refined fuel or clean coal. So we sit down and we go through each of our utility partners and we get their best guess with respect to production for the next year, and we do suffer from weather issues, from plant maintenance issues. So I would say that our $70 million to $90 million is our best guess at this point, based on what we know now, and so I think it’s a range that we feel reasonably comfortable with.
Doug Howell: We are taking our best guess with respect to ramp up of all the plans that we disclose in page 6, but it does not include any of our best guess for the plans that have not been put into the construction phase at this point.
Doug Howell: So we got a $160 million in the balance sheet, we got free cash flows that will develop this year plus $200 million of debt, so we have a lot of money to spend on acquisition this year.
Doug Howell: Well, we feel like the environment this year is a lot like last year at this time. When it comes to margin I've always said that if you expand, don't expect much margin expansion greater than, unless we have organic greater than 3% on the brokerage side and 5% on the risk management, but what the proactive steps we've taken to control our compensation and benefit, the natural inflation in that we feel good about our prospects for holding and then expanding margin in 2013.
Doug Howell: Yeah, I think that Pat hit it; I mean basically we didn't get a lot of lift this quarter from economy and we didn't get a lot of lift from rate, it was just a little better new business and a little less loss business. So that's what we are seeing.
Doug Howell: No, I think there is behind the 40 basis points expansion of margin this quarter there is a couple of subtleties that I think you should think about. First is, margins would have expanded probably another 20 basis points, but our 2012 tranche acquisition of M&A partners happened to be seasonally smaller in the fourth quarter just like Heath Lambert is smaller in the first quarter, this tranche of acquisitions tends to have smaller margins in the fourth quarter. We also spent about another 25 basis points on more travel this quarter; half of that was related to the M&A activity, so may be 12 basis points of expansion; about six basis points were related to our efforts to harvest the productivity improvements that we have talked about that led to our workforce contraction and then may be another six basis points related just more to organic travel to get out there and see our clients and pick up new business. So I am not saying that those are one-timers, but they did have an impact on margin expansion in the quarter that would not have the seasonality and maybe just little less M&A activity, probably would have expanded another 20 to 40 basis points.
Doug Howell: I think that the organic travel for new business and for our new business and our existing clients will be there in the first quarter, but that is only six basis points of costs. I think there is always a natural slowdown in M&A activity in the first quarter; there is, generally if you look at M&A activities and you do 60 deals, you know the first quarter people are kind of just catching their breath and then they target to get stuff down before the end of the year. So we always say we do a year worth of acquisitions in nine months, so that should be not be there the next quarter.
Doug Howell: Yeah, to contributing to that Adam is that we spent a lot of time on carrier analysis and compensation analysis and that's starting to pay some benefits there. As we look into 2013 frankly, the teams are hard at working with the carriers right now to come up with fair supplemental and contingent commission agreement. So I really won't have a big deal of that until the April call.  Overall, if you model that equal to what we did this year, you wouldn't be too terribly far off and then also we are starting to see a few carriers start talking about moving back from supplemental into contingents. That would create a timing issue perhaps that we normally accrued during the year but we might get it next March. So, I will give you more guidance on that in April on our call.
Doug Howell: It’s good. I think that I'm actually pretty pleased with that. The revenue retention there, I think that we are culling out some of that book-of-business as we look at it to say if we can't make money we will put it out. They are doing a good job of holding in there and we picked up some nice accounts over there too. I think that…
Doug Howell: Yeah, in terms of debt Brian, I think that, let keep those $200 million put to bad and then what we need to look at little bit of longer term, it doesn't paid right now to do that at this point, but if we have a little bit of trough in rates still for the rest of the year, we would look at doing something with our 2017 tranche.
Doug Howell: Yeah, good question Ray if you read in our press release and income tax section we have moved historically we would say 39% to 41%, we are kind of south of that now. That has to do with the mix of our international business. As we grow internationally the tax rates in those jurisdictions are less than what we have here and so that does have a tendency to bring down the rate.
Doug Howell: No I think actually we should hit the ground running with respect to our South Australia clients, so I don't expect it to drag.
Doug Howell: Yeah, we have about 40 million free in the US and about 120 million internationally. So when I gave the 160 million in free cash, its about 40 in the US and a 120 internationally.
Doug Howell: The pace that we have in here is, if you add up the ultimate numbers on page six, you get a number higher than what we have on page 14 of the investor supplement. So what that would imply is that the pace is probably a three months set back. So if you think about the pace of these plant coming on, not going to each one of them, but we have two that we think is going to be in mid-2013 and then the ones that were currently like we have been selected as the finalist, those would come up in the fourth quarter if that works. So I think the pace on six rather than going through each one is our best guess, but we’ve given our selves a few months cushion age of those pieces.
Doug Howell: I think of the portfolio of acquisitions if you look overtime, they come in not that dissimilar to us. So I wouldn’t say that the fuel margin or depressed margin, you can get some quarterly anomalies like we talked about here, but by and large they look a lot like us and that’s an important strategy of our M&A strategy. When it comes to most of these deals, we want to buy successful, growing entrepreneurs that know how to run a business to make money for themselves and because we want them to make money for us together as a combined organization, we try not to ever buy small deal that’s a turnaround, we try not to buy retirements, we want to buy people, we want to continue to produce for us, and that they have shown that they can make for their family. If they don't make money for their family, they are never going to make money for us when they come in. So buy and large these are successful entrepreneurs that run margins that are on par with ours.
Doug Howell: No, the truants that I am talking about, they just were seasonally smaller in the fourth quarter, full year they are on par with us.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: We had talked about that last year, trying to be ready by the end of ‘12 on that. We think its port more of a mid-2013 exercise at this point.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I think we are in a unique situation. This is my fourth cycle and it’s completely different than anything I have ever seen before. I do think it’s in that 5% to 8% continual pressure to push rates up.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I'll give you a general comment and let Doug comment on the break out if he can. But, we just had a great fourth quarter in new business and retention. I mean frankly coming into the fourth quarter and December in particular you know what your pipeline looks like and you don't know what your orders are going to look like. It’s an aggravating quarter and an aggravating month for me to be perfectly honest, because you can get hurt by one big loss, you can really be helped by various operations doing well and this is just as time we are in the fourth quarter and in December in particular across every geography, so our international operations had an incredible quarter, our MGAs and wholesalers strong organic growth, I already commented on our benefits operation and our straight PC retail folks knocked it out of the park in the quarter and it really comes down to incrementally keeping a better rate of retention and adding more new business. And in Doug’s comments this is the thing that I'm really proud of, it was a tough quarter to compare. Last year, if you recall in the fourth quarter, we also did 5% organic and didn't see that level of organic growth again for the three next quarters and to have a big quarter last year and then to do it again this year is just solid work by the team.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: The rate increases that we talked about by the way, I should comment on this, the rate increases that we are talking about by a comp by comp, we are working very hard to offset those for our clients. So we are seeing about 1% impact on our revenues from rate, so don't be thinking that just because the carriers are getting an 8% rate increase that necessarily our clients are paying that, they will take higher deductibles, they will move to self insurance; if it's really in a situation where they are squeezed economically, they will reduce coverage and overall impact in our numbers is just 1% from rate.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, we thought the lower run rate for organic in the fourth quarter was an anomaly, and frankly, we did have some impact there, negative impact from a bit of a slower economy. So yes, I would think that our more normalized run rate would be something along the lines of 5% to 6%.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: We didn’t mentioned it, but I can tell you we're not seeing claim count growth, because we're not seeing employment growth and what we are seeing is the same thing that the insurance carriers are finding is that we're seeing medical inflation within the comp line to a point where the medical costs are growing much faster than the indemnity costs.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah, especially in our MGA book business market, that’s very sensitive to that. So when the economy tanked in ‘09 and ‘10 and really for that business to do well we need bars and taverns and tattoo parlors and people like that to start businesses and when they do, they end up in the excess and surplus market and then specialty programs and so we are seeing -- we have over the last really three quarters seen some improvement in business startup which is helping us in our MGAs. 
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I’ll touch on where it’s coming from and let Doug touch on what is sort of forecasting for next year. This is more about having new partners through the merger and acquisition process than it is new carriers coming in. Most of our supplementals and contingents are coming from the same partners that we worked with in building those programs over the last four or five years and its building more volume with the carriers that support us essentially with those revenues. 
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: You know Adam for us its really, that's kind of a non-event to be honest. We don't do an awful lot of business in the under 100 life case area. What we do is primarily above that level and when you get over a 100 lives whether even if the client chooses to pay it by commission, it’s a disclosed, negotiated discussed fee and so it comes through our books as commission but its really what the client agrees and we have for a decade now made it very clear to clients that in essence under risk for 20 plus years we've been transparent with our clients. If we have a certain level of cost, we need to cover that to do the work for the client. We are very transparent about that, we are very open and so the pressure on insurance companies to reduce commissions is not really impacting our benefits book-of-business at all.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: We picked up some very nice risk management accounts with their risk management team and the team that we had in London before the acquisition. We've done an excellent job of holding on to books of business in both the affinity which is small business programs that we have as well as middle market and in the branches around the UK.  And as I said, we bolted on [four] acquisitions that we never would have been able to do if we hadn't done the deal so all in all organic growth is strong there and M&A growth is strong there and the team has done a really good job of integrating that business.  Just as an example how difficult that is, you can imagine Heath Lambert’s benefits programs were substantially different than our Arthur J. Gallagher’s benefits programs. Harmonizing those is really, really difficult and our team did a fantastic job of working through that so that we are all now one company, one set of benefits across the entire platform. That's just one example of the work that had to be done.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: It is very correlated. Gallagher Bassett is incredibly sensitive to the economy. When you are working three shifts and you take that down to one shift, you are going to lose two-thirds of your claim count. [Scott], go ahead. 
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I would also comment, Brian. We're not seeing FTE hires in our benefits book either. Our clients are not hiring people. Their businesses are getting a little better but they are not stepping up and hiring people.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Let me take the first half of your question Brad and then Doug can talk about the capital management secondly. I am really impressed within this cycle and I think this is both information situation as well as just strong management.  Senior management at the insurance companies know where they are making money, they know by line, by city, by country, by state they really have information at their finger tips. As I have said before, this is one of the first times in my career where what I am hearing from the senior executives at insurance companies is actually happening exactly as they are saying it on the street.  There is usually a bit of a disconnect as you are getting towards the end of a cycle and they know exactly what’s happening to their cost structure and if costs are inflating which (inaudible) is in fact inflating and medical is in fact inflating, they recognize loss cost are going up and they know exactly what percent that is and what the impact will be on the next year and they are going to try to cover that loss cost with rate increases and it’s actually quite impressive, they are doing a very, very good job.  And I think our people are getting better and better at explaining that to clients because when it first came about three, four quarters ago may be six quarters ago frankly, all the people we had hired for eight years all they had ever done is sell cheaper insurance with broader terms and all of a sudden they are explaining to clients that carriers have no return and they are having to become more sophisticated in how they explain how insurance works to clients and its been quite impressive and I do think that as long as yields remained suppressed, you are going to see carriers that fight hard to try to cover their cost of capital.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Bob, great question and yes, you should look at that, it's in the past I have said that it takes 3% to cover the natural inflation that goes on inside of our book, if we believe we cut that natural inflation by this reduction enforce then it would stand to reason that we probably could have margin expansion at less than 3%, so you are providing the linkage there.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah Bob if I can get mid single digit increases in rate and if our clients businesses can recover to even a 2% economic growth, with our new business machine we will show very solid organic growth which is what showed up in the fourth quarter and if you give me 5% to 8% organic growth and I'm not predicting 8% right now, but if you see a real change in the economy and rates stay affirming you can show some real growth at the profit line.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Every single cycle, every single cycle it does and in particular, the workers compensation line. Workers compensation is running very high. Combined loss expense ratio for the industry as a whole, something on probably north of probably north of 115%. That’s going to create a natural push from the carriers to increase workers comp premiums and those will be offset by people who will join pools, find together to create ways to self insure. It will take individual clients that will form captives or group captives and you will also see just individual clients that are on the cusp, taking more risk themselves, working harder at loss prevention and trying to not pay the premium but pay the losses themselves. This is our wheelhouse. This is what built our company. We got in to this in the 60s and in every single cycle, this is what expand for us greatly and that really benefits Gallagher Bassett as well as the brokerage side. Now remember part of that is a little bit self defeating on the brokerage side, because if we are writing an account with a very high commission that then take self insurance and takes a huge retention, our commission has actually come down. The fees on the Gallagher Bassett side our new fees that we didn’t have, but those are little bit lower in terms of margin. Nonetheless it’s the right thing to do for our clients and we are really, really good at it. 
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Great, let me just make a brief wrap up comment then. Again thank you all of you for being on the call this morning, we appreciate it. As you can tell we are pleased with our 2012 results, we are excited about 2013; we believe we got a solid strategy. We have a team that we believe the second to none and we look forward to continue to grow the enterprise in 2013 and beyond. So thank you again for being with us. Thank you Kristine and that we will end our call today.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: Just a couple of numbers question because I guess a lot of the topics have been covered already, but maybe Doug can you talk about the tax rate on the core business, I know we spent some time talking about the clean energy initiatives, but it seems like you guys maybe are expecting a lower tax rate going forward.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: And then I know you mentioned the one large client on the risk management side, margins around 16%, but any other sort of drag you guys expect in the first quarter from bringing some of those hires online.
Ray Iardella - Macquarie: Okay and then I think I missed the number at the very beginning Pat in your prepared remarks, where you talked about you know $232 million of acquisitions that you guys did in 2012 but what was the expectation for 2013 for those acquisitions.
