Douglas Howell: Listen, we had a terrific finish to the end of June. Submissions were up 31% during June. There is a – clearly a continued use of wholesalers. We're not seeing really any significant shift back to the primary market and the submissions were up and so our guidance is up.
Douglas Howell: Well, yes, let's reaffirm that we see next year, it could be very similar to this year. Let's see what happens with hurricane season, casualty rates, interest rates, the election. So there's some unknowns that are happening, but we still think that next year feels a lot like where this year will come in. When it comes to margin expansion, let us work on that a little bit during our budget season. We'll start that before our September IR Day. We should have a good idea in October. But there's nothing systemic out there that would cause us to believe that in a 7% to 9% organic environment, you could see margins up in that 75 basis point to 100 basis point range.
Douglas Howell: So I think we've spent around $700 million thus far this year. We have some commitments out there. Do I see us having some buybacks? Maybe. We do have the large earn-out payable that's due right after the first of the year also. That's generally – we don't include that in that number. We kind of anticipate that, but that – we'll see. I just got off the phone an hour ago with one of our M&A bird dogs here in the U.S., and he's really starting to feel upward pressure on opportunities for M&A. There are some that are sitting there thinking that we'll see what happens with the November election. If it goes Republican, there's a lot of proposals to drop the capital gains rate maybe down to 15%. So you might have people that try to push that into January. If the Democrats win, then there might be a push to get things sold before the end of the year. So we're sitting very similar to where we were before an election three and a half years ago and where we were seven and a half years ago. There is a lot of uncertainty on M&A flow that revolves around the presidential election. So I think we've got a great shot of using it all. And if not, we'll take a look at what happens on share repurchases.
Douglas Howell: All right. So a great thing and maybe we haven't talked about it directly for quite a few quarters, but you always have to think about the opt-in, opt-out of the buyers' behavior. When prices are going up, buyers opt out of coverages, which might mean they increase the deductible, lower a limit or just don't buy certain coverages. As prices start to moderate or slower amounts of increases, they tend to opt back in. They reduce their deductibles, they raised their limits and maybe they buy coverages and they said, we just couldn't afford before. So if you go all the way back into our investor materials, there is always a delta between rate and exposure and what our organic growth is. And so that's why in periods when you see property is up 12%, we're not growing our property lines by 12%. They're growing 7%, 8%, 9% that's actually our revenue. So you always have to remember the opt-in, opt-out impact. Then the other thing to do is you got the dynamic of large accounts versus mid-market and small accounts that can influence that. So we're giving you a feel of what's going on in the market, but the behavior of our actual customers can vary depending on – by rational buying behavior. Prices go down, I buy more. Prices go up, I buy less.
Douglas Howell: Well, it'll take me a minute to dig it out, but I can tell you that June year-to-date, we've actually expanded the spread between new and lost by a full point. And I think that's probably the best way to look at it. The absolute numbers are kind of irrelevant. Our non-recurring is also coming back. Before some of the non-recurring revenues might have been putting just a slight drag on organic, but now they're actually being in line with just our recurring business. So you're seeing an expansion of our spread between new and lost. How do we see that going forward? Greg, it gets more and more complicated. I actually think our team will do a better job showing our wares and our capabilities in a more of a stable rate environment versus kind of some of the chaotic rate environment that we've been seeing over the last few years. We've developed – we spent so much money on resources in the last five years. Three of those were consumed with COVID. Two of those have been consumed with some chaotic market behavior. Put our guys on a field with kind of calm rate environment, a client that's not trying to just save their business and rebuilding it after COVID, I think you'd be amazed at the digital and data and analytics and expertise. And now bring our reinsurance folks into bear, stack them up with our wholesalers, I got to tell you, it is a compelling offer at the point of sale that I would think that would absolutely deliver better net new business, more new, less loss as our clients really see the capabilities that we have built over the last five years. Arguably, maybe we've spent $1 billion in capabilities over the last seven years, something like that. So that's going to come out at the point of sale and give us a little calm in the market, and I think you're going to see our new business continue to go up.
Douglas Howell: Yes. I think if you talk about the growth path of our offshore centers of excellence, I think remember they work only for us. They're an integral part of our team. There isn't that they or we they are us. If you look at some of our outlook, if we're going to be $20 billion of revenue, there'll be almost 30,000 folks there. So the growth path of our India and other area service centers will grow faster than the headcount in our other areas. But more importantly on this is we've been on this nearly 20-year journey now to standardize, make our operations consistent. It really is going to allow us to deploy AI into that environment. AI is terrific when you have consistency of information and repeatable behaviors and processes. And we have that, and we've spent nearly 20 years doing this. We have a jump, I believe, compared to most by almost a decade. And I think that some of the tests that we're using with AI now will make our folks there better, will make the different type of job for our folks in the centers better, it will make our sales folks better, our service folks better. And I can speak, and I've got 57% of my entire global finance, worldwide finance team operating out of there, and I can see it going to 80%. So it is going to be a service and sales differentiator for us because of the hard work we've put in for the last 15 years.
Douglas Howell: Well, let's see, it probably was maybe in 2000, when was Brexit? 2007 or 2008 years ago, whatever Brexit was.
Douglas Howell: Well, actually, a little bit of both. We actually saw it in property. And actually, property is a pretty heavy quarter for us here in the second quarter. If you think it's about a third of our business, I think here in the second quarter, it might comprise 50% of our mix. So property in July. We did see a slight tick up. I'm talking a point or so. I'm not talking about is five or eight points. It's one point to two. Casualty rates are showing some, I wouldn't say acceleration. We used the word advancement in terms of where they are because – but they're steady. We'll see what happens with the – with pricing here in the second half of the year coming out of the carriers. So I would expect that to advance more. So not a jump up, but certainly, again, our dailies, they come out overnight. I looked at it last night, and we're seeing a tick up on both property and on casualty.
Douglas Howell: I think that the answer is this. First of all, if you look at what we did during COVID, we actually took out quite a few folks, and we've been hiring back since then. Our business has grown into that. We haven't stopped hiring by any means, so it's not an indication of everything. I think the teams just are seeing of their workload models that we're probably okay staffed in the environment that we are right now. So I would read that into it, but nothing systemic, but just maybe that we've hired back into the capacity that we need in 2023.
Douglas Howell: All right. First of all, on the supplementals, we've done pretty well year-to-date. Contingents, we did have some development that happened. We're probably not accruing as, I don't want to use the word bullish, but I will for the second. And as we were – as maybe we could. Casualty, we're cautious on it. Some of our programs and some of our binding operations, you got to be a little bit careful on performance-related compensation there. But I don't see a systemic shift in how we believe that our total compensation is going to happen. Maybe some bumps a little bit per quarter, but we're talking a couple of $3 million on a $130 million number year-to-date. So it's pretty small.
Douglas Howell: Right. So first of all, let's make sure you asked about the history is that I think in 2022, we posted about 12% annual organic growth, 2023, it was – excuse me, 2021 was – it was 12%, 2022 was about 13% and last year is pushing 16%. This year, if we get 9%, we did talk about a couple of very large wins that we had that incepted in mid-2023. What we're seeing in our book of business right now is actually reassuring, not that we need reassurance. This is a great near double-digit grower and has been for a very long time is we're starting to see more and more opportunities in that $2 million to $10 million type customer a year. If you look at the amount of new business sales that are happening relative to, let's say, five years ago, it's nearly doubled now. We're double the size, too, but the carriers are beginning to understand that we offer a highly customizable solution. Self-insureds are seeing that our outcomes are better. So I think that there's a market awakening that we – when we pay nearly $12 billion or $13 billion primarily workers' comp and general liability claims that would be one of the top five, six, seven tiers in the U.S. as measured by total claims paid. So the expertise customizable services is becoming more and more known in the industry. So we're getting many more trips to the plate. Maybe a couple of fewer home runs, but I think we're going to see a lot of doubles and triples out there. So I wouldn't call it a lull because we're in now 9% this year, but we did have two years of some pretty big wins in there.
Douglas Howell: Yes. Listen, I think that right now, open brokerage is maybe in that 11% to 13% range. And I think that binding and programs might be in the low-mid-single digits, something like that.
Douglas Howell: Yes, I think it's a little tough for us. If they write a new cover and it goes through a different – if an existing client writes a new cover that goes through our wholesale business, that would be new business. If it's a change in premium level or like a slightly lower deductible or slightly low – higher retention, that would go as renewal change. It's a little tough sometimes to split that apart. But – so part of it goes to new business. Probably if I were going to guess, maybe 20%, 25% goes through new business and 75% would go through the renewal premium change.
Douglas Howell: All right. Great question. So on the surface, we're about the same as they were last year second quarter. But what happened last year's second quarter, we actually had quite a bit of endorsements that came out of the mini banking crisis. You were seeing a lot of banks increasing their D&Os in April of – March, April of 2023. We didn't have that repeat this year, probably a good thing we're not having that crisis. But interestingly, flat year-over-year, carve that out, that's still up pretty nice.
Douglas Howell: All right. So yes, there's some good program development going on that combines those three together. Then also, you're having the introductions that happen across the units. I think our introductions to our reinsurance folks coming out of our carrier relations folks to the carriers is working very well. We're seeing some nice wins on that. Getting our program folks integrally involved with the reinsurers to create the capital, find the fronting market, it's going very well, at least from the CFO's chair.
Douglas Howell: Well, most of our tax credits are already in the bank. So I think we feel pretty comfortable about that. What are we working on? I think that with 45Q that really was passed under the previous above – all above-the-line inflation reduction at, it's made the tax credit market much more common, much more defined, broader, but we're pretty well suited for tax credits for the next four to five years. I'm not – I don't think we need to plunge in to new tax credit projects right now because we just generate the credits and they sit on the shelf for four or five years. The team is working on it, and there are some exciting things that are happening out there across all forms of clean energy that are exciting. But I don't see us doing something big in the next 1.5 years. Let's burn through these credits first, and then we'll see about what we can do. And by that time, there'll be a robust market out there for tax credits. You can get insurance on it now that much more to ensure the credit. So that's a good change in the law. Right now, I think the law is pretty well suited for us to do something in a few years and probably not have to do it with a lot of capital investment into it either.
Douglas Howell: Well, listen not to belabor the PE update. Like I said I just got off the phone with our bird dog. And I got to tell you, my soap box is that I had during the IR Day about the new, what I call less than transparent equity structures that PEs are now doing in order to buy nice family-owned brokers. I think there's starting to be more and more of – the curtain has been pulled back on that, and I think that sellers are really looking at. They don't have the same equity. At Gallagher, you got one equity, owners, employees, people that sell into the business and you on this call own the same equity across the board. That's not how it works now with the PE structures, and it all looks okay, do the models on it, looks okay, what happens if everything goes up in a linear line. Get a little bit of a down draft on that, and the people that give their family's lifetime of work to the PE firms get very little. And I'm telling you that is something that needs to be aware out there. And I think that when I talked at one of the bird dog today, he said, it's becoming more and more apparent to sellers they're getting the last spot of the trough.
Douglas Howell: I think the degree of difference on a full-year on – listen, we're talking about a couple of million dollars on the difference between the 9% and 10%. So I wouldn't say that it's made $5 million. So there's nothing that's just – we think that we've got better insight for the rest of the year and so that range is coming maybe to the lower end of it than the upper end of it.
Douglas Howell: Maybe the latter. I think it's been four weeks since we talked to you. We just finally got one more data point, and that's the close of June. So we'll talk to you again in September. And either way, listen, anywhere in that range. Look at that, that's 7% to 9% growth on top of 9% last year, 9% before. When you go back in 2019, we grew 6% all in. anywhere in that range is a terrific year. And if we can repeat it again next year, it's another terrific year.
Douglas Howell: Well, you're talking about personal line just being a pure auto writer, that's probably not what we're going to do. We're not great at it. We're an adviser. So if somebody is going to use us to use our advice to help them buy their insurance, that's the business of what we'd like to be in. High net worth on, we do a terrific job of it. I'm telling you our folks are some of the very best in the business, and that's an important spot right now. There's planes, there's boats, there's houses on sand bars, there's – how is on views that have landslide risk, high net worth needs an adviser probably as much as any complex mid-market commercial client. Just going on and trying to buy an auto writer, auto is probably not what we're looking to do. If it's going to be one of those things that it takes advice will be there in that space.
J. Patrick Gallagher: As Doug said – let me hit on that as well, Mike. Let's not forget what our job is. So Doug hit right on it. When rate and exposure looks like it's up 12% and you say, well, how come you're not seeing that write in your renewal book? Our job is to mitigate that. And we start right with that promise like wait a minute, here's where we see the market coming. A good broker gets out in front of this with their clients' months. Here's what we see in the market, here is what's coming, what are we going to do about it? Let's take retentions up. Remember, you dropped to cover before now it's time to add it. So there's a lot of moving parts between those two numbers.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, definitely. Absolutely. Number one, yes, if you throw me the softball, we're doing a good job for our clients, the answer is going to be best in the business. And we think these numbers show that. And we think the growth numbers show it. Absolutely. And yes, you'll continue to see always some change between what's being reported as growth in units of exposure and premium rates based on what we do. And the tools in our toolbox are unbelievable. So do you want to look at a captive? Would you like to take your attention up? It's not just, do you buy insurance or don't. Let's start with the things that maybe are the last things you should insure and the first things you'll self-insure. There's a lot of that work going on with our people every single day. By the way, that appetite for risk is very individual. It's not prescriptive. You can't take a book, there's no AI that says, Oh, an auto dealer has this much appetite for risk based on the number of cars in a lot. It's not how it works. So that's where our profession comes in and dealing with those people, and then our advice is critical. It's not just, well, I'm pretty bold here. I think $1 million retention makes a lot of sense. Wait, wait, wait, we think it looks better this way. And that's what we get paid to do.
J. Patrick Gallagher: It'll go up. Yes, I do for a lot of reasons. I think that you're going to see the opportunity to buy more at prices that look more reasonable. And there have been cutbacks in the purchase of certain. The other thing is that these nuclear verdicts are real, and people are seeing that and they're going, it doesn't cost us much to buy on the high-end, the top of the tower, it does downward there's a lot more activity. And I still want to be sitting here with some goofball jury comes up with a $1 billion award.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, this is Pat, Greg. Let me take the operational side of that, and I'll throw the ball to Doug for the numbers and any kind of discussion there. But everywhere I look, I see opportunity and unbelievable benefits from using our centers of excellence. We started off checking policies 20 years ago with 12 people. We now have 12,000 people supporting over 400 services in 100 countries. It is unbelievable the level of professionalism that they help us attain. And that is a differentiator at the point of sale. It's a differentiator when we're recruiting. It's a differentiator in everything we do, and I don't see any sense of that slowing down or not being something that continues to expand. It's not just about replacing heads by any means. It's about having the people that should be doing things, doing them and freeing up those that should be doing other things, giving them the time to do that, which I do think feeds into retention and new business. So I think the – our centers of excellence are a unique product offering back to Doug's point about all the things we've invested in I think they are a very beneficial add to our sales list of things we provide at Gallagher. And as we grow through acquisitions alone, everyone of those people join us and we immediately start plugging them into this resource, which is another one of the reasons they join us. So to me, it's a very differentiating thing that we do. I think our team there is absolutely spectacular, and I'll let Doug address the numbers.
J. Patrick Gallagher: But we wrote all the big ones. That's not, but [indiscernible] is a lot more difficult, more lumpy than the stuff we're seeing now.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Mark, what I'm – what I'm most impressed with and pleased with is the fact that you're seeing that open brokerage number keep moving in nice double digits. My experience with these types of markets, especially with property is that the first line you kind of see submission slow down, people sort of stay where they are. There is a – our submission count is up substantially for the quarter, for the month, for the year. We are not seeing business flow back to the primaries. So the I think change that we've seen that were excess and surplus is becoming much more of the norm and where people want to check out what a wholesaler can do, and then we earn that business, we're not losing it. So submission counts are up, retention rates are up, new business is up, and that's pretty exciting.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I think some of that flows back – well, so for instance, a good example of that is a lot of our public entity clients, and as you know, we're very, very sizable in the public entity sector. They just work off a budget. And if the primary premiums are rising, they're taking bigger retentions, they're dropping limits, and they don't – they're not necessarily comfortable with that. So when the opportunity to buy those back up comes up, and they had an extra layer, they expand their coverage, oftentimes, we will call that new business. And at the same time, we're facing the renewal reductions on the stuff that stays with us. But it is a factor of what's available and what their budget restraints are.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. Mike, I think when we talked about that, we weren't talking about taking just individual accounts and saying the way we want to do this is all together now on the XYZ manufacturing company. What we're talking about is what Doug was hitting on. We're now meeting with insurance companies quite regularly, and we're saying, let's talk about the broad base of our relationship. And at that table are our reinsurance people, our benefits people, our service people on the claims side as well as the property casualty production and marketing folks. That is working extremely well for us, and that's really what Doug was talking about. Now at the same time, in RPS, looking across a broad base of programs. We are looking at those saying, okay, we've got about 250 programs in the company. Where are we not, a, doing the reinsurance, b, doing the claims and what should we be doing to make sure that our retailers are using those programs as well. So it's kind of a mixed bag, and it's not like we just take XYZ account to the market and say now it's all or nothing, or to the client and say it's all or nothing. I hope that color gives you a little bit of reference to what we were talking about the last time around as well.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Let me take another side of that too, Mike. Second quarter, I believe it was Marsh Perry put out a reporter Optus partners. There were 62 buyers of properties in the second quarter alone. There's a lot of private equity interest in our space. That's not stupid money. I do believe that the multiples have risen, that we've been paying for these properties because of that interest over the years. Having said that, I think the quarter was 20% down in actual transactions. So you've got maybe smarter money, maybe smaller amounts of money, but the transaction count is coming down. I think sellers, as Doug said, are getting a little bit more discerning. And I do think when you take a look at what's happened with some of the roll-ups who are now at a point where it's time to go public, and I won't mention any names, you know who they are, well, let's see how that goes. It isn't an easy slog, and I think sellers are seeing that as well. And by the way, it's pretty easy to join somebody that's going to change, nothing in your shop until they want to go public. Better, I think, as Doug said, and joined me that everybody from the family to you all as investors, you have the same stack. Now one other comment on this. When we do an acquisition, we give the opportunity for everybody in that acquisition from that point on to participate in this equity. We've got an employee stock purchase plan. We have an LTIP program for management and senior producers. We've got all kinds of ways for people to participate in our success and our growth. You sell to the PE people, the owners do great, PE investors hopefully do great, and that’s it baby. Well, I like our model.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Very small. Most of that hurricane exposed business, especially in Florida, is in the excess and surplus, Meyer, we're the largest excess and surplus broker, I think, in the state. A lot of that is – all that’s in the E&S markets and none of those are subject to contingents.
J. Patrick Gallagher: We're actually very excited about the stuff there. I think that's – it's, a Doug said, a real opportunity for us.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think that's our last comment. So just our last question, let me make just a few comments on the way out here. Thank you, again, very much all of you for joining us. I know it's a little late, and thanks to all of our Gallagher colleagues around the world for their hard work and their dedication. These quarters don't just happen. Thanks to your efforts, that means our people we're in a really enviable position our net new business is up. Our M&A pipeline is growing. I'm proud of the year-to-date financial performance. And as you can tell, I'm bullish on 2024 and beyond. So 40 years, 16% TSR, compound average annual growth rate, pretty good 40 years. I'm looking forward to the next 40. Thanks for being with us.
