J. Patrick Gallagher: Thanks for the question, Mike. This is Pat. First of all, the integration across the board, that's in New Zealand, Australia, Canada and the U.K., is going extremely well. We're seeing exactly what we had hoped for. When it comes to expanding the business, we needed a platform in those locations to continue to do the bolt-on acquisitions that we do so well here in the United States and that we've been doing in the U.K. And we're seeing that activity percolating along very nicely. So the fact that we're now one of the largest brokers in Australia, we are, we believe, the largest in New Zealand, is giving us opportunities there to continue to bolt acquisitions on, and the same is true in Canada and the U.K. So the work streams that are involved in bringing these people aboard, minor things like, just as I mentioned in my comments, the rebranding in the U.K. are going extremely well. And I think that what we're hoping for in the long run is to continue to be able to build those businesses out. You asked the question as to whether we have capacity to continue to do acquisitions? I think the leadership in each of those locations is excited. They're turned on and they're telling our story to smaller business owners that, I believe, will want to join us. So we have plenty of capacity. Our pipeline is very strong, both domestically and globally. And I think it bodes well for future acquisitions.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And actually, Kai, this is Pat. It takes 6 to 12 months for our new partners in those parts of the world to kind of really understand the power of the organization and to tap into things like salesforce.com and the niches that we've got. And once that gets some traction, we do quite well. So it's a year of basically getting to know each other.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, we're extremely excited about our partnership with Grahame Chilton and Capsicum Re. And it's kind of an interesting play there. The traditional view of the marketplace in terms of reinsurance is that you have to have incredible amounts of analytics to be able to compete. And one of the things that Chily has kind of brought to the table is that with all of the capacity that's in the reinsurance market, there's a premium now on execution, on actual placement. So it's -- in essence, it's almost kind of a return to the past. And that business is going extremely well for us. Obviously, we're not the majority owner of Capsicum Re, but we're a good partner and we see really great traction there.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Sure, let me break that down for you, Charles. This is Pat. First of all, when the market, over the last 4 years, has either been firming a bit, and again, that CIAB numbers are not out yet, but in the past, we've seen as much as maybe 4%, maybe 5% rate increases. Now, we're seeing kind of flattish to down a bit. Our people have mitigated those impacts and the marketplace itself has contributed less than 1%, either up or down, to our organic growth. Our organic growth comes from one thing. We sell more than we lose. We get up every morning and we knock on doors and we tell people we ought to handle their insurance. And the data that we're able to accumulate today, which is far better than any we've seen in the past, tells us that we know that 90% of the time, when we go out into the marketplace to compete, we compete with a player that's smaller than we are. Now for people like myself that came aboard in 1976 when nobody even knew who we were in Chicago, that's a whole different position to be in. So our organic growth is coming from market share increase. Period.
J. Patrick Gallagher: As far as the size of the firm today, I believe we are probably the only firm of our size that pays our people for what they basically write.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I'll tell you, you raised a really good point. One of the things that we're focusing on very heavily is exactly your point on lines of business that we're not presently writing. So we are looking at every single account as it comes up for renewal. And if we're writing the property in the auto, but we don't have the general liability in the umbrella, we're going hard at it at adding those lines. At the same time, it's straight up competition on new pieces of business. So it's really a combination of both.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think the marketplace is going to get a lot of traction, both from new clients wins, as well as existing accounts that are presently in a more traditional arrangement, either moving to defined contribution or just liking the ability to give their employees more choice. So I think you'll see a greater movement, especially as we get around to the fall of next year when open enrollment is once again on us. Right now, I think people are still learning about the exchanges and they're interested in them, but I think because open enrollment is already going on, most people are sort of stuck with renewing the kind of process and program that they have in place. They also are concerned about not losing any grandfathering as we go into more compliance rules in 2015. And so I think it's going to take time through the spring and the summer of next year for the C-Suite to really understand the opportunities the exchange provides, and I think you'll see a nice blip in '16 and '17.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think Arash, our people get up every day and go out and compete head-to-head with everybody that's in the marketplace. As I said, earlier, 90% of the time when we compete, we're competing with a smaller, probably more localized competitor. But we're very good at large accounts. Large accounts are what created Gallagher Bassett 40 years ago, 50 years ago. And it's -- but they're lumpy. And one of the things we want to do is be as transparent with you as shareholders as we can possibly be.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Actually, this year, I would say it's both. We've had a very good year on the large account front. Written business is up substantially from prior year. I think that the product offering that we're getting, the people that we're recruiting are getting some traction in the self-insured market. Large accounts are looking at us as a very viable choice for doing their claims work. But also very excitingly to me, and I think this is a true shift in the business, is insurance companies that are willing to outsource claims work. It starts oftentimes with them taking a look at locations, maybe where they don't have infrastructure, where they'd like us to do some support work. And then ultimately, over time, oftentimes it leads to true partnerships. I won't mention names because I don't think that would be appropriate on a call, but I'll give you one example. There's one large insurer that basically outsources the entire construction book of business they have to Gallagher Bassett. I was able to go to the partnership meeting where we're working together on how do we want to adjust those claims and what differences do we want to see? There were over 150 people in the room. That's people working together from the insurer and from Gallagher Bassett, making sure that the product offering they have in the construction world in the United States is differentiated by virtue of the fact that the claims outcomes, they believe, will be superior. That's exciting stuff.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And let me go back to Doug's comment. This is Pat. When you think about the fact that we will pay out billions and billions of dollars in claims, most of the insurance companies you follow don't pay as many dollars out in claims as we do.
J. Patrick Gallagher: It was outstanding. We had a great quarter. If you think about the second quarter, we had an awful lot of catastrophe property renewals in the second quarter, and those were down substantially. And as we commented in our second quarter results, I think that's appropriate for those accounts because they paid dearly for property cover that has really not had many cat losses. But that, we didn't have a big property renewal quarter in the third quarter. Our MGA and MGU business did extremely well, and our open market broking did extremely well. So organic growth was very strong here in the quarter.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, given one year difference, I wouldn't say that there's much change there, Adam. But here's the thing, Doug mentioned in his comments, you give us a flat market, up 2, down 2, sideways 3, whatever. And our expertise and our capabilities are what we're selling against the relationship that exists. So 90% of the time we're competing with somebody that's smaller than we are. And 90% of the time, I believe we can prove that we have expertise that exceeds that local broker's capabilities. Now, I think we should win 100% of the time and, unfortunately, we don't. When we do win though, when you step back, you're familiar with the fact that we're very niche-focused in what we do in retail P&C in particular. 85% of the business that we write that's new falls in one of those 33 categories that we think we're stronger than anybody. So expertise is truly selling in the marketplace. It's not just size. We don't win accounts because we're big. We win accounts because we're really good at their business, and that means market share is coming our way.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I'll comment on that. This is Pat. I think that those -- that our underwriters have some concerns. They're spending some time again at the CIAB just a couple of weeks ago. When you think about just for, one example, workers compensation for hospitals. It's an issue. The good news is that we're brokers. We don't take that risk.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I couldn't be more excited about it. And to your point, yes. The lion's share of the business that we have across the U.K., we have 70 offices across the U.K. now, is SME business. And it gives us tremendous opportunities. By the way, we're very good at that business and we really like that business, and we know how to make a lot of money at it, whether it's by breaking it down into affinity plays or whether it's just simply handling it in a very efficient manner. We're very good at that business. So what we're going to see, I think is assimilation of the 2, actually 3 firms, Heath, Oval and Giles, which will take us the better part of another year or so to get everybody grounded in the same spot. We'll then be able to look at that SME business and see how a firm that's got that much of it should handle it. And as I said, we're very good at it right now, so we know how to improve the handling and structure of that business. And then, we're going to focus very heavily on growing it. And we're going to grow it about 2 different ways. One is we're going to be out in the street marketing every single day, telling people whether they're large or small, that we ought to be handle their brokerage. And secondly, we're going to buy firms that have good, solid SME business and fold them into our platform. So we're good at that in the United States. We're very good at that in Australia, New Zealand, the U.K. and Canada. And we see great opportunities to grow small and personal lines business globally.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I'll give you an example. So in Australia now, I think we're probably the fourth largest player in Australia. We don't have a 10% market share. We think our market share is something like 5% to 7%. In the U.K., we're probably the third largest player in that market, and we probably don't have a 25% market share. So the ability to do that business better than your smaller competitors who are handling it in a more traditional manner, gives you great opportunities to expand market share and to build efficiencies in the system.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, Josh, let's put this in perspective. I'll be giving a presentation at SNL's, the conference next week in New York. If you go to the Insurance Information Institute, Robert Hartwig's operation, the estimation is that there's something like $4 trillion of premium. That's all life, health, property/casualty, personalized, commercial, globally. We don't touch $50 billion of premium as an organization. We're third or fourth largest in the world and we don't touch, literally, 10%, not 2% market share. So what's our opportunity to expand? It's limitless.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think it will be about the same, frankly. I mean, we're very active. United States has a leg up in the fact that since 1986, we've probably done 400 acquisitions and those people, for the most part, are still with us. And so our acquisition pipeline and our acquisition opportunities in the United States, where we believe there's something on the order of 30,000 brokers, most of them run by baby boomers, is probably a little greater than what we've got in terms of experience, spread and headcount in the U.K. So I would say probably, we've got better opportunities to grow in the U.S. through the acquisition process. But if you look at the flipside of that, is we're not as big in the U.K. So as a percentage basis, we should be able to continue to keep it going. I just look at this whole thing and say, go back to the United States comment. If there are 30,000 agents and brokers in the U.S., and there are people that estimate there's 18,000, some estimate 30,000, I don't know what the right number is. To be number 100 on Business Insurance's list this past summer, you did $22 million in total revenue. So there's something like 17,900 agents and brokers in America that are smaller than $22 million? I think we got lots of room to expand.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Josh, you raised a good point, because I think this is important. We don't talk about it much. Every time we get on these calls, everybody wants to focus on one number, that's organic, organic, organic. We're up 45% this quarter because we did a lot of great acquisitions with people who are staying with us. That's not easy. You can get 10 to 15 proposals to sell a $10 million business. We're fighting everyday, that's real growth, that's real growth. And when Doug says we did 18 tuck-in acquisitions in the quarter, we didn't have one closing that went awry, we didn't have one time a check didn't show up, we didn't have one group of people that didn't get set up on Oracle, we didn't have anybody whose results we weren't able to consolidate in the quarter. The backroom capabilities that we bring to this should not be underestimated. This isn't an easy thing for people to do. I'm incredibly proud of our acquisition engine that we've built here at Gallagher.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Great question, Dan. And the answer to that is yes, there's all kinds of capabilities that are coming from 2 things. One is size and scale. We're recognized now clearly by our larger trading partners as very large global players. And so it's kind of funny, I mentioned the CIAB conference. I've been going for 28 years. 28 years ago, if we asked for meetings with the larger trading partners, we didn't get them. They didn't have the time for us. Today, with over 21 meetings scheduled, we had to turn away probably 20 opportunities to have additional meetings. We just didn't have room on our dance card. Secondly, the information and our capability of using SharePoint and data warehouses are just making us stronger and stronger in terms of knowing our book of business and looking at that book of business in different ways, and doing things that are beneficial to our clients. So for instance, based on the information that we've got, we've been able to create a better umbrella program for middle market clients. And we've basically said to a small handful of companies, if you'll write a stronger form for our clients, we think what we can do is then point you in the direction of the place in our network were those clients are, and you'll have a better opportunity to write them because you give a better coverage product to our clients. Those are things we couldn't have done even 5 years ago. So scale, information, those are all playing to our benefit. And the fact that we are where we are globally is creating a lot of excitement by our insurance company partners.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Okay. I'll just make a very brief closing comment. What can I say about a quarter that has adjusted revenues up 38%, all-in organic growth of 7.1%, adjusted EBITDAC up 43%, adjusted margins up 80 basis points and EPS up 15%. A terrific quarter, our team knocked the ball out of the park. And I just want to thank all of you for being with us this morning. Thank you for your questions. Our team is turned on, we're helping clients, we're bringing in new accounts everyday. And quite frankly, it's fun to be us right now. Thanks, Robert.
Douglas K. Howell: Mike, it's Doug. There are a couple of comments to amplify on what Pat said. And as a direct answer to your question, is those costs that we incur for this rebranding exercise and to do the system conversions and everything, we classify those in the integration cost line, so we break those out for you there. But our adjusted operating margins would exclude the integration costs associated with those deals. I think also, just important, it's not really a broad brush approach. Each acquisition has a different integration exercise. For instance, Bollinger, that we bought a little over a year ago, is just a part -- it's been fully integrated to our Northeast region operations. And so that's pretty well done at this point and that was a series of merging in 12 different branch locations, and merging our New York office and our Philadelphia offices and a couple in New Jersey. So that's done. So that's a different exercise and what you see in Canada, Australia and New Zealand. Well, there really isn't a lot of integration associated with those because we don't have substantial -- didn't have substantial operations in Canada, New Zealand or Australia, so it's really more of them becoming part of us, so that's different. And then in the U.K., when you've got organizations like Oval and Giles coming together, there are a series of branches that are merging together, there are leadership changes that are going on with that. So each one, it's not a broad brush approach to how we integrate, but each one has their own separate plan on how they become part of Gallagher. So -- and that's all being done as we work. And it takes about a year to 15 months to really make all that happen. But like I said, on Bollinger, we did that merger in August of last year, and here in October, we're pretty well done with that.
Douglas K. Howell: Kai, good question. On the Bollinger acquisition, it's pretty tough for us to track that at this point. At this point, they're merged into our operations and so we're not seeing, I don't see a lot of -- a big difference between Bollinger and what our Northeast region offices are performing at this point. When you look at Australia, New Zealand and Canada, the growth rates there are in the low single digits, similar to our operations. In the U.K., as we put the Oval and Giles acquisition a little bit, I would say their growth rates are more flat. There's also an exercise that we go through, and we do call out some clients as a result of the suitability, capability, et cetera, and just -- it's sometimes, they're just too costly to operate. So we spend a year culling through the book of business. If we're not making money on an account, we need to go through a repricing exercise on that. If the service load is too heavy, we may need to just sit down and say that we can't afford to service your business, so maybe you need to find another broker. By and large, we work through those over a year to 18 months on the deal. So there's also a difference in the accounting basis. You do have some -- in some of the acquisitions, they pre-recognize monthly bill. In our situation, we don't, so we have to levelize that out. So there's a whole exercise going through on the organic. But by and large, it's not all that different than what you're seeing across Gallagher globally.
Douglas K. Howell: It's a confluence of events that our teams did some great jobs on a couple of big wins that came through in the quarter. That, it's just a little -- a lot of pattern for us. We don't see that happening quite as much. But our guys, they're good at large accounts and it just kind of get -- came together in this quarter. So 5.8% overall with those in, about 5% without them overall, that's a pretty good quarter.
Douglas K. Howell: One thing, Chuck, to amplify on that. We just don't lose accounts that much anymore. When it really comes right down to it, on our bread-and-butter accounts, our service quality that we measure every day is better than ever before, and so we just don't have service -- we just don't drop the ball on renewals. In this low rate change environment, our customers get to see the capabilities. They're not just constantly looking at rate increase or rate decrease. So they're actually being able to look through and see the differences you get with Gallagher. Our niche expertise, our service quality that's higher than most of our competitors. So they get to see the differentiation that you get with Gallagher and we think that's leading to good organic growth.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, I'm not going to an absolute number, I'd have to check last quarter, last year, or fourth quarter last year, but let me hit it in reverse. The larger deals will contribute 100 to 150 basis points of margin expansion. Our normal organic growth, our normal acquisition activity will have an impact on margin also. So the back part of your question there is that in a -- if we said in a perfect world that we have 0 margin change at 3% organic growth, then you would see 100 to 150 basis points due to the reversal of the seasonality on the larger deals. Greater than 3%, there could be some more margin expansion. Less than 3%, you might -- it might be tough to hold in there where we are. So that's the first. And the first part of the question was on the -- we provide some, on Pages 3 of 11 of our press release, some explanation with respect to changes that impact the comparability of our comp and operating expense ratio. It's just lower levels of -- when we say salary decreases and a reduction incentive compensation, there is no current large-scale change in headcount or anything like that, that's just the natural change as we become more productive. We just don't hire quite as many people as maybe terminate. But there's no big risk in there that's causing that adjustment.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. It really comes down, Mark, to demonstrating claim outcomes that are better. The audience will listen to that, whether it's a commercial customer, a public entity, a carrier. When we're paying $9 billion a year of claims, maybe we're touching on 800,000 claims a year that we're paying. Our outcomes, we can prove, are better. And when we get in front of any customer on that, they see the advantage that it brings to their business.
Douglas K. Howell: Supplementals is pretty close to our -- the impact on margins. Supplementals are pretty close to base commissions and fees, so that impact is more in line with the base fees. The contingents, 75% of that hits the bottom line typically on a contingent. The important takeaway on this is it's getting harder and harder. And while we believe that transparency into those 3 components is important for you as analysts and shareholders alike to understand, the lines are getting a little blurred on that. It used to be that contingents went directly to the house 100%. There are situations where contingents, we do share with the field to a certain extent. Supplementals, some get shared with the field, some don't. So -- but when provided all three there, but like I said in my opening remarks, we think it's important to get it. However, if the carrier believes it's best that they would like to make a payment to us in recognition for our services, we'll take it any way we can get it. But the margin on the contingents is better than the other 2.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. Adam, we usually typically have better insight in that in our January call than we do here in October. We're still getting to the point. But if the carriers are healthy and they recognize the value of our distribution, we think that supplementals and contingents will remain an important component of our story next year, too. But January is a better time to ask us when we get through a lot of the conversations with the carriers over the next coming months.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. The new debt that we put on from the last 2 private placements that we've done compared to last year at this time, but it is the debt funding that we're using to the brokerage deals.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, right. And just so everybody understands what we do with acquisition costs. These are the pre-deal costs where we don't have internal resources to do the deals or it requires onetime nonrecurring expertise. In the past, those were all capitalized as far as the deal price, but under GAAP, you need to expense them. So we track them in separate bucket and we report them here.
Douglas K. Howell: I think that, that number kind of on a recurring basis. The disadvantage on some of these costs, is internationally, you don't get to deduct them for tax purposes, [indiscernible]. You'll see the reason why there's very little tax benefit associated with those items in the financial statements. Our run rate of maybe $3 million a quarter after tax might be a typical run rate by us still doing nice tuck-in deals in the U.K., Canada, Australia and New Zealand, that's where it will come from. But I wouldn't say if we -- if there's a large deal that happened some time in 2015, that would probably spike that number up a little bit.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, I think that because of the large amortization that goes along with our acquisitions, that can influence the pretax margins dramatically, so -- and the brokerage rents are typically -- I hate to say it, we spend very little time on the pretax number because of the amortization. Out of fairness, if you were going to do that, you probably should then put in the after-tax benefits that we're getting from clean energy against that also because those are funding deals, et cetera. So we typically focus on EBITDA. If you really look at it on an EBITDA per share basis this year, there's been -- there was nice 15% growth in the quarter. If you wanted to assign the interest expense to that, we're still well into the double digits of growth. If you took all the interest and you assigned it 100% to the Brokerage segment, we're still above, I think, it's 12% or 13%, maybe 14% growth in that number. So typically, EBITDA per share is the way we look at it, and that pretax is pretty much still a function of how much you allocate to amortizable intangibles, the acquisitions. I think it's a tough metric to track, especially comparatively.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, as you know, using the GAAP cash flow statement that's provided is very difficult to use because of the changes in the premium accounts that -- the premium levels that we hold for our customers, so that's a tough. But generally, our cash flow tracks very close to EBITDA, and that is about 75%, and that gets you pretty close. I'd have to go through it and look at it. But that's kind of a nice metric to look at. But then, that's assuming you're paying tax on those items. Now, obviously, then you would add in the tax. If you want to put clean energy up in that, that changes the number then you basically can just take EBITDA, not too far off.
Douglas K. Howell: Absolutely. I think that next year, we have a capacity to do $500 million to $700 million worth of deals and not use any extra debt or stock.
Douglas K. Howell: The difference is this, is my guess was wrong probably by about 10 to 15 basis points. And on $175 million, I just probably undershot a little bit. The other piece of it is the accounting revenue recognition, when we pulled the historical basis statements, there are some accounts -- or on a historical basis, before we bought them, where they recognize monthly bill in advance, we recognize monthly bill on a monthly basis, so that caused a little bit, about another 10 basis points difference in my guess, but there's nothing substantially different. There's also a mathematical anomaly in the 70 basis points versus 50, but we won't give it on the call here. But it's basically the same number, but I probably undershot a little bit last year. That said, we still grew over the top of it and we even improved 90 basis points. So I probably under-guessed last quarter.
Douglas K. Howell: The other thing too is what's really interesting is that this is where our niche expertise, if you go back to the bird flu a number of years ago, we actually sponsored a lot of forms in our higher-end practice to discuss how the university risk managers came together. We organized that. We discussed what the universities would do in a situation of this. So underlying this in our niche businesses, our niche practice leaders are thinking about this everyday. They're talking to our client. And this is exactly what Pat was saying earlier about when people recognize the capabilities of Gallagher that you get with this. You're not going to have a smaller broker that's convening, that has the risk management departments from 60 different universities around the country having this kind of dialogue about how they protect their students and their faculty. So your question actually is exactly the difference between using our capabilities versus a smaller guy.
Douglas K. Howell: With that volume to it, it also allows us to build a better product, so that will differentiate us at the [indiscernible] also.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, and look how we've done 42 acquisitions year-to-date. We've done -- in the quarter, we did 18 smaller tuck-ins for $60 million of revenue, $3.5 million. Those are terrific shops. They've got great, great sales leadership in those operations. And by joining us, they get our capabilities, get access to our niches, get access to our technology, get access to our industry and functional experts in it. It's a great combination. if you're a guy that's running a $4 million shop in Peoria, Illinois, and you can get all the global resources that Gallagher has, that's a nice merger and that's a win-win for us both.
Douglas K. Howell: 2 answers to that. And I'll give it to you for the 9 months and the 42 deals is that the simple average of the multiple is 5.81%. The weighted average multiple is 6.81%. We're not seeing a substantial number that -- the multiple difference isn't substantially different. The margin on it for the deals that we did is 30.4% on the ones that we did this quarter.
