J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I see I think we’re targeting about 16.5% of margins, so there is some opportunity improve in the Risk Management segment.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I was going to say thesame thing Mike, this is Pat. We believe we have the industry leading margin. And I will tell you it’s not the same as the brokerage business. When you write new claims business, claims show up, and you'd better have somebody there to adjust them.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Sure, I was just there last week and had some very good sessions with the leadership team there. And we have a CFO that was offered another opportunity to work someplace else, that we’re started to lose him. But he is a good guy and he is taking an opportunity in private equity that he thinks will be better for him. So but the team remains very solid. Very pleased with the integration I’m seeing. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks we are now trading as Arthur J. Gallagher everywhere. We are seeing organic growth, we’re selling more than we’re losing that’s good. And I think the troops in the leadership team over the last six months really come together nicely.
J. Patrick Gallagher: We had a great fourth quarter and we killed in the fourth quarter, we had a lot of activity. I’d say the property rate decreases really did affect us in the first and seriously in the second quarter July 1, September those tend to be big months, but as we came into the fourth quarter, so that property is behind us, we just, we killed it, it was fantastic. Submission flows were up, our hit ratios were up. Remember we are the largest MGA in the United States and so those are many times small startup businesses around the country that are coming in. That’s kind of a good sign for the economy, we are seeing small startup businesses that need cover. So I’m very bullish and we are excited about the acquisition pipeline in those businesses as well.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, it depends on what you start, what I would do, as I would take down the prior year 2014 by few pennies and then project half of that. I said a penny in the first quarter, two to three in the second and two in the third. So I’ve dropped down 2014 and project half of that, because that will be a new base line for 2014.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think we’ll probably keep that growth in dividend at a slower rate than EBITDA growth depending on the deal pipeline.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I guess to a point where we kind of at constraint cash with dividend still have the best yield in the business, have share I think nicely with our shareholders our growth where we had a slowdown in the great recession, we did not deduct any of that from dividend payment and I think as we build our capital plan going forward, we see our selves being modest in dividend increase and continuing to be very acquisitive.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, Kai, we’re always looking to hire good people into the organization, but I would not say that that provide us any astronomical opportunity.
J. Patrick Gallagher: If you just take a look at the size of those deals in the 57, I would say that there is competition for every single one of them, but it’s not as fierce as it is when you get bigger.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, there is no phase-out based on oil prices. There is a phase-out based on coal prices, but as oil comes down and price so does coal. So that actually helps us and we are a long ways away from a phase-out in coal prices.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think we are seeing frequency and more employment, so it’s not that our customers are less safe is that they have more employees.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all our clients need a lot of help no matter what the rate environment and which you had in the past historically you get these hard markets where all breaks loose, you can’t get the insurance, it becomes a sellers market, it basically make every single one of your clients unbelievably angry and when the rates starts to settle down your loss business goes up. In a flat rate environment you are not ticking off every single client, because prices are going crazy, you’ve got a reasonable request for increases if in fact their losses have not been good, you can help cope with their loss situation and improve their pricing by reducing loss and you don’t have somebody show up was a one-off broker with a 25% decrease in the cost of the program. Now we are all in the level playing field, base costs were about the same that’s why my comments are now becomes an expertise game. Who do you want to hire? You want to hire the Jones's agency down the street that has a really nice guys and plays golf with you on Saturday’s, but really doesn’t have any expertise or you want Arthur J. Gallagher that has latterly hundreds of capabilities behind us to help that client regardless of what their business is and regardless where they want to play in the world. Give me that opportunity without having a rate declines of any substance I will outsell my loss business and I will not have to factor in rate decreases and we will do extremely, extremely well.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, of course we always think about that and I think this year is that we're kind of targeting a debt to EBITDA ratio of 2.5 X by the end of the year, our free cash flows it does leave us some more borrowing capacity towards the end of the year too, so but I don’t see us issuing a lot of dent this year and I don’t see us using a lot of stock this year, our pipeline is good right now, the multiples are reasonable out there, franchises that are coming up and for us to do 50, 60 deals again in 2015 at a nice revenue multiple like this year was $4 million I think on a size deal. So it looks like that we can buy $200 million to $ 300 million of revenue with cash you know maybe just to smidge more debt by the end of the year and then obviously if the appetite is bigger than that we can use some of our shares, but right now when you can pick-up nice franchises in the six to seven multiple range I think that’s a good opportunity for us. And like Pat said it bring some terrific resources to us, some great niche players that have some great, great niche – it will fit well in our niches, fit well with our products set that we all have some nice programs. There are some really nice opportunities out there right now.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you Ken. Thanks everybody for being with us this morning. I appreciate you being on the call and thanks for your questions. I think that its fair to say that we just finished with a incredible year and I couldn’t be any prouder of the team in what we accomplished, we just accomplished an awful lot in 2014 and I’m looking forward to continuing to our growth journey in 2015, so thanks for all of you being with us today and have a good rest of the day.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, listen, no matter how big we are – that could change the answer, but I think in the size that Gallagher Bassett is right now with the investments that we want to make for improving our customer’s claim outcomes. We think 16.5% is pretty healthy and industry leading at this point.
Douglas K. Howell: Listen, I think that our investor supplement on Pages 4 and 5 of the investor supplement provide a good historical trend on that. We see a comp ratio in the high-50s and we see a operating expense ratio in that 17% to 18% range as probably a good go forward ratio.
Douglas K. Howell: You’ve got to look at that for the entire year remember that that can cause issues on our first quarter because our comp ratio is – because of our seasonality, when I am saying that you know in the high-50s for, that’s for the year 17%, 18% for operating that’s for the year, too, but again our first quarter is so seasonal, you’ll see those numbers higher than that.
Douglas K. Howell: Together just slightly between 0% and 1% organically between them maybe a little softer in Australia and New Zealand and little better than that in Canada. Now with that caveat, there is some difference in accounting. We’ve tried to levelize for that as best as we can, as I give you that answer, but we are nice flat a point or two between those two units.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, I said at the opening part of my comments, so we see $0.07 to $0.09 a quarter in the first quarter and second quarter and $0.05 to $0.06 a quarter in the third and fourth quarters. Most of that has to do with system integration, real estate consolidations and moves. We have incentive compensation for some of the teams that are working on that. There are some employee change costs that are in that number. So there is of course lot of excess travel that goes on with it, lease abandonment charges. So it’s the common thing that you would see similar to what we get with Bollinger. We brought in 12 different units there. We moved some folks around. We rebranded, so there is cost in that. So it’s just a standard integration cost that you would see just like Bollinger. And it takes us Adam, a year to 15 months to integrate a larger deal, maybe I’ll stretch to 18 months on some of them, really each one of them is different. In Canada, Australia, and New Zealand it’s more extracting them from their former parent those cost, when you get into the UK, it’s a little bit more intricate as you put together Oval, Giles, the old Heath Lambert, and the old Arthur J. Gallagher. So it depends on a country, but if you look at past Bollinger’s done and the cost were very similar when it came to that one too.
Douglas K. Howell: No, I think we are pretty well done by the end of 2015. There will be some drips, one of the issues when it comes to real estate abandoned the cost, so you don’t take the charge on an abandon to your last folks are out of the building. And we would never do, but we had 300 personal offices and two people allow technically can’t take the charge until the two people move out of the building. So we would obviously not do that, we get it done faster, but there might be a little bit of that that creeps into 2016, but by and large will be done.
Douglas K. Howell: I’d say above $400 million in 2015. So we can do $400 million with the deals mostly from our free cash flow and we have decent amount of stock, we go to $600 million of deals we are doing that, but by and large we see a cash flows being pretty strong, the nice opportunities are that we are seeing global opportunities for our - to use our cash in acquisition, so we are seeing nice opportunities in Australia, Canada and New Zealand. And also to on that point, one of the things we’ve talked about in the past, if you look at us from a global basis on our cash taxes paid, we’re down to basically about 10% of our EBITDA overall if you just - you can’t use exactly the 10-Q or 10-K numbers, because that have some estimated taxes, but we’ve done a really job between our tax credits and our structure internationally we are paying about, only about 10% in actual cash taxes paid as a percentage of our EBITDA. So cash flows are pretty good.
Douglas K. Howell: Well I took the dividends out when I got to the 200 million, so if you want to start with an EBITDA number 10% goes taxes, about 10% goes CapEx, about 5% goes to cost of reducing our taxes, 25% goes to dividends so to speak, it could get down to about 40% number of our EBITDA number that available for acquisitions.
Douglas K. Howell: A couple of different answers to the question is that when we talk about using stock for acquisitions, we can either use the dribble out to bring the cash in and then push that out in an acquisition or we can use stock directly to the sellers depending on the structure, but so my commentary about maybe using 3 million to 4 million share in 2015 would include – we can choose to use the dribble out to do that or we could choose to do it directly to sellers. So they are inclusive of one another.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes to the last question, I think that in terms of CapEx the general rule of thumb is whatever we depreciate we probably spend in CapEx plus maybe 10% or 15% more of that number that’s kind of the way that we budget our CapEx. So I think that was your two pieces of the question right.
Douglas K. Howell: Oh CapEx in the quarter, hold on a second, I’ll see if I can get that. Maybe $22 million. Yeah $22 million.
Douglas K. Howell: Now typically the pro forma maybe a couple margin points better than lets say our overall brokerage margin segment, but then by the time we – put our employee benefit plans, we don’t really - on the smaller deals there is a not a lot of synergy opportunities Dan on the tuck-ins. The place where we get opportunities on the smaller deals is in our capabilities and resources allows them to go out and sell more insurance.
Douglas K. Howell: Most of that is offshore at this point, and so as our acquisition opportunities internationally there is $200 million there. Also on our balance sheets since we’re talking about as we do have credit carryovers of almost $250 million. So that’s those are warehouse credits that we will be able to use to reduce our tax rate going forward to.
Douglas K. Howell: Right now we are actually producing more credits than we’re using to actually warehousing some of the credits. Some of - that the reason why is through 2015 lot of those credits have a special feature with them that allows us to reduce our AMT down to about 8% or 8.5% so those are special credits that’s okay to have in the warehouse so to speak, but that will help us reduce our cash taxes paid going forward substantially.
Douglas K. Howell: I would hope to better that. I think it’s a little early at this point to say, but we’d hope to see a betterment to what we are doing this year. You really look at it - if you look at how these things work, we get plants up and running, we put them in service and then we move into different locations during the year. This is year there will be a lot of further work by the team and we hope to get more of those plant online towards the end of 2015. So you will see that the hard work that’s going on right now will start paying in 2016.
Douglas K. Howell: There is no de-risking charge in the first quarter of 2015, there were non-cash gains in the clean-energy line in the first quarter of 2014. So we’ll treat that as a adjusted item when we report our 2015 result. You should be able to see that on page 15 of the investor supplement, where we give you an adjust - we take reported, corporate, we adjust for the de-risking and for the non-cash clean-energy step up in basis gains, and then we give you 2015 on a comparative basis. But we don’t see step up in basis gains in 2015 nor do we see a de-risking charge in 2015.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, so that is not just big deal that’s all deals through the end of 2014 does not include any organic nor does that include any 2015 mergers that we haven’t closed by 12/31/2015.
Douglas K. Howell: What we’ll do Bob, is typically when we present current year information in order to make a comparable, we’ll make an adjustment to the prior year. So when we get to 2015 we’ll basically adjust 2014 to remove the currency impact as an adjusted item.
Douglas K. Howell: If you look at the integration efforts that we’ve had I mean are you talking about in the integration line, you are talking about the severance and at least abandonment line.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, actually you are on the $0.12 was in the acquisition integration line, but we didn’t have much in workflows and lease termination a $1.8.
Douglas K. Howell: And of course it’s the $0.12 of acquisition, yes, that’s up a little bit from the guidance I gave in October by a few pennies largely had an opportunity to push forward on a couple contract terminations and we did have a nice move that if we got taking care of that allow us to take a charge in the fourth quarter.
Douglas K. Howell: That was just a terrific opportunity for M&A activity right now Bob, I think that as the baby boomers are getting closer to retirement, there is really nice number of family owned entrepreneurial franchises out there, so we see lots of M&A activity that can be a good use of our cash.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes I think so. I mean for the whole year, maybe $0.02 or $0.03 and then you are going to have the impact of – the real issue is the pound spiked up during the middle of the year and then fell off, the Canadian Aussie dollar just kind of had a trickledown effect throughout the year and then kind of fell off a little bit as the Canadian dollar did in the fourth quarter. So you get a little bit of this spike up and spike down during the year, but I think that’s probably a good way to look at it.
Douglas K. Howell: Correct. Yes, we represent prior year to show the impact of FX that’s comparable without currency movements.
Douglas K. Howell: Well listen if you roll them all up and you put them all together actually it accentuates our seasonality a little bit more, we were always a small first quarter company and a lot of these transactions we’ve done has not I would say changed that much.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, look and I think that when you look at the ones overseas right now, we are seeing nice net unit sales growth in Canada, we are having nice net unit sales growth in New Zealand, Australia is the place where brining our sales culture there will helps us do that but still they are selling some nice business there. And then the UK, we had really nice results out of the oval acquisition, Giles was steady so I am not seeing any particular weakness as I go around the globe on that.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, remember by the time we get to the second quarter every deal really will have been in our second quarter numbers from last year expect for Noraxis, which is the Canadian acquisition because remember we bought Oval on April 1, so that was in our second quarter 2014 numbers, we bought Wesfarmers effective mid-June. But they have a strong June. So we picked up some of their numbers. And really Noraxis we closed on July 1st. So the impact of the roll in of the larger deals were pretty well be in our numbers. And there might be a little bit of an impact in the second quarter, but I don’t have that number in front of me.
Douglas K. Howell: I think it’s very hard for us to show organic growth, organic expansion in the first quarter given our seasonality.
Douglas K. Howell: Listen I think that you know depending on what organic as we’ve said, that it’s anything above 3% we might have a chance at it. Anything below 3% its hard work to remain flat and if you get negative of course that’s hard to hold margins. But we’ll see where organic comes in and a lot better feel for that at the end of the first quarter.
Douglas K. Howell: I can’t speak to whether you are crazy or not, but I could probably do some math here while we are on the phone, let me work on that and see if I can get back to you. I think that we are seeing some – we do make some nice money on our fiduciary funds in Australia and New Zealand where yields are a little bit higher there that could be influencing a little bit, but let me see if I can do the math and get back to it. Now you did see the premium finance note on page 12, so if you take out - maybe that’s what you are looking at. If you take out the investment income on our Premium Finance business maybe that will produce a different math for you.
Douglas K. Howell: Right, so first of all regulatory changes on the appetite for coal in the U.S. there is no new news and that the fact is that most of these plants run till 2021, it takes a long time to take a plant offline should a utility decide to do that but I just don’t see a major disruption by utility because of regulatory changes taking any of our clean energy plants offline. If they were to do that and shutdown a utility, those plants are portable and they can be moved to another utility that hasn’t been – hasn’t shut themselves down on that. So moving the plants around is an option, I don’t see threats by displacement of substantial amounts for natural gas in a lot of our plants that we use and frankly when we sit there and pick plants you know we are talking about 33 machines with an opportunity of thousands of boilers at plants around the country. So most of the places that we put them in that we have a long-term view of the utilities appetite to continue to run the plants through 2021. That said, we will get a plant from time-to-time that decides to shift to natural gas and we will take it down and we will move it, that’s why we would rather own a portfolio of 33 of them than maybe own 40% or 50% of those versus own a 100% of 15, there are some nice diversification aspects of that. So I don’t really see the risk that you highlighted there as being a reason why we wouldn’t get more plants up in running in 2016.
Douglas K. Howell: Most of them would have build out substantial infrastructure and that also just giving the gap to the plant in such volumes there are some plants there that – since it would have to have some pretty big pipes going across a long range in order to get natural gas into these plants. The rail lines are there, the coal has been coming in for decades. So that’s a big move by the utility plants, they would have to do a smaller plant that – its not that running that many tons, they might be able to pumping up gas and then they got to retrofit their burners, its not an easy thing for them to convert to gas and it takes a long time and we have proactive conversations with the utility managers on this. So we have insights into what they are going to be doing with their plant and we don’t see big threats from that right now.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, yes because in the press release, I think it said FX is excluded from adjusted, but it sounds like the adjustment is made to the prior-year numbers, from what you're saying.
Arash Soleimani: Okay, okay. And then the first quarter of 2014 adjustment that you guys made -- this might be, again, a better question for offline -- but if I get to the net adjusted $16.5 million that you have for the first quarter, on a per-share basis, I can't get to that $0.06. Is there something else in there that could be impacting that, or…
Arash Soleimani: So I guess it’s the corporate as adjusted page of the supplement and you start with $4.6 million as your net earnings for corporate in the first quarter and then with the adjustments it goes to negative $16.5 million and then you have negative $0.06 as the EPS for that quarter in corporate adjusted and I guess that’s page 15 of the supplement. So basically just on a per share basis.
