Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all, when we post the organic growth that we posted, overcoming a large lost account which is -- the good thing about large accounts is they're great when you write them. They can make your results lumpy especially when you lose them. So that's not a positive note. So I think going forward, we don't have any of those that I know are under attack right now. So I think a return to a more normal 2.5% to 3.5% organic is in sight. As it relates to margin improvement, where we see that opportunity is again, as Doug mentioned in his comments, Australia and the UK. The little caution I have there is that those markets are a bit softer than what we're seeing domestically.
Patrick Gallagher: Yes. And very nice improvement from 2015, so those teams have really jelled incredibly nicely and developing strong sales cultures. We've always had a very, very strong sales culture in New Zealand. Australia is coming on great and the UK and Canada as well.
Patrick Gallagher: First and foremost, we have got a terrific deal pipeline, let's not forget that. Doing deals at less than 7x year-to-date, it really shows that we can still get some great merger partners at a fair price. Looking next year, I think, our cash is better by far next year compared to this year. Integration will be basically done. So we won't have big drags on that. We spent a lot of money on CapEx this year that I don't see us spending next year. So I see next year as a much better cash year than even this year. So would we need to shares in M&A in 2017? Not at current paces, I don't see that as happening.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all, the platforms are performing exactly as we had hoped. So the pipeline is built nicely in Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the UK for tuck-in acquisitions. By tuck-in acquisitions, I mean acquisitions under $10 million in revenue, people that fit our culture and at multiples that we think are fair. So while there is competition and continuing growth in competition in the M&A space, especially from private equity, we're finding that the culture sells well, the pipeline is deep and the opportunities to expand continue to grow every single quarter.
Patrick Gallagher: No. We've said all along, for the last -- over a decade, that we've got three uses for stock -- or for our cash. The first is, we're going to buy brokers. That's what we're going to do. The second is, we're paying a very nice dividend to our shareholders. Thirdly, if there's extra cash, we use that to buy stock back. That's not a change in philosophy over more than a decade.
Patrick Gallagher: All the way back at my earlier comments, Adam, first of all, we started this thing from scratch about 15 years ago, from dead scratch de novo startup. Today, we're the largest MGA in the United States. We're one of the strongest open market brokerage operations. When we started it, we had hoped that our own domestic PC branches would utilized RPS, but we also started it as a true wholesaler, open to our competitors throughout the United States. They've captured 50% of our go-forward wholesale business out of our retail branch network in the United States. That's because they perform.
Patrick Gallagher: The commission levels on the small accounts are a struggle. I think that we see that with the mandated loss ratios in the smaller area, that they're squeezed. But remember, our benefits business is a consulting business. Yes, we get commissions, but it's negotiated as a fee. So if we're not receiving commissions on an account and we need a fee to do the work, we charge it as a fee. We're very, very successful at getting the remuneration we deserve in that business.
Patrick Gallagher: Also, I'd point out that an awful lot of activity on the M&A side there, Adam. We've got really, really good M&A pipeline in the benefits business. For all the reasons you would imagine. The ACA is extremely complicated. The brokers that have really nice accounts, 500 lives to 1,000 lives, right in our sweet spot, are lining up to join our enterprise for all kinds of reasons, a lot of which is just the ACA is too difficult to deal with.
Patrick Gallagher: Really good, very pleased. Organic -- it's a little softer market up there, so organic around 2%. But we had seven separate brands when we bought Noraxis. Those brands are all Gallagher now. I was up there in May for a better part of a week, had a chance to interact with a whole bunch of the team. I will tell you that the interaction between those brands together and then their relations with their brethren in the United States and the UK is outstanding.
Patrick Gallagher: Primarily, workers compensation in the United States which by the way is a good -- you can't sit and complain about slower claim growth, right? For our customers, that's a good thing. It can be an indicator that the economy is slowing a bit, because typically when you're putting on more shifts there is more claim activity. But this is not unusual -- from time to time, Gallagher Bassett will see loss control works better, clients are working very hard to cut the number of claims, we're helping them do that.
Patrick Gallagher: I've got to tell you, I give a lot of credit to the management teams of our major insurance companies. It's softer, as I said earlier, in New Zealand and Australia, Canada and the UK, especially in our specialty business in London. Those markets are soft. But here in the United States, we're coming up five, six years of what I would call, flat. When rates are down 1%, 2% or up 1%, 2%, in my experience, that's a flat market. In a typical hard market, rates are jumping 15%, 25%, 30%, 40%, 50%. In a typical soft market, they're dropping 12%, 15%, could be 16%, 17%. We're five or six years now, where that band is 1.5% to 2% up, to 1.5% to 2% down. I know that's driven by the lack of investment returns in the investment market, but it's pretty darn good discipline by the underwriting community. We saw that again in the quarter, soft on the property side. I've said this in past quarters, I think our clients deserve that softness. They will pay a price when the wind blows. It hasn't for a number of years. So the property market is soft, but casualty, rate and exposures contributed less than 1% negative to our results this quarter, domestically. That's pretty good.
Patrick Gallagher: That's a great environment for our clients. It's also a great environment for our producers. When rates are dropping 15% to 20%, anybody can throw a quote out there and catch it off guard, with a number that so low that lose your client. Today, it's all around how creative can you be? How helpful can you be to your client in helping them deal with their risk management costs.
Patrick Gallagher: No. I think what's happening in comp which is interesting is that medical costs are escalating a level faster than the indemnity side. So what you've got is kind of a shift. Severity is remaining about the same. Return to work is really, really critical. But it's all about the medical costs including pharma that is something that everybody's concerned about.
Patrick Gallagher: No, we've seen it on the ground. We've seen it -- I'm not going to mention any specific carriers by name at all. But no, we're seeing disruption. The good news is, there's plenty of market. So where there's disruption we're able to move business. But there are major companies that are undergoing underwriting reviews. They're making the moves that they believe -- again, I give them credit. I think we're looking at domestic U.S. pretty darned disciplined senior management.
Patrick Gallagher: Thanks, Donna. Yes, I've got a bit of a wrap up. Thank you again for being with us this morning. We appreciate it. Our teams are focused and energized. We will continue to execute on the four components of our value creation, we will grow organically, we will grow through acquiring the best brokers, we will continue to improve our quality and productivity, and we will invest in our culture. I'm very pleased with the first half results of 2016. I remain excited about the remainder of the year and beyond. So thank you all for being with us. We appreciate it.
Doug Howell: In terms of margin, where do we see that? I think in that range. We've always said, it's tough to expand margins if organic isn't above 3%. If we're above 3%, we might get a little bit of margin expansion. If we're below, I think we'd be able to hold margin in.
Doug Howell: In the mid 2%s, domestically, remember, property is a headwind for our wholesale business in the second quarter.
Doug Howell: I think there was two different things. I think overall, if you just look across the whole group, 3% organic growth is kind of the tipping point of margin expansion. But when you look at what we're doing to get better in the UK retail space and down in Australia in the retail space, there were some opportunities there. It's going to take us another year to 18 months to harvest some of those. But every day, those folks are doing a great job. What I really am pleased about is not only are they expanding their individual margins -- remember, these are businesses that are still the 20% margin range. So we're not talking about businesses that aren't making money. They're making terrific money. They're doing this at the same time that they're training their folks. They're adopting the Gallagher play book, when it comes to our sales culture. So they're working through just getting better in the back and mid office. At the same time, they're spending money in order to get better at selling. So there's margin opportunity there. But remember, these are still business that are in the plus 20% margin range.
Doug Howell: Listen on FX, good point. On the CFO commentary, what we say is we've adjusted -- we see a little bit more headwind on the revenue lines from the decreased pound that sold-off during the Brexit. But we really haven't changed our guidance on the impact of EPS. If you recall, Gallagher like many other global brokers have a lot of dollar-denominated revenues in the UK that is serviced with pound denominated expenses. So there is a little bit of a natural operating hedge there that mitigates some of the impact of the decreasing pound. So it's more of a revenue headline story than it is an EPS story. Fortunately for us too is that we have so many M&A opportunities around the world that we don't need to repatriate our cash into the U.S. to have good uses for it. So even if there is a sell-off on the pound, there's some good opportunities for nice tuck-in mergers in the UK that we'll use our cash for.
Doug Howell: Yes, they're a little higher in Canada, probably the same in the UK. Maybe slightly lower in New Zealand and Australia.
Doug Howell: In this case though, Josh, remember what we're trying to do. If we put out shares for tax-free exchanges so that there's a way for merger partners to exchange their stock for our stock, it creates a tax advantage for them. We'll use shares in acquisition -- shares when we do the acquisition. Then we'll turn around and buy a like amount in the market to keep the number of shares outstanding flat. In the second quarter, we had some opportunities to maybe pre-buy some of that stock when we saw the sell-off after Brexit. So we picked up those shares. We'll probably use those shares as we start closing some tax-free exchanges in the third and the fourth quarter.
Doug Howell: Yes. I think you have to look at the debt ratio on that. As I think that we want to have a nice comfortable, say, debt ratio. So, for us to buy back the stock would mean we've have to lever up on debt. Then use that to buy shares and waiting for the tax credits to monetize into our financial statements from the balance sheet into our debt. That's something -- we can look at that. But it's not something that's on our plan right now.
Doug Howell: I would say, Adam, remember again, we said on the front, property can be a little weak in the second quarter with the property market right now. But wholesale still was nicely in the upper 2%s when it comes to organic growth this quarter. So it's performing well, even in the kind of seasonal property quarter that they have.
Doug Howell: Honestly, it grew the same this quarter. In the front-end of the comments, we said it grew about 3% this quarter which is the same as our domestic retail. We also said in the commentary, it tends to grow a little better in the second half of year which is natural, as customers look at further year-end benefit planning.
Doug Howell: It's interesting, because June was kind of the month that looked like a little bit of out of pattern number of new horizons. Went back and take a look and there are some times, we're just -- once every 22 months or something, you get a slow month. So I wouldn't consider it a trend necessarily, but it is something will keep an eye out in. As July comes in and August comes in, we'll get together again and we do an investor event in September. We'll update you on it. But we've had these patterns before, where just some months, the claims just don't show up.
Doug Howell: Yes, listen, let me just say it this way, I think that first of all, in integration -- for our integration teams out there that are listening, I know you have got a lot of hard work clout, but financially we're -- it's not going to cost us that much between now and the end of the year. So I'd like to say, it's all done. But maybe towards -- maybe on our January call, we'll declare that. When it comes to CapEx, the spending that we've done on the home office build -- recall that we have an opportunity for a lot of tax credits that come through on that, that will improve future cash flow on it. That's about $125 million to $150 million this year, that we won't have next year. Integration, we spent well over $100 million in 2015. We're running somewhere in that $50 million range right now, half, maybe less than that. So you're going to free up $200 million next year just in those two numbers alone. So I don't see a lot of big real estate moves. We moved a big piece of our real estate in the UK this year. We won't have those costs. That's probably in that $150 million of building costs, there was $125 million in the U.S. and $25 million in the UK. So I just don't see a lot of those big cash needs coming in 2017. So that's a nice pot of money to have.
Doug Howell: I think, you need to think about $750 million again next year, because we just wouldn't borrow quite as much money next year at this point. So that $200 million -- if we have an extra $250 million, $200 million, we'll still be in the $750 million ability to buy companies next year -- funds available to buy companies.
Doug Howell: Actually, what's interesting is the account that we didn't pick up the performance bonus income has actually rehired us for the next five years. Actually, we've picked up a large piece of business that flows through that program. So we didn't lose any account on the risk management, rather we just didn't hit a couple metrics that have clip metrics in it. We didn't get the performance bonus. But we'll be back after it in -- in this next fiscal year that ends in 2017.
