Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Doug. As Doug said, I think we are hitting on all cylinders. And with that Christine, we’ll go to questions and answers. 
Patrick Gallagher: Well, first of all as we mentioned, it’s not very much, it’s only – what we have left down is a $196 million on it. So it’s not like it’s that bigger, but of a shelf sitting there. Typically, if we have in the international deal that’s a little bit more difficult to use our stocking acquisitions if we choose to do that.  So we’d probably use the dribble out if it comes up in order to do smaller tuck-in international deals or they aren’t necessarily positioned well to take our stock in the deal. But it’s there, just as a liquidity measure.  
Patrick Gallagher: Internationally, Adam, organic is – last year at this time, we are running at about 10% organic if you go back and listen to it. But it’s basically running about the same as our domestic operations right now. And if we are going to look for any particular soft spot in international, I would say that then a very small affinity programs we had kind of a game buster quarter last year on it, that didn’t produces quite as much as we reach with some products there. But by and large, we are having some nice large account wins there, but if I were going to try to break it apart, that’s where it would be. 
Patrick Gallagher: Oh, yes. That’s why I made it – in my prepared remarks, that’s why I mentioned it. I mean, our biggest quarter for property placements is the second quarter and property is one of our largest lines in the quarter and it was impacted by probably over 10% reductions. 
Patrick Gallagher: To put this in perspective, Adam, we are the largest placer or excess and surplus property risks in the State of Florida. 
Patrick Gallagher: And by the way, this is completely appropriate for our clients. There is no – about this. They deserve a decrease. They paid up big time after the last catastrophe and this is what the market should do.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, I mean, first of all, Adam, at the detailed level of integration process management that we have is, it’s really unbelievable. It’s like being in a construction truck on a job site. We know every single item that is supposed to occur every single month whether it be a lease renewal or whether it be some account that should be transferred from a different London brokerage into our London operation.  And those work streams are laid out way in advance. These organizations remember, they are very similar to what we’ve been building here in the United States. We got terrific leadership that has been doing acquisitions of bolt-on acquisitions over the last decade. So I said in my prepared remarks, these are niche focused, producer-centric organizations that look and feel just like us.  And they fold into our organization nicely. I mean, in terms of how we manage them, they report into our structure through our international business, but it’s headed by my brother Tom Gallagher and by our CEO in the UK, David Ross and we fold them and move on just like we’ve done for the last 30 years. 
Patrick Gallagher: Let me take the ball and a little bit, Sarah, on the different angle. What I look at is selling and holding on to clients. Right, so what I am really pleased about is with Noraxes is an example. We have already got people and resources from the US in areas like mining and natural resources, working together with our new offices in places Nova Scotia, working on clients.  That is exciting. We are already writing new business throughout Australia on areas that in places that we didn’t have an opportunity before, but with our capabilities now, our people are out calling on clients, saying, hey, this is a whole new world and that’s what is the bell weather to me. Are we holding on to clients? Are we selling more new business? And if that’s the case, that generates excitement and in all three cases, the UK, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, very, very good energy. 
Patrick Gallagher: Absolutely, again, in my prepared remarks and in Doug’s remarks, we mentioned the fact that even with rate increases in some instances up 5%, 6% over the last three years. The impact on our results has been less than 1%. So our people do a good job of helping our clients renew coverages at cost that are less than what’s been requested, that’s by change in deductibles, changing structure, et cetera. So, if the market is flattish to down single-digits, we’ll do great. 
Patrick Gallagher: And John, let me comment. These are world-class margins in that business and the – there is heavy investments in IT and in people. When you bring on a client, a large commercial client or a large insurance company, you better have the people at the desk as the claims are coming, trust me. 
Patrick Gallagher: Let me talk about the environment and then I’ll let Doug talk about the pricing. The environment for doing acquisitions just continues to be incredibly strong. And what we see globally is there are literally thousands and thousands of smaller agents and brokers around the world.  Most of these agencies and brokerages are run by baby boomers. It’s clearly their largest asset and at some point in time, they’ve got to monetize our life’s work. And so, the pipeline just regenerates itself literally month-after-month with people that are considering and some of these things take years to get done.  I mean, some will move in a couple months but others will be sort of kicking the tires, looking at whether they want to do it, discussing that with it for literally years. And we just are constantly going through the process of looking for number one, people that know how to run a good business.  We constantly say, if you don’t make money for yourself and your family you won’t make money for us. But if you run a good business, if you are really good at clients and have a culture that fits – another thing people say is, how can you put on 17 acquisitions in a quarter and change their cultures?  We don’t. If the culture doesn’t fit us, 99% of our due diligence, once we get over the fact that they make money is all about whether the culture match is going to be right. And once we get that set, it’s we can literally show how one plus one can equal a lot more than two.  And so, it’s a – I think it’s an interesting business situation right now on a global basis. Our opportunities are literally, I mean, just every single month the list just gets longer and longer people who are talking to. And I’ll let Doug talk about the pricing. 
Patrick Gallagher: I have to tell you, Meyer, when we’ve been able to buy people from a private equity concern, five years ago I would have said, we didn't really want to do that. I was wrong. When they get a board – a brokerage run by brokers, they like it.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, let me answer that, Kai, first of all, yes, it’s time for us to digest and focus on integration. We are doing that every single day. So when I talk in my prepared remarks for work streams, we are on top of what’s going on in every office, 70 offices around the UK, 50 new offices in Australia, New Zealand. A bunch of new offices in Canada. We are looking at that every single day and yes it’s time to digest a bit and we are not looking at any substantial new large deals as we speak.  Having said that, are we open to doing acquisitions? Absolutely, especially, our bolt-on acquisitions around the world, one of the reasons we are excited about what we did in Australia is even with the size that we’ve accomplished in Australia will have less than 5% market share.  Terrific opportunity to do bolt-on acquisitions and we’ll continue to do that in Australia, UK, America and Canada. And those bolt-ons will be, as Doug said, on the smaller side. As it relates to non-English speaking territories, you’ll recall, we took a 21% interest in our Mexican trading partner Grupo CP. We’ve opened a small operation in Chile.  We will continue to invest in Latin America and we look to continue to expand our global footprint. We are a global company. Over 27% of our revenue and 27% of our people are now outside the United States and we see that as a great expansion opportunity. 
Patrick Gallagher: Remember though, if you take a look at the – this month’s business insurance, if you look at the US top-100 to be number 100 in terms of an agency in the United States you got to be $23 million in revenue. So, couple that with the fact that we believe there is something like 20,000 agencies in America. So that is consistent around the globe as well. 
Patrick Gallagher: Another good question, Charles. That’s an area that we focus on intensely and it’s significantly improving quarter-by-quarter. And the opportunity is unbelievable. If you take a look at our property casualty brokerage operation in the US and our benefits operation, about 90% of those businesses are not cross-sold. And where both operations are up on salesforce.com and we are looking at that every single week and the opportunities are huge.  Charles Sebaski – BMO Capital Markets : I appreciate the answers.  
Patrick Gallagher: Mark that's a great question. Let me have that. We take a very strong position on this which is, A. We do have a private insurance exchange that we help to start in partnership with liaison and we offer that as one of the many things that we’ll do for clients.  But we look at exchanges as just more of the same, frankly. I mean, our entire history is, going into client offices and helping them sort through what they should do with their risk and what they should do with their benefits.  And these are new opportunities to move to new combined – new contribution approaches as opposed to defined benefits or defined contribution approach and there are lots of different exchanges. So, really what it does, is it provides again some confusion to our clients.  It's difficult for our clients to sort through all of these options on their own. And so it's just more of the same when it comes to sitting down with clients and helping them sort through what should they do the benefits. And remember, it's not just the health insurance spend that clients are dealing with.  Probably, in most businesses, compensation and benefits is one of their leading largest expenses, right? And benefits as part of that, so what we are helping our clients sort through is, what they do about their workforce.  What’s the strategic approach to keeping their people and making sure that they're giving them the benefits package that’s competitive. That includes health insurance and it may include an exchange and it may not work and that just makes for more work for us. Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : Thank you. 
Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Christine. I just have one very brief thing to say and that is thank you again everyone for joining us this morning. I already said this, but I think it bears repeating. I could not be prouder of what our team continues to deliver, first to our clients and then secondly to our shareholders.  And the thing that’s kind of fun about being in my seat is that while I am pleased with the quarter, I am incredibly confident that this franchise is just getting started. So thank you for being with us this morning. Look forward to talking to you in the quarter. 
Douglas Howell: Simply that, we are committed to do that with Wesfarmers on the deal since we committed to do an all-cash deal with them and frankly we just didn’t want to get caught between the boat and the dock having a large equity raise sitting out there for 60 days waiting to get done.  So we sat down with our advisors and they thought it was a good time to go. It wasn’t a bad time in the market given the financial sector that weak, but I was really happy to get it done and get it behind us. 
Douglas Howell: Yes, that’s the one thing caught it just a little bit flat, but if I were going to back and look at our expectations, just a slide in the property market and how it impacted to be – to pull our overall down 80 to 90 basis points of organic. I guess, that’s looking on the bright side of it casually rates still being up mitigated some of that overall. But that’s the one that, I’d probably wouldn’t have been able to predict that six month. 
Douglas Howell: New Zealand doing terrific, Australia, hanging in there kind of flattish from what I can tell, the measurements are little different because as we pull those companies out of where they were before, and Canada is on fire. We think that there is good results up in Canada. 
Douglas Howell: Adam, deals on the back-office side, as you know that there is strong reporting as we manage that, and so what I’d say that the non-production layer, they are strong reporting response lines between the CFOs and me the IT folks and Eric Dean our Global IT leader.  So when you look at it, there is the production side of leadership and then there are local management leadership. They are responsible for everything. But with reporting in every reports into their kind of functional leader also. So, just illustratively, for the first 60 days, I had a call almost every day with a CFO of Australia, highly confident for those that might have met her on the secondary road show. Just a terrific, terrific CFO there illustratively. 
Douglas Howell: Well, let me hit that. The integration side of it now uses an illustration Bollinger. When we bought Bollinger less than a year ago, they are up completely on our agency management systems. We’ve all of their centralized payables have been moved into our operations already.  All the carrier payables have been moved into our central core. We’ve got a ton of their real estate consolidated. The teams are working together and the last thing that really needs to go up is just the phone system to go up on our Voice-Over-IP system.  It’s pretty well up, but we’ve got some tweaking to do on it. Clearly, none of these things happen without a lot of hard work. I just want to make –maybe with this opportunity to talk, we understand that we’ve got professionals around the globe that are – their sole job is to integrate acquisitions.  They’ve got the integration experience. They are assigned full time to the process. And also, together our company that has done so many acquisitions, almost all of our systems are built. That’s not only systems but also processes are built to plug in new partners and new organizations into our system. So it’s not like we have – I’m going to use this is word closed architecture that isn’t receptive at all for new partners.  So that is – basically you can plug and play the new operation. So that’s going – Bollinger illustratively is going very well. Similar stories with Giles and Oval in the UK. But remember in Canada and Australia too, we are basically using their system. We don’t have overlap to it, really any degree in New Zealand, Australia and Canada. So, we are basically going to be using their systems. So there is not a lot of integration that goes along with it. So… 
Douglas Howell: And then, financially, there is nothing that makes me think that we won’t see our expectations be realized on these financially. So, I think they are delivering to our early measures, there is still lots of synergies and frankly, as we start working more and more with them, we see tremendous opportunities.  If you look in the press release to the operating expense table, actually, there we put a footnote in there, the fact that these larger deals run kind of higher operating expenses than what we do.  That’s a great opportunity for us to go in there. It doesn’t really impact the people are doing the business we’ll just be able to procure goods and services, will be able to use our offshore centers of excellence better, will be able to our volumes purchasing, health. So, I feel that is a great opportunity to realize our synergies. 
Douglas Howell: Remember, some of our clients they are still not buying to our recommended level of exposure cover. I mean, there is lot of on that during the great recession opt to not have covers that they are going to take the risk on. We still see lots of opportunity for our clients to.  If there is a slight rate decrease, we will pick up that plus reduce the deductible of that that will increase the top end, Maybe you think about buying another line or two that you opted out.  So that’s what our guys are doing there. Every day they say, is your insurance program matching to your risk appetite and then decreasing prices that people tend to buy a little bit more insurance which kind of knocks the downside off of that a little bit. So, we see good opportunity for it in this up two, down two, up three, up down three type environment. 
Douglas Howell: Well, we’ve always shyed away from providing any EPS discussion with respect to our Brokerage and Risk Management segments. So, I hate to say a few markets, I’d rather not do that. In terms of how we see seasonality, with respect to the bigger deals, like I said in my comments, we see maybe a 40 basis point drag on margins in the third quarter because of the lower seasonality of the big – four actually the five acquisitions that will be in our numbers in the third quarter this year.  And then in the fourth quarter, we see that to be a point to a point and a half up and then when you get out to next first quarter, they have an impact of greater than 150 basis points margin expansion. So, I’d rather not comment on EPS. But there is seasonality in those larger deals and I think if you run it through your models, I think you’ll get to a pretty close answer. Mark Hughes – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : Okay, thank you. 
Douglas Howell: Well, then I think that business longer-term we like 16 to 17 points of margin in the near term. All right, so we think this is kind of a – we are at kind of full margin on that business. Again to expand margin on that business, you really need at least 5% to 6% organic growth to expand. It’s not quite as leveraged as it is on the brokerage side.  Or we say, you need 3% or more in order to expand margins. So, for us, the back half of the year purely it’s the amount of investments we want to make in modernizing our product offering, enhancing our quality, improving our productivity and then adding product lines to – services to our customers.  So, the reason why we – we are above 16 points of margins and the team held off a little bit in making those investments until we see the organic showing up and it did at 7.6%. So, the rest of the year, we’d like them to give back into continuing to make some product enhancements.  Getting ready to rollout of new analytics worked in here over the next – the version three of that, here in the third quarter. But this is just product enhancement, product improvement, client service enhancement and so. And we see ourselves in that mode into 2014 and 2015. A little too early to talk about 2016, but that’s where we see ourselves. 
Douglas Howell: John you roll on the lower tax jurisdictions of Canada, get the full impact of the UK with Oval and a lower tax rate again with Australia, you could see that move another point lower in the near term. 
Douglas Howell: Dan, I think that, a good question, we did 14 deals in the quarter for $55 million of revenue that’s back up for about $4 million of revenue per shop. Just terrific sales folks have joined us. We are paying about 7X for that in terms of the pricing. So I see that moving higher not on the smaller deals, I think that’s a pretty fair price for what we are paying right now.  Over a longer time, we’ve kind of always been in the 6 to 7 times EBITDA range. So we see that holding in there. Some of the larger platforms, if they are large geographical folks may won’t pay a little bit more on that, but right in line with what our expectation, nice asset deals where we get amortized the purchase price that brings our tax rate down on those.  So I don’t see a much of a different environment. And I look at the deal sheet, there is hundreds and hundreds of those folks on there. So I see lots of opportunity continue to do that. And the teams are working on it every day. 
Douglas Howell: Great question. I think so. I think that in the – most of the environments in which we are operating there, if you take our perhaps Toronto and Sydney and the operating areas I think have enough low-cost environment and I think growth of 3% or more so is a margin expansion opportunity.  That said, please realize that New Zealand runs terrific margins, Canada already runs terrific margins. Australia, there is opportunity there. That’s where we see the opportunity to grow margin there. And then, most of the places that we see margin opportunity is because of having more volume, so more premiums that we’re writing that we can negotiate better compensation arrangement.  And then also on the operating side, I think there is opportunities in real estate consumables, co-sharing of IT systems et cetera. So, that’s really where we see the margin opportunities in the operating expense line more than in the compensation line. 
Douglas Howell: 50 basis points from the – 190 in total, 50 that came from the underlying business, 140 from the four big deals. 
Douglas Howell: Maybe, but I think that what field some of our margin expansion this quarter were the increased contingence in the supplemental that have a little bit better impact to the bottom-line. But the big question is, what’s happening with inflation? So, I am not dodging the question. I just don’t know. Right now, wage inflation seems to be under control.  We start productivity, opportunities that we can use productivity less the paper raises that our folks deserve. We saw our opportunities on real estate and consumables, IT systems are getting – there is more demand for IT systems. So, I can’t guarantee if it’s not above 3% that we are going to have margin expansion. 
Douglas Howell: Yes, I think the dimension at size-wise here, just that that we are saying, we think it’s really important to put our toe in the water in some of these other countries. We did that in the Caribbean initially with a small deal we did it in Perth, Australia with a small deal that leads the other opportunities.  But plunging into non-English speaking countries in a large way right now is not on our strategic plan. Putting our toe in there with a nice $4 million to $5 million agency there that we can learn the country, learn the business, get some smarts on the ground there. I think that’s a nice step over the next couple of years.  In the US, when we talk about smaller deals, remember, there are some nice $75 million to $100 million transactions or brokers out there that we think might be coming to market. We would definitely take a look at those.  We don’t see $500 million deals out there, $1 billion deals out there that are really percolating around. So when we look at this, you have to think of us not doing something greater than the $100 million in purchase price. But there is a lot of really nice $50 million, $60 million shops out there that are looking to join Gallagher. So we’ll continue to look at those. 
Douglas Howell: Yes, I think that the ability to repatriate money from overseas in order to bring it into the US and then not pay the US tax on it. There is opportunity there. We did that with the Canadian deal and we did it with the Australian deal and it brings our multiple down on what we paid by about one turn. So we think there opportunities.  In the US, obviously generating more US taxable income, there is opportunity to use more of our tax credits to do that. We are running up towards $100 million of earnings a year off of that business right now, we think there's still some more opportunities to move that higher.  But, I think after about 2015, 2016, that will kind of be a terminal velocity there. So we see it as an opportunity, but – it’s – we still have done the Australian and Canadian deals without and absolutely. The multiple we paid still was a fair multiple. This was a little bit icing on the cake. We try not to ever do a deal on that, – we’d never do a deal just because we can use more tax credits.  That’s something so you got to get the right deal. But frankly, the ability to grow our US taxable income and use more of our tax credits is an opportunity for us over the next seven years. Remember these programs run out in 2021 and we can produce enough credits maybe to get us to 2023 or 2024. But by and large, it's a nice cash generator to fund these acquisitions for this next six or seven years. But we don't do a deal just because of the credits.
