Doug Howell: Yes, great question, Kai. Yes, our operating expense ratio and then just the absolute amount, the teams done a terrific job as we start to take our sourcing initiatives, our real estate initiatives, leveraging our IT even this quarter, our ability to go on source our office supplies contributed in the quarter. So you’ll see us being able to hold that operating expense ratio into the future as our sourcing efforts. We’re getting great traction in Australia and in the UK, using a lot of the techniques that they’re good at, we’re good at, and together, we’ve done a really good job of controlling those expenses.
Doug Howell: Well, I don’t know. I’ve always said that if it’s tough to expand margins. You don’t have 3% organic growth in the brokerage space. And we’ve done it – if we have long 3%, yes, maybe there’s margin expansion in there.
Doug Howell: Good question. Last year, we had a nice step-up in our supplementals and contingents in the first quarter that contributed to the 4.8% organic. Our base last year, I believe, if my memory’s right, was about 3.5%. Our base this year is 2.9%, so it’s not all that dissimilar on the base commission and fees year-to-year. Supplementals and contingents again, geography between the 2, I wouldn’t worry about that too much. But in total, I think the step-up after last year and holding it this year was good. We still believe that there are opportunities for us, especially as we buy – continue to buy businesses to roll them into our supplemental and contingent programs. I think our relationships with the carriers are really good right now. So I see that line kind of being consistently growing. But it’s always going to be a little bit lumpy.
Doug Howell: Not at this time. We need to look at coal consumption. We still – our plants are running well. I don’t really have a thought about that right now, Kai.
Doug Howell: On the wholesale side, Elyse, first, let’s define wholesale. When you look at our program business, our program business was basically flat. We have some commercial auto in there that the markets are shifting on that. You’ve seen that in some of the carrier’s reports. So as markets come in and out, that’s flat, so they held in there nicely. Our open brokerage, I think, was over 5% for the quarter, and then our binding businesses were somewhere around 3% to 4% something like that. So we have good results across our wholesaling platform other than maybe in the program business. All-in, may be in the mid-2s.
Doug Howell: Not really, no. I think it’s just steady improvement. We are – our international folks are doing a terrific job of bringing the franchises together, working hard about trying to – we understand that their synergies, and there’s economies of scale and they’re doing a good job of getting after it.
Doug Howell: But frankly, also, Elyse, those that we’re actually courting and those that are actually merging with us have decided that they want to be with a strategic. They want our capabilities, they want our resources, they don’t want to be a part of a roll-up. They’re looking to sell insurance with us. They believe that their family and our family together will be better. So yes, there’s price competition out there. And of course, that always keeps it interesting at the negotiation table. But by and large, we’re looking for those partners that want to take a fair price to come sell insurance together with us.
Doug Howell: Yes. Actually, in the CFO commentary, we republished our pro forma where we took 2016 and we ran it assuming a 20% federal tax rate. So we did that pro forma for you. We published at January. It’s still out there. We didn’t update it, but we just pro forma, and history doesn’t change that much. How do I feel about and it tax credit strategy, as I believe that the credits that we have will continue to have value going forward. I believe that – it’s a credit, it’s not a deduction. So $1 under older tax and under new tax is same. And overall even with tax reform we’re going to reduce our taxes even more because if AMT goes away, we’ll actually going to use our credits even more. So I feel good about it. I think we’ve got a good inventory of credits that have a long life on it. We have the ability to produce more credits also going forward. But remember, this law sunsets on credits in 2021. So we’ve got four more years of generation on it, but I think that, that will create an inventory and warehouse that can stretch well into the late 20s.
Doug Howell: Yes, I think and I just give you some actual numbers. If you go back to first quarter 2016, commercial property by illustration, was off according to our data here, 5.1%. And this quarter, we saw it only 1.4%. If you look at marine, marine was down 5% in the fourth quarter of 2015. It was actually up 1.7 this quarter. Package is flat, commercial auto is flat, so professional lines is flat, workers comps shows a little bit of an uptick this one quarter. So you’re kind of seeing that in the charts here where rates are that I’m not giving you quarter-over-quarter negatives, I’m given more flat or slightly up.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I didn’t mention it. Let me answer the first part of your question, Elyse. First of all, over the last few years, as you know, we built a much more balanced portfolio. We’re now one of the bigger players in New Zealand, Australia, Canada and UK. So we get the benefit of that balance. Organic in the United States this past in the property/casualty area was a struggle this quarter, and I think we’re going to see some improvement there. I also think we’ll see some improvement in organic at Gallagher Bassett as the year unfolds. Our benefits business was particularly strong in the quarter, and I see that continuing to strengthen. Australia and New Zealand were strong and Canada was strong. So with that balance and really what I’m seeing in the rate environment is – when I say that we’re down 1 percentage point from rate and exposure, that’s a great market for us. Really, we’ve been almost flat with regard to rates. To some up, some down property, in particular, over the last four years has been down significantly. But by and large, we have not seen the swings in the property/casualty market over the last five to six, seven years that we’ve seen for the last 40 years. And I think that’s a great environment for our people to be out producing, and I think that we’ll have a good new business here. We’ve got a very strong pipeline. I can look at that in sales force. And the bottom line, it just feels like last year. I think we will probably do about the same as we did last year maybe even a little bitter.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think it will outpace base, commissions and fees. So I think that in total, supplementals and commissions will actually contribute to more organic growth relative than how it did this quarter. Also, one of the things about organic growth, other than maybe a year or two. In last 10 years, our first quarter organic growth has historically been the lowest organic growth quarter. Not just seasonality, but in percentage-wise organic growth. So last year, about one in the case and maybe one other year in the last 5 wasn’t. So we feel as we lookout property, we don’t see as much as the headwind this year, as we come into the second quarter. Of course, that can always change. So that’s why we feel that this year, we should end up like last year maybe a little bitter.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, I won’t see any hesitation out there, Elyse. This is a frothy market. I mean, there’s a lot of private equity money that wants to be in the brokerage space. And every single deal that is going to have private equity competitor, it’s going to be a fiercely fought deal.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I can’t really pick out too much on that, Adam. I think probably the West Coast is getting a good lift. We still I think are still seeing some decrease in the whole energy play in the South and the oilfields. Northeast seems okay and Midwest is fine. So I think that bottom line, we’re just feeling that our customers are, the businesses are in pretty good shape. We have a Board Meeting this week and we invited a customer to come in the board to ask to meet some of the actually work with us. And he was a small manufacturer locally, about a $100 million, $150 million manufacturing firm, U.S.-based. They do fire suppression work. Sprinkler systems seems like that and he was very bullish on his opportunity, so I think I see that, when I bump into customers across the whole spectrum.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, I think the markets proceeding normal. Well, let’s put it this way. I don’t think that market seem normal since the ACA was instituted. 
J. Patrick Gallagher: We’ve got 30-plus people in our compliance department, most of them are lawyers. And that is all around having to help our customers comply with all these regulations across the board. And at the same time, they’re trying to balance that with the problem they’ve got at cost increases, with a problem they’ve got with a war for talent. So that is right at the heart of what we do for our clients. And that there’s no stepping back from that. That’s a constant concern, and it provides us with basically constant opportunities. 
J. Patrick Gallagher: And frankly, Adam, the beauty about it is the small guys can’t do it, right? So we’re doing acquisitions in the benefit space. And frankly, I can tell when they come in, when I meet them, if they have met our compliance people or not. Because when they come in, to be perfectly honest, they’re cocky about the ACA. They know they can handle it. They work, went there and sitting along [indiscernible] Once they’ve met our compliance people, they’re scared. So whole different deal, they go all, which must be advising our clients on all that? So it’s a great opportunity for us. It couldn’t be better.
J. Patrick Gallagher: We’ve grown our producer headcount three ways. First of all, really excited. We’re coming into June and we’re going to have 400 kids domestically in our internship program. We’re going introduce 400 new young bright people to this industry and I’m hopeful that we’ll hire a good portion of those. So that’s number one. And by the way, that’s domestic. So if you had the additional about 100 globally that we’ll do. So we’ll end up introducing about 500 young adults to this business. Secondly, we grow producer kind of courses through acquisitions. And you guys can see that every day, every week. And then of course, we’re out looking for new people. And about 2 years ago, we started a program that the call Hire Right. At Hire Right is an effort to go out and find really good salespeople that are not in the insurance business. They can sell copiers, pharma, whatever it might be. Find people that have no call reluctance that really like to get in front of people and sell and teach them insurance. And that is going extremely well for us and is adding to our organic headcount in the producer force. So I feel really good about that.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think first of all, the world of risk is certainly growing every single quarter. Right now, I think the one that is that gives us the most opportunity and the most concern is cyber. And cyber is a very strong offering and something that all of our clients really need. Property, as you know, has been down significantly over the last four years and now is really kind of relatively flat. Transportation is a bit of an issue. That’s really kind – it’s an issue to our clients. Those prices are going up. And then I think I’d look across regular general liability, umbrella, et cetera, et cetera is basically flat.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, I do thank you. I’d like to thank everyone again for being with us this morning. We believe we started off 2017 on an excellent footing, and our focus remains on executing on each component of our value creation strategy. We will grow organically. We’re going growth through acquiring the best mergers. We will improve our quality and productivity and we’re going to invest in what we believe is a strategic advantage, which is our unique culture. Thanks for being with us today. We appreciate it.
