Douglas Howell: Rob, thanks for that. I think let us get through the budget process here, we'll have more for you at our December IR day. But right now, we're not seeing anything significantly different kind of across the portfolio of operations, but it's going to roll up somewhere into that 7% to 9% range as we're looking at it now.
Douglas Howell: All right. So 3 things in there on that. Right now, the way I got to that number, doesn't assume much incremental lift from investment income. It does assume a little bit of a drag from one quarter of Buck rolling into our numbers that naturally runs lower margins. But by and large, maybe those 2 offset each other a little bit. And maybe there's a little extra roll-in impact from M&A from Buck. The rest of the M&A that we're planning on in our outlook for next year comes in pretty close to the same margins that we're at.
Douglas Howell: Yes. Same thing I said to Rob. I said let's give you that -- let's give more flavor by division in December. That will be -- we'll be talking to you again in 6 weeks.
Douglas Howell: I think we'll have -- okay, the way it works is that we'll have to -- it gets triggered off a full year '24 revenues because it's heavily skewed towards 1/1 renewals, I think we'll have a pretty good estimate of where we sit here before December. So I think I'll be able to give you a number on what we think we're going to end up booking for acquisition earn-out. Now we adjust that out, but I think I should have a good number by our December IR day, and then that would be paid out in the first quarter or second quarter of '25.
Douglas Howell: I would say that it would be more so the Eastern transaction and it wasn't necessarily pushed. We had to file an HSR on that. So really, our early estimates of maybe getting it done in September might have been a little optimistic on that. But I wouldn't -- there's nothing else that you don't know about, let me put it that way.
Douglas Howell: Yes. Typically, what we do is for a larger transaction like that, and we have a couple of -- 1 a year or something like that, we typically exclude that. The purpose of that disclosure is really showing you what we're seeing in the tuck-ins. The reality is, is we're still seeing great opportunities, a little north of 10x, maybe sometimes you get 1 at 12, some at 10. But there's a really -- there's a ton of tuck-in opportunities that are still realizing there's terrific value in that 10% to 12% range. And the reason why is they understand that they have careers inside of Gallagher afterwards. Their employees and their producers and themselves have great careers inside of Gallagher. So what a terrific thing? Sell your business at 10 to 12x, come in and work, take on increasing responsibilities, double your agency or your location.  So the reason why we can still be effective buyers at 10 to 12x is the future opportunity of getting better together. We set it for 20 years since I've been here. When 1 plus 1 is equal 3, 4 and 5, that's what they're seeing. So we continue to click those off day in and day out kind of in those multiple ranges.
Douglas Howell: I think with Eastern and Cadence, I mean, it's not a -- there's no -- there's very few human synergies to be gained on this. As a matter of fact, they do a really great job servicing their customers and selling the insurance. But there are efficiencies that can be gained through a common general ledger, a common agency management system only needing 1 cyber protocol that runs over your platform. So there are some synergies there. But those are in the $3 million, $4 million, $5 million type numbers, not in the $25 million, $30 million or $40 million type number.
Douglas Howell: Yes. All right. First, you're right. I think it might be about 34%, but I think [indiscernible] over a point or 2 on that. I think that when it comes to the tax, I think it's important on these margins, we always get a step-up in basis on smaller deals, but on many larger mergers that these sellers are not willing to allow a step up in basis. In this case, the sellers were willing to and we paid a little bit more cash upfront on it. But we're going to get $250 million worth of deductions over the next 15 years. Your present value that back at 5% or 6%, you get something . So it really doesn't impact them all that much because I don't know if they're -- they might be able to shield it with NOL carryforwards or something like that, but it benefits us a lot.  So to be able to achieve that. And it's not all that important in many times for, let's say, a PE firm that buys a bigger one over at trades because they've got the large interest shield coming off of the high levels of debt they run there. But for us to be able to negotiate that benefit and to be able to have a seller that's willing to allow that benefit to pass out, that makes a big difference. So in this case, this is a true win-win for them. They get more cash, we get more cash, and it brings our multiple down considerably on it.  This is not using our clean energy credit. We have $670 million of clean energy credits available. Think about that. We'll use those over the next few years. It's almost like we have another free Cadence coming our way because of those tax credits. So tax does matter. And in this case, we think that a conservative view of that benefit is $150-some million.
Douglas Howell: We haven't. And can you give until December? I know you're trying to figure out your '24 models. You might want to take what we did this year and just take it by line by line and make a site pick on it to see what you think it -- what would happen there. I know it's really difficult to do, Mark, because of FX remeasurement gains. I know we put some acquisition costs through there that can be lumpy. And there's a lot of tax, restructure numbers that run through there as we implement tax planning strategy. I know it's really difficult. But if you could you just give me until December and I can get that to you.
Douglas Howell: [indiscernible] that 7% organic growth next year, I'd say that half comes from net new business wins or taking share. I would say, 1/4 is coming from exposure units and another quarter is coming from rate. If you got 9%, you probably got 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 in there.
Douglas Howell: Yes. One thing, I think we actually understate true organic because we don't consider any new business, net new business wins by those mergers in the first year. That doesn't get counted as organic. Was it $20 million, $30 million more of net new maybe across the business every year? I don't know. It might be worth 20 basis points on our organic growth over the course of the year. So I think it naturally understates it. But I think the point is, like I said on this one just a minute ago. We had a merger partner that just crushed it here at the end of September, and that doesn't go into organic, but it sure impacts our acquisition revenues. Now we try to give you that when we do these projections.  So look at that on Page 6 of our CFO commentary. But the point is the great mergers are the ones that come in, hit the ground running, use our resources and capabilities. And next thing you know over the next 2, 3, 4 years, they're just hitting it out of the park.
Douglas Howell: Yes. Remember, we're seasonally larger primarily because of our benefits and because of our reinsured business, our P&C business is fairly steady throughout the year over the 4 quarters. And maybe it's 23% on one quarter and 27% another, but we're not getting the wild swings like you do in reinsurance and employee benefits.
Douglas Howell: I think when you look at it, if you look at the adjustment -- if you look at it on an adjusted basis, there were some tax and litigation items when we adjusted that out. On an adjusted basis, it's kind of noisy. Comp might be up $3 million or $4 million. I think we're a little further ahead on our corporate bonus accruals than we have been in the past. And when you look at operating expense, it looks down considerably on an adjusted basis, but that's the FX remeasurement gains that you're seeing. So if you're looking at it on a pretax basis on an unadjusted basis, that's what you'll see in there. But there's nothing fundamentally underlying our expense structure in the corporate segment.
Patrick Gallagher: That's a good question, Elyse. I think as Doug said earlier, we're just in the throes now of budgeting, and I'd have to say that the reinsurance team has outperformed our expectations. They came aboard and have just continued to do an unbelievable job. And that 20% does include new business and great retention. So when I look forward, I'm not going to comment on rate. I'm not there yet. I got to get their professional view as we get into the budget. But I think that the business momentum will be good. I think retention will continue to be very, very strong. So would I tell you that I think we're going to see 20% organic next year? I don't know. That would be awfully hard. But I'm really -- this is a good business for us.  The market there, similar to what we're seeing on retail, we are not seeing softening. As we said in our prepared remarks, there's capacity, but you're going to pay for it. And I don't think that's going to change between 1/1 and 7/1 next year. So I think that what you've got is kind of an interesting market. And again, this is -- if nothing happens in the cat world. So I'm not trying to waffle you. I don't have a really good clear answer for you at this point.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, I'll give you some and then Doug can make some comments as well. I do think, and we've said this before, that some of the competition relative to some of the private equity stuff is a little bit less robust. There is still plenty of competition. And if you put a nice piece of property out for bid, you're going to get a lot of bids. So there's good competition for these good properties.  I can't get into the strategy of the banks as to by their deciding now is the time to exit, and we've seen that across a broad base. And I think it's probably because multiples are at very, very solid high levels. And whether thinks that those multiples may, at some point in time, begin to diminish, I'm not sure. But we've had incredible success with our friends at M&T. We're very excited about Eastern and Cadence. And frankly, if there's other banks that are looking in that direction, we're a very good place to look.  In terms of other M&A opportunities, you've got 30,000 agents and brokers across America. A good number of them are still owned and run by baby boomers. They're good businesses. This has been a very robust time for them. The last 5 years have been outstanding for them. A lot of change going on in our market, an awful lot of data and analytics that they can't compete with. Now you have the advent of AI, which is coming on stronger and faster than I think any of us thought. And I think people look at it and say, maybe it's time to check who's out there. Maybe now it's not a bad time for me to look. And when you take a look at our pipeline, we gave you some numbers today. I mean, it's just incredibly robust.
Patrick Gallagher: No, we're not. I mean, the stuff that's in the E&S market has gone there for a reason, and that is growing every single month in terms of 15%, 20%. Our submissions at RPS are up substantially this year. We measure that every day, frankly. And our submissions into RPS, our wholesaling operation, are at an all-time high. Property, in particular, is a big driving line for sure, and there just is a lack of capacity, and it is getting -- it continues to be -- whoever can tell the best story might just get a quote. So no, I'm not seeing -- and we are not seeing terms and conditions soften while things still stay in the excess market. And we're not seeing business flow back to the primaries.
Patrick Gallagher: The real kicker there, Greg, is that look at these bigger deals run by banks, and this is why we say it very much feels like we're buying somebody similar to us. These are firms that were rolled up by the bank, typically good community people. I've heard 3 separate outreaches from Cadence people in the last 2 days that I've known in 1 instance that they came in to kick the tires with us in 1998. And I remember the guy wrote to me and he goes, "Hey, I came with Shorty and I remember Shorty and I came with Jim, I remember Jim and I can't tell you how excited we are." Now what we're bringing to them that Cadence could never do is that whole discussion of moving upstream.  We can show you statistically that our closing rate on bigger deals, and I'm not talking risk management, huge accounts. I'm just saying the bigger deals that are generating over $125,000 to $150,000 of commission are significantly greater today than they were 5 or 10 years ago. This is what we're giving them the opportunity to go after. They're typical agents in these banks that look just like everybody else, and now they're going to go out. And frankly, they're going to have our tools and they're terrifically excited about it. So that's, I think, the whole synergy thing. This is not take out headcount. This is turn them on, show them what we do, give them the tools and watch them eat the market all around them.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, here's the thing. First of all, Greg, we'll look at every single opportunity we can. And our first question every single time is what's the culture. What was it that went into this group. In most of these, there are situations where we didn't succeed in buying something they bought. Let's talk about that around this table, not with them in the room. XYZ didn't sell to us. Why is that? Okay, fine. What's left there? And yes, I would say that there are some of those that we would be interested in. But we'd have to get through this whole cultural piece. When you chose not to join Gallagher, I'll tell you the one main reason why you chose not to join Gallagher is because you didn't want change.  And our competition has done a very good job of saying, "Hey, why join Gallagher when I'll give you the money? I'm going to give you the cash, keep some in. Our returns have been terrific. You'll get a second bite on the apple and you don't need to change anything. You don't need to change your name, you don't need to change your agency system," and while they've been doing that, we've been building power-to-power, data, analytics, capabilities and vertical strength. They've got none of that. And now it's coming to roost with higher interest rates and tougher earnouts, and you got to make do -- you got to come due on your promises. So yes, we'd look at them. But we're going to have to fall in love.
Patrick Gallagher: There will be some follow-on promotions. Sure. There's good opportunities for everybody at Gallagher, yes.
Patrick Gallagher: I'm going to ask you the Gallagher answer. There's not a lot secret at Gallagher, right? Yes, I would say that these moves have been telegraphed over about 20 years.
Patrick Gallagher: It's interesting you should ask because we were talking about that with the board this week. And yes, we're seeing a lot of pressure on medical costs. Full insured renewals at our largest carriers are showing 7% to 9% increases right now as we speak. When you start to take retentions and you start to get in the stop-loss market, we're seeing averages there closer to 17% to 18%. That's on premium now. That's not on the underlying costs. But that's because more of the claims are tagging those carriers. So they're not only trying to move away in terms of the low end of the cost, but also they're having to pay that. So if you take a look at all of it, all in, Mark, I'd say that our numbers that we're seeing are about 8% to 9% and that's embedded both in work comp as well as health insurance across the United States.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, let me split the question with Doug in this regard. Let me talk about market gains in terms of share gain and then he can tear the numbers a bit. But we're seeing and we're measuring this literally every single day, every month. We know now where we're producing business. We know, for instance, that 90% of the time, we compete with somebody smaller than we are. We know exactly what's happening in our verticals. We have 32 verticals that we're very, very clear on management expectation, knowing what's going on, building products and what have you. That's in the property casualty arena. We have another 7 or 8 in benefits. And in those verticals, we know that our growth rate is substantially greater than what is in our just general book of business. So internally, we know that we are taking definite share in those verticals. And I would probably -- I'd throw out a number, Mike, maybe you throw a number out on the table of what...
Patrick Gallagher: 92, that's what I thought. I heard 19, I apologize. So each of those are growing faster than the general book. So value -- again, you've got to look at rate, you've got to look at exposure and all that other stuff. But when you talk about share, there is absolutely no doubt you go back to Doug's comment. An acquisition can be 1 plus 1 equals 5 because when Gallagher shows up with the relationships and the capabilities of the local broker and brings those relationships together with what we have as capabilities and the culture works, we don't have to force sharing on people. The fact that they can pick up the phone and say, "I've got a college University. I've never worked on one before. Can somebody help me."  We will swarm that opportunity. We will write that college University they'll get their fair share, everybody wins, and we're not fighting that as a local entrepreneur who doesn't want to play with the big boys. That's the excitement. So I know that's a long-winded weird way of saying it, but we are definitely taking share. To the numbers, Doug, I'd throw over to you.
Patrick Gallagher: I'll help you think through it and probably the people from Cadence Bank and say, he's maybe talking off the top of the head, blah, blah, blah. But I don't think the bank did much to help them produce insurance, like probably hurt their production, which is why when you look at some of these deals, the Board goes well, where is the growth. Cadence and Eastern good growth, but the fact is -- those people have gone out and scrape for that business around the bank relationship, which was, of course, when they bought those firms, supposed to be the golden nugget in terms of being able to produce business that just isn't true. In fact, I think we're going to unleash an opportunity to really grow the top line.
Patrick Gallagher: Not really. If you take a look at our wholesale business, RPS. We do not mandate inside Gallagher, so it's not 100% Gallagher placements there. We did consolidate down to a smaller number of players and RPS does about 50% of Gallagher's placements. So we're very cognizant of what the world is like out there. But really, RPS trades with 15,000 to 18,000 independent agents. And RPS does not trade particularly at all with our 3 larger competitors. So if they were the ones that choose to come in back into the market, we think it would have virtually no impact on us at all.
Patrick Gallagher: Day 1, and I do mean day 1 and the team will swarm that opportunity. Now do they get used to operating that way? Have they got the customer teed up. It takes -- it's still a learning curve in all fairness, they'll call and we'll jump on the plane and have a shot at that university. But it will probably be a year or 2 before we land it. So I can't sit here and go, day 1, it just ratchets up. But I'll tell you what it does. It gets everybody in that firm excited. It worked. Gallagher helped, you can't believe it. We turned this risk manager on their head. This is really cool. Next time around, what's the strategy? What's the methodology. So the resources are truly available to that team on day 1. Now would I factor into the earn-out. Some of them take great advantage of it and really does help. It makes their earnout. Others, as I said, it's a longer ramp-up speed and it's just a matter of the individual leaders.
Patrick Gallagher: We've showed you in our IR Day, things like our drive, just Gallagher Drive. One, just one item that is so cool to these people. And it's basically the ability to sit with a client and say, people like you buy this. And here's what the lines of insurance are there going to these types of truckers in your area or construction companies or senior living. Here's the layers that they're buying. And by the way, you're holding a $10 million liability limit. Most of your competitors are paying 20 -- or buying $20 million of umbrella. Let me show you the losses we have in our book that appears to $10 million. You probably ought to buy the 20, there's reason for that. It blows the competition away and our merger partners can't wait to get their hands on it. That's 1 thing, and there's a dozen of those.
Patrick Gallagher: Well, thank you again, everyone, for joining us this evening. To our 50,000 colleagues across the globe, thank you for your hard work this quarter and every quarter. Our operational and financial success is a direct reflection of your efforts. And as pleased as I am with our third quarter performance, I'm even more excited about our future, future organic prospects, future M&A opportunities and our ability to become more productive and increase quality. We look forward to speaking with the investment community in person at our IR Day in December. Thank you again, everybody, and have a good evening.
