J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, Mike, the answer to that's all of the above. We have an appetite for benefits brokers, not a greater appetite than property/casualty, but there's more opportunity there. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're seeing that the smaller consultants and broker in the United States is recognizing that they really do need some help with this new act. And if they've got clients, literally, over 150 life cases, they're going to need help from someone like ourselves. And so that pipeline remains very robust. As you know, of the 60 acquisitions we did last year, 30 of them were in the benefit space. Not all of them very sizable; we're very happy to pick up $2 million, $3 million, $4 million agencies as we go along. That remains very robust. We have a very, very strong appetite for good partners in the United States. If you look at our investor slides at our website, you'll see 2 slides that we use frequently, one that shows where we are located in the United States and another that shows population centers over 100,000 where we're not. And we covet those locations across the U.S. And then globally, we're very active. We've been active, as you know, in the U.K. We've got good activity there. We've been active in Australia. We've been active in Latin America and in the Caribbean, and those pipelines remain very, very strong. So all in all, we think we're in a pretty unique position as an acquirer. We're most interested in the people that will join us. It's not geography -- it's not geographically-driven. We like to be able to add to some of the services and niches that we know that we're strong in. And it really comes down to the culture and the people. So it's hard to predict when they're going to hit. They are individual transactions that occur along the way, but we think we're going to have a very good year.
J. Patrick Gallagher: And Eric, this is Pat. This is a different business than the Brokerage business. Claims show up every day. You better have people there to handle them. This is not a business that's going to show great margin expansion. As we grow top line, that means there's big-time claims coming in behind.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, we don't really have much of an appetite for that, Ray. You're not going to see us go back into big-time competition with Guy Carpenter, Aon, Re Willis. We do reinsurance and always have even when we exited the heavy treaty stuff. We've always been supportive of our cap, do with [ph] reinsurance, the pools that we do and the programs that we run in London. So we have reinsurance expertise, but you won't see us reformulating Gallagher Re.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, that's a really strong point, Brian. Thank you for bringing that up. I mean that's one -- this is our core expertise. What builds our company is our ability to take clients that are in the traditional market and help them mitigate rate increases by assuming certain portions of risk themselves, by bringing Gallagher Bassett in with higher retentions and having them pay the claims in various forms of self-funding. As a public entity, that might be a risk-sharing pool. In a state, that may be a group captive -- funded and founded in our Artex operation. It may be just a state worker's compensation program going to self-insurance. But that is always a big driver. Now that also, Brian, mitigates our commission growth to a degree. So you'd be looking at these 5% and 6% rate increases across the board and wondering why Gallagher is benefiting to the tune of only 1 percentage point. Well, our job is to mitigate that for our clients. And one key way that we do that is help them enter what we refer to as the alternative market.
J. Patrick Gallagher: But benefits are really solid. Benefits are solid. And then our domestic wholesaling is solid also. It's -- we're seeing nice growth from those also.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think I can make that distinction. I think in Australia, you have a very strong economy. And that's helping with economic growth and with just the increase in premium income in the environment, plus we are doing a fantastic job in Australia on new business. Our team is very strong in Perth, Sydney, and I'm talking on the PC side now. That's been a very, very strong bright spot for us. I can't say enough about what the acquisitions have done for us in the U.K. in terms of positioning us for great organic growth there, the Heath acquisition in particular. But as you know, we did 4 additional mergers in that space over the past year. We look to have another 1 probably done -- soon in the U.K. as well. And those are all very additive to the effort. The economy in the U.K., when you get outside of London, is not very good. It's probably better than the European continent, which we have virtually no exposure to. But what's happening is the folks we've brought on are just doing an outstanding job of generating new business and new opportunities.
J. Patrick Gallagher: It's both. I think as you saw with the move we made in the fourth quarter with our partners in Latin America, we're excited to now have a platform on Mexico with the Casanueva family that we own 21% of that business, and we'll continue to expand through Latin America. We have a very good appetite for continued acquisition activity in the U.K. and in Australia. As you know, we completed the 80% purchase of CGM in the Caribbean, so we feel pretty good about that. And if there were places in the Caribbean that we could do bolt-ons and roll-ins, we'd do that. So it's both. It's geographically focused. We like Canada. We like the U.K. But it is also opportunistic in that the fact we're trading in over 100 countries with independent brokers in our Gallagher Global Alliance. As those families and partners decide that they'd like to take some equity off the table, we're opportunistically looking at that.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. That number is a direct proxy for the economy. You go back to '08 and we are humming with that number. And clients were doing 3 shifts and things were wonderful. Crash in '09 comes, and claim counts fell off the table. And they're making their way back slowly. But 1.5% to 1% is going to be a bit of a proxy for what you're seeing in the U.S. economy.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Just make a closing couple of remarks here. Thanks again, everyone, for being with us this morning. We appreciate it. Obviously, we're excited about our franchise. We just have had a great quarter. There's no doubt that every single quarter, and every single month, we're adding to the tools that we provide for our clients to help them deal with their areas of risks. Just as importantly, it's abundantly clear to the people at this table, that our commitment to our culture and to selling is as strong as ever. In addition, you might have noticed that on March 6, the Ethisphere Institute announced that Arthur J. Gallagher & Company, for the second year in a row, was recognized as one of the World's Most Ethical Companies. And we're very, very proud of that. We're excited about the start of the year, and we're looking forward to the rest of 2013. We really do believe we're just getting started. So thanks for being with us.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, Gallagher Bassett, yes, last quarter, we mentioned that we did lose one client, and that was why we were a little bit lower on organic. And that's why we said we thought that 2013 would look a little bit more like 2012. And it's turning out to be that way, to be at 7% organically. The new client is the Australian, one of the WorkCover schemes there that we've picked up. That's a sizable client. I've said that we think that will add about $5 million of revenue per quarter, above the -- that whatever you pick for an organic number. So we think that they're very well positioned for growth this year.
Douglas K. Howell: We'll have to take a look at that. We've asked the team to hit at least 16 for the year, and I think they'll be able to do that easily. How much above 16? That all comes down to how much more we want to invest in product enhancements and client-service improvement. These are -- this is a very well-organized process. And if it looks like our margins are moving up, we will make some more investments.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. One of our co-investors, for internal reasons, decided that they no longer had an appetite for tax credits. So they decided -- it had nothing to do with our plants or what we're doing. It's just they don't want tax credits anymore. So that's -- they chose to exit their investment. So I think that when you account -- so we were opportunistic in buying that back. And when you buy that back, there's a step-up in basis with respect to your -- our ownership interest piece. So what you do is you just run some of a fair valuation going forward. You present value that back at a steep discount, and then you look at how that -- how the enterprise looks as a total fair value, and then you step up your old historical basis to that. And that's what created the gain.
Douglas K. Howell: I'm speculating here, but usually when somebody loses their appetite for tax credits, it's 2 reasons: The internal sponsor is no longer with the company, that happens; or they are no longer in a position, tax wise, where they need the tax credit.
Douglas K. Howell: No, we haven't played out -- we actually don't have a right to call. Our other partners actually would love to buy this, these portions of our plants from us.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, there was no breach. They just chose to exit. We just -- listen, they just lost their appetite. That's what it is.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. We did not use shares in acquisitions, but just the natural increase that happens when the stock price moves from in the 30s to the 40s, you get more dilution on outstanding shares. So when you look at the treasury stock method of accounting for outstanding shares and then you have option exercises, you will have some creep in the shares that go up. So that's what you're seeing this quarter. So it's really purely related to options. Then we also have a small employee stock purchase plan that we issue shares to, but that's not the lion's share of it.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, we have such a great carryover from last year from the acquisitions that we did on '13, so I don't think there would be much, much difference in our growth in revenues for this year because just because we closed so many deals in the fourth quarter last year, so this year is pretty good. The impact of next year is easy to quantify. I mean we just pick -- how much do you think we're going to do for the year, and then most of that will hit the second half this year or into next year. So the actual impact of acquisition rollover, I think that it will still put us into double-digit growth easily for the rest of this year.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes. I think that the old rule of thumb was that we needed 3% organic growth in the Brokerage segment showing margin. We did 4.8% this quarter, and we dropped 130 basis points out of that into the margin. I would say that growth above 3%, you could see kind of 1/3 of that going to the margin line. I think if you get down to 1% or 2%, we are seeing some inflationary pressures in certain lines. We talked a lot about it at the last call that we had salary inflation. We've had a little bit of pension inflation. We've had some medical inflation. The control of our headcount has helped control some of that, but there are other inflationary pressures in our expense line. But by and large, we think that we're well positioned this year, that even with the organic growth above 1% or 2%, we should see some margin expansion.
Douglas K. Howell: I think that organically flat to maybe a touch up for the rest of the year. And then we -- when it comes to our acquisitions, we generally get most of that in the first quarter because they're more contingent-based and supplemental, so I would say flat to slightly up from last year.
Douglas K. Howell: It's a little tough to judge in our first quarter. I know it's comparatively the same size, but in our first quarter, you can get some -- one person moving from -- or one client moving from the traditional market into the alternative market can have an impact on our organic just because it's so small.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, I think it's at the, on the very last page of the press release. Let me pull that out for you. I think it's a -- outstanding shares are 127 -- or 126.2. I think I have that right.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, the answer to that is twofold. If they convert, which we hope they do, to pure mercury control at that time, which is the reason why they're doing it in the first place is because of environmental control, but those plants would continue to be used. If they decide that they no longer want to use it at that point, there would be a demolition and disposal, but these are pretty small. You need to realize that, if you recall from any of our presentations, most of these plants are about the size of a semi tractor-trailer, so there's not a ton of machinery to dispose of at that time. So and there's -- so it's not a big cost at all for us.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, the host utility at that point -- if you believe that the MATS standards, mercury control standards come in, in 2016, they will have to replace our system with some other type of mercury control system or continue to use our system. If they continue to use our system, there would be no disposal with respect to these plants. We would work on a royalty at that time, and without the benefit of the tax credits. But that's the objective is to commercialize as many of these locations using the Chem-Mod Solution, so that there is an aftertax credit life that continues to generate royalty income for us.
