J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, Elyse, we were about 4.5% to 5% when we met last. And I think about 5.5% is really terrific. So I'd say I think 2019 looks probably more similar than higher.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, first of all, I think you know this, I'm extremely proud of the fact that we are an aggressive new business company and we did have a good quarter. But I think this quarter an awful lot of it was also just down to (00:19:10). We're doing a better and better job of keeping our clients and that's critical to organic growth. You can't fill a bucket with a hole in it. So proud of the team, retention was up nicely and new businesses were strong.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: I hope so, but as our clients' businesses become more robust and they add new ships and things like that, the more hours worked – and we work hard to mitigate this, the more claims occur. And so, yes, I think a trend from 1% of growth to 2% is good. Do I predict it will go higher than that? I do not. But our clients' businesses are showing strengths.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, Sarah, I think you've heard me say this for the last eight, nine years. I grew up in an era where markets were hard and soft. A hard market was seeing increases of 25% to 50% to 75% and probably not able to fill out the line of insurance. Soft markets were down 15% to 17% to 20% and would go on like that for years and years and years. What we're in right now and have been for almost a decade is what I would refer to as a flat market. So I wouldn't be all that concerned as an analyst as to whether or not we're seeing a break from 2% to 1.5%. If the market's down 2% to up 2%, I look at that as flat. And so I just think – you look at this and the reason we give the color we did around the world is, with maybe the exception of Australia, New Zealand, I would just simply call the market flat. Now, within that, you have certain lines that will exhibit the strengthening they need. For instance, transportation right now is difficult to place and the prices are moving up. On the other hand, workers' compensation is softer and clients deserve a break there. So I think you've got a really rational market. It's been rational for 8 to 9 to 10 years. If that's the new norm, that's as good as it gets for clients because clients don't need hard markets and no one benefits from softening markets that are just having the premium erode out from under them at huge chunks. And so I think it's been a pretty interesting decade and I think you'll see it continue to be flat.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Yeah. This is Pat. I think that it's clear that as you get to what private equity firms might consider a platform acquisition or you get someone that's publicly traded or you get someone that's in the top 100, those multiples are higher. Doug went through the multiple that we're spending, but you also have to realize that the average revenue for what we've done so far this year is $7 million. Those people we can really get to touch and feel their culture. We're looking for folks that want to stay in the business that love the business and love our capabilities and that will come aboard and grow faster than they can grow on their own. And our pipeline has never and, I mean, in my career, never been this full.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Seminal moment, Kai. Probably one of the best things we ever did. It was a big reach for us in terms of moving ourselves into really an international player and it's probably the best thing that we've ever done.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And the proof is in the pudding here, Kai. When we bought Australia in particular, we knew that that business in the form that it was before we bought it was going backwards over 5% a quarter. They're now nicely in positive territory.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, we've got good data on our own book of business and I think probably expenses are up, but we know what the rates are doing by geography, by line around the world.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Well, thank you for mentioning it. It was a great honor and we raised a lot of money for Katie School, which is a very important educational institution for our industry.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Here's the thing, Greg, whenever – and you've followed us for years. Now, whenever there's change in the marketplace, when there's dislocation of any kind, up or down, people combining, what have you, it always creates opportunities and we're an opportunistic company. Now what we don't believe in doing is violating non-competes, advocating against gardening leaves or any of that stuff. You're also not going to see us pick up 250 people, shift and lift them and ignore their contractual obligations. But we provide I think a very unique place to work. I think we've got an unbelievable team and our team, you've seen this because you know the company well, goes from folks like myself that have been around for 45 years down to what we call externs who are now starting to be accretive three years into their career. And so, yes, those acquisitions will clearly give us opportunities and we'll continue to be very opportunistic.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: And I think it's fair to say, Doug is right. 1% up, 1% down, go back to my earlier comments. It's a flat market. That's not driving Gallagher Bassett organic growth.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: We're out selling in the marketplace every day that if you move your work to Gallagher Bassett, we'll deliver better outcomes on your claim costs. And that's what's moving the organic needle there.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: Not really. Our employee benefit consulting division now is so diverse, it goes from communications to where we have some really very large unique companies that I won't mention names, to health and welfare, which is of course our cornerstone and traditional product offering across voluntary and now across geographies internationally. So our retention there is very good. It mirrors what we do across the rest of the organization. And frankly we just have so much to offer our clients now. When you think about property/casualty, there is no pain in property/casualty. We're not going out and solving a lot of pain point problems, but you get the benefits and you get clients trying to hold onto employees in this full employment environment and, at the same time, balance their employee benefit costs, which are huge and painful and going up, that's what's driving that growth.
J. Patrick Gallagher, Jr.: All right, Devin, I've got just one quick remark as a wrap up here. I want to thank everybody for being on the call here this afternoon. I think you could tell from Doug's and my comments, we're extremely pleased with our 2018 performance so far. I believe we have a very strong finish to the year coming up and we look forward to speaking with you again at our IR Day in December. So thank you, everybody, for being with us today.
Douglas K. Howell: Elyse, it's probably split between the three quarters: the first; the second and the fourth if you really look at the way they perform. They'll have higher margins in the fourth quarter than they did in the third clearly and that should be above the margins they would have posted in the first and the quarter.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, listen, trees don't grow to the moon, but it think that when you get into the short term bursts of 5% or so, you can drop some of that to the bottom line. The bigger question is what can you do with the excess proceeds to help you fuel future organic growth. The efforts that we have to put more boots on the ground is to sell insurance, the efforts we have to harness our data and our digital efforts to sell more insurance, the ability to expand our brand that allows us to hire more, to acquire more and to sell more, those are opportunities that you can invest in at this point. There is underlying wage inflation that's happening, but we believe that we can control that. So, as we get extra organic growth, it's really more about the opportunities to invest in the business that should lead to further organic growth. I think that right now clients in a stable mode that we have, they see our capabilities, they see our resources, they understand they get more from Gallagher, and our ability to show them that to compare their pricing to what they could get elsewhere, et cetera, that's a really important thing and ultimately that will lead to better organic growth. Just like the efforts that we invested in improving our middle office layer, I believe that's directly attributable to the increase in retention. We just don't make mistakes for clients anymore. They have a higher quality service because of the efforts that we launched 12 years ago to improve our middle office operations. So, can margins go up? Sure. The more important thing is what you're going to do with the excess that you get from it and that's reinvesting in the business, so it turns into more organic.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, I think there's opportunities for additional investment, but I don't see us spending more than last year, if that's your question. And to clarify in the front end, in the table that we provide on page 6, actually, we've expanded margin 53 basis points excluding the impact of roll-in acquisitions for the year. So our level of investment is controlled. It's not like we're going to plow in and just dump it – chase a lot of efforts and dump a lot of money into it. But I think there is a lot of good things that are going on and I think the level of investment that we have today, it'll notch up a little bit, specifically in data, but we're talking about $5 million to $10 million type of investment there, not $50 million, $60 million, $70 million.
Douglas K. Howell: I think it's almost pari passu with our margins by the time you get a full year in and by the time we get a little bit of our synergies and efficiencies there. So this happens to be in a quarter where they're just seasonally smaller and that will probably keep going in the seasonality. But when you stack them up at the end of the year, they'll be pretty close to our margins.
Douglas K. Howell: Okay. A couple questions. We actually did have about $2 million to $3 million of lesser contingent commissions as a result of the catastrophes. In particular, Hawaii really hurt us on one of our programs. I think we lost $1.5 million on that one. So, what's happening right now to still cause the growth in contingent commissions, I think that the reality is, is as we continue to grow as our acquisition pipeline comes on, there is actually we can improve the business of those acquisitions. And as they roll into our contracts with the carriers, you can pick up some additional contingent commissions that way.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah. I think that the carriers – I mean, some of the things that we do with loss control, our knowledge on risk management, I think the carriers are a little more comfortable with paying us more than what you'd have in maybe a standalone independent.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah, okay. Good question. I think if you go back in our history, there's probably been four times where we've kind of taken an opportunity to tighten our belts. Usually, it's when we get an opportunity – when a lot of our improvements are happening in the middle office layer, we get the opportunity to increase the span of control for the management ranks. That's usually when we have the opportunity to tighten our belts a little bit. You'll see in there that we think that this effort can save us $25 million to $30 million and we'll reinvest that into data, some additional production talent and a lot of our branding that we've been doing. So how much of that will hit the bottom line? Maybe a third of it, something like that.
Douglas K. Howell: It just was the time when some of our technology initiatives and some of our work shifting to our lower cost labor locations came online. Frankly, it had very little to do with the timing of the strength of our organic and sometimes the best thing to do is to get better when you're stronger.
Douglas K. Howell: All right. So there's about four questions in there. First and foremost, if you want to understand how much of our GAAP earnings are contributed by the clean energy efforts, you can go to the page 8 of the earnings release and you can see the table in there on how much our clean energy contributes on a GAAP basis. You are right to say that there is a significant difference between a GAAP basis and a cash basis. Interestingly after 2021, if these all go away at that time, we'll actually have a substantial increase in our cash earnings at that time, although the GAAP earnings will go to zero for that. So you're right on point on that one, Kai, that we will actually increase the cash that flows from these once we stop producing new credits. So how much is going to go away at the end of 2019 when some of our plants cycle off, we're working on ways in order to try to extend some of those locations by redeploying some of our lower volume 2021 plants back into the 2019 site. So I really can't give you that answer now. We do know that 2019 looks as good if not better than 2018. But I need another year to work on it in order to give you what the impact is in 2020 and 2021.
Douglas K. Howell: The number of acquisitions that are on our sheet right now for international location, strong in Australia, strong in Canada, strong in the UK. New Zealand frankly I think that we might have 25% of the market already down in New Zealand, but surprisingly there is a lot of little brokers still that we have the ability to partner up with there too. So, in those geographies, the opportunity to continue to do acquisitions the same way we've been doing it in the U.S. is very high.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah, it could. I think that if you look at it in the first year, our organic right when some of the merger partners comes on, the first few months it takes them a little while to get themselves organized in that, but we do have some nice organic that happens in the first year that we own them, but we never reported in our organic numbers because we keep them out of organic numbers for a full year. Then what happens in years two and three, there is some pretty good momentum from then. Does it move the needle on our total company organic? Not that much just because of the sheer size differential from what's coming on versus the mass that's here already. But those that join us that are excited about our capabilities really do well over the three or four years after we open them. And that's evident by us paying in on earn-outs. They're hitting their earn-outs because they are growing better than we expected.
Douglas K. Howell: The other thing (00:38:24) understand when we quote rate, we're actually quoting rate in exposure so, as payrolls rise, the exposure are offsetting the decreases in the rates too.
Douglas K. Howell: Yes, as is adjusted for excess owners' comp. So, in some cases, you'll have an owner that pays himself $1 or herself $1, and then some will say they'll pay themselves a 100% of whatever the EBITDA profits are of the company, right? And so what we do is adjust that down to what the fair compensation level would be for somebody that's running a branch or a unit of that size and we have so many around the company, it's a $3 million branch, they're going to make x, if it's a $6 million maybe they make 1.5x or whatever, and then we pay a multiple on that. We usually target 5% growth in order for them to get a little bit of an earn-out and then if they can grow 10% or 15%, they can max their earn-out on that. And so it's a proven method. And I'll tell you what we do is we quote on the page here what we pay initially. Every year, we take all the deals and we stack them up against our earn-outs to see what the multiple is at the end of it. And it's actually no greater than what we paid on the front end. So we're not paying – the earn-outs don't elevate the multiple.
Douglas K. Howell: Well, typically, when you have a harder market on workers' comp then people will look more to the self-insurance arena. So, if anything, a softer workers' comp market right now would say that fewer people are looking at self-insurance or high deductible insurance. On the other hand, there is a lot of educated buyers out there right now that see that Gallagher Bassett can deliver a much better claim outcome. So I think they're getting just as many shots even in what I consider kind of a lower or a modestly lower market.
Douglas K. Howell: Yeah, actually, good catch (00:46:35) I mentioned in my opening comments. Actually the tightening from a 24% to a 26% to a 25% to a 26% rate is basically because we're nine months through the year right now. So I think our insights into what our full year rate in our blend of our domestic versus international is going to be, that's the reason why we tightened it. What will we look at next year, probably go back for the full year, in January we'll probably get 24% to 26% again. The important thing to remember on that, however, is that that's the book tax rate, that's not the cash tax rate. We said this in the last call, maybe I shouldn't repeat it again here. Because of our tax credits we really don't see ourselves paying more than 5% cash taxes paid, 5% of our EBITDA in 2018 or 2019. So the cash taxes paid are well below that 24% or 25% number you're looking there on the sheet.
