J. Patrick Gallagher: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us this morning. This morning, I'm joined by Doug Howell, our Chief Financial Officer, as well as the heads of our operating divisions. As we said in our press release few weeks ago, we wanted to announce this morning and have our conference call, because many of us will be at RIMS next week. So, again thank you for being with us early this morning. I am very pleased with our quarter. Brokerage and Risk Management are both off to an excellent start to the year as we carry the momentum we created in 2014 into 2015. As I have said often, we are focused on four strategic efforts. We worked on number one organic growth, secondly, mergers and acquisitions, thirdly, quality, margin improvement and productivity, and fourth, we work hard to maintain a very unique and different culture. Adjusted revenues in our Brokerage segment advanced 36%, 4.5% of that was organic. I am pleased with our continuing new business growth. Sales, is what we are all about. Everyday we get up and service our clients and work very hard to add new clients to our list. The first quarter was a great start to our year. In addition, we expanded margins by 210 basis points, which is just outstanding work by the team. In our Risk Management segment revenues are up 11%, all of which is organic. Our margin expanded, finishing the quarter at 16.8%, a bit ahead of our 16.5% full year target. So, together, our Brokerage and Risk Management operations are up 30% revenues, up 46% in EBITDAC, margins are up 2 full points and we are up 18% in earnings per share. Let me move to mergers and acquisitions. Our large acquisitions in 2014 are integrating extremely well. We are seeing good opportunities to do smaller bolt-on acquisitions in the U.K., Australia, New Zealand, Canada, and of course, United States. We are off to a good start in 2015, having closed 11 acquisitions for about $34 million and added revenue. Our partners see the benefit of our unique culture and the capabilities we are investing in and they want to be part of what we are building. As I do every quarter, I want to welcome and thank our new partners. The merger and acquisition world is really, really competitive, with lots of choices and I am proud that these fine firms chose to join us. A warm welcome to all of you and our pipeline continues to be very strong, so I see 2015 to be a very good acquisition year. Let me give briefly some color to the individual operations. Our U.S. property/casualty retail business continues to operate what I like to call a rational market. Rates all in across -- all lines across all geographies were essentially flat for us in the quarter. This is good news for both our clients and for Gallagher. Give us a stable rate environment and with our aggressive sales culture we will drive organic growth. We are seeing our customer businesses improved with some growth in revenues and payrolls. Both our international retail and our domestic wholesale businesses also had a strong quarter. Our employee benefits team is very busy, helping our customers manage their benefits and HR needs as a result of increased complexity and higher benefits and wages. In United States employers continued to deal with the impact of the ACA. Our consulting team has tools and resources necessary to assist our clients to comply with this legislation. We continue to see solid interest in the Gallagher marketplace, which is our private label insurance exchange, as more employers understand the advantages in offering this to their employees. The team continues to invest in tools and resources our clients need to manage their employee benefits and human resource needs, and this has helped with strong new business sales and continues to drive increased merger opportunities in the U.S. and globally. Our Risk Management business, Gallagher Bassett is off to an outstanding start, with strong topline organic growth, margin expansion and we are still investing in systems and people on our marched to be recognized globally as the TPA who consistently delivers the best claim outcomes. Our Gallagher Bassett International business continues to expand and contributed nicely in the quarter. Our culture is striving. We received two significant awards in the quarter. For the fourth year in a row Gallagher was named as one of the world's most ethical companies by the Ethisphere Institute. In addition, we are recognized as one of America's Best Employer by Forbes Magazine. We work hard to promote and to protect our unique culture and we are very proud of this recognition. So we are off to a great start. We believe we have a solid momentum and hope to deliver a solid 2015. With that, I will turn it over to Doug.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Also like Gallagher Bassett, it’s a bit of a proxy for the U.S. economy. We’re seeing work comp claims on existing clients, up in claim count by about 4.8% and liability claims up about 2% on existing clients. So that basically is because of increased sales and hiring.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yeah. I will talk about the environment a little bit, Kai. It’s very, very competitive on business that’s a little bit larger in scale. So if you take a look at business insurance last July, to be number 100 in terms of the U.S. size you did $24 million in revenue. I was at the conference this past week and the estimate that this consulting firm had in terms of the number of brokers in the United States was 37,000. I have used anything from 18,000 to 30,000 in many of my speeches. So there's a very, very fragmented industry and there are just aren't an awful lot of those that are over $25 million revenue. And we are very good at attracting those people that have entrepreneurial firms, $3 million to $5 million in revenue, make us have a solid margin on those, have no expectation of 9 to 10 times. And frankly as Doug said, it's not just all about the money. Yes, we have to be competitive 6 to 7 times. EBITDA is probably right in the wheelhouse. But really it’s about the capabilities and the culture. Our people are choosing to join us. They have lots of choices and in the end, they are choosing to join Gallagher because of what we are building and we are excited about that. We are very happy to have people with $3 million to $5 million in revenue join the company.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Okay. So, Josh, the Theory of Everything is this. We will do extremely well when people join us and we will take a hit when people leave us. And the size of that will depend on whether or not the folks that are with the company are excited to be here and stay or whether they leave. And to tell you the truth, the nice thing about Gallagher is I think if you take a look at our turnover, if you make a $100,000 at Gallagher you don’t leave. Our turnover is literally no. And we do a very good job of bringing people aboard both by the merger and acquisition efforts, as well as just organic recruiting. And so frankly, I look at where we are today and I know you're referring to our London departures. And we haven’t lost $1 of revenue, not $1. And I think with Chily in the seat, the line of people that are looking to be hired by Gallagher has actually expanded substantially and we feel really good about that. So, I think net-net in the end, we are going to be up nicely in revenue.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. Yes. We are still looking at new hires as a great opportunity, not just in London, globally. And yeah, we are net up and we are thrilled about it.
J. Patrick Gallagher: The benefit to Gallagher is outstanding. I mean, I’ve just got to tell. This guy is the real deal, just intended our Board Meeting this week. Board is incredibly comfortable with Chily. I have known Chily for a long, long time. And to be on the same team is really exciting. He is a solid, solid Senior Executive who has great experience in running public companies. He is a brokers’ broker, which I like because we are a Brokerage run by brokers and we speak the same language. He is a very solid executive with a great reputation and we’ve got a - as I said, we’ve got a very long line of people who want to join us. So it’s kind of exciting.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, we own 25% of it and we have about 35% economic interest and ultimately that’s going to be -- Capsicum will be one of the stories that will vow you guys in the future.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think you heard it right, Bob. Our organic growth was strongest in the quarter outside the United States. I think those economies have been sluggish for sure for the last number of years. I think the dollar -- pound, dollar, euro change will spur some growth in those economies and we will be the beneficiary of that, especially with the moves we made last year on the retail side.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, I think minus 2 -- here is what I have been saying for the last number of quarters. You and I have witnessed real cyclicality go back to 70s, the 80s, early 2000s, that’s real cyclicality. Everybody is worried about the rate of increase decreasing. And I am saying guys if it’s 1% to 2% up or 1% to 3% down in my history, in my experience that’s not a cycle, that’s flat. In our book of business for the quarter, rates and exposures essentially produce no increase nor any decrease. But I don’t quibble with the CIB. I think they are accurate and remember that’s anecdotal as well. But I think that basically we are in a flat rational environment. There is still as no investment return for these guys. I have said this many times. The first time in my career when I meet with CEOs of major insurance companies and they tell me what’s going on in the field and they are right. There is much better information and I think they are just more disciplined. So rational market, which is fantastic.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. I would be glad to talk about that. In fact, we know for a fact, Paul, we are getting better and better at knowing our data and being able to study what’s going on in our book of business. And we know that over 90% of the time when we go in the competition, we are competing with somebody that’s smaller than we are. So when you look at share, I don’t want you to thinking Marsh, Aon, Willis, Brown, and we are battling it out on every account. That’s just not the way it is. The real marketplace is that fragmented place, which is relationship driven and is middle market drive. We do a very good job on Risk Management accounts. We love to pursue large accounts. But by and large, our people day in and day out are competing in the middle market. When they do that, they are competing with the local broker. One of the reasons our acquisition pipeline is so robust and one of the reasons we are closing as many deals as we are, is because people really like to see the capabilities. When I started in 1974, we fought above our weight class every single day. Today we can go out to any account of any size, anywhere on the globe and tell them we could be helpful. Our brand is getting stronger. People are beginning to know more about Gallagher and frankly, we put a lot of boots on the ground and we are an aggressive cold calling company. So we are out there everyday pounding the street trying to get new business. Ad when we don’t write an account, it is frankly because we can’t break the relationship. And I look forward to the future time when those relationships, you could hold onto your best friend from high school for a while, but ultimately my capabilities are going to push you.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes, Mark, I would say that having gone through the Eliot Spitzer era and all the controversy around contingents and supplementals and what you have and going through the rounds of negotiations, it’s very stable right now. I think the carriers here at a point where they have got programs that they believe are driving good results for them and it’s a very stable thing. We are not having a lot of conversations about should it change next year, how much should it change up or down, they are those carriers that solidly believe that they just want to stick with contingents and that’s fine with us. And there is others that understand that supplementals drive the bus as well. So I would agree with Doug. I think you will see. I think supplementals and contingents will follow our organic growth.
J. Patrick Gallagher: No, I think that the underwriting results do deteriorate, then you will see in the contingent line. So if you look at the table on page 2 I think it is, then the contingent line will come under pressure.
J. Patrick Gallagher: You hit right on it. The Gallagher Basset is up 4.8% and workers compensation claims this year from existing clients, that’s a definite proxy for the economy. That’s because there is more employees in place.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Better than its PC relative. The benefits space is, it’s a great space for us right now, Adam. You’ve got the Affordable Care Act and compliance issues, employers now are seeing growth in there business, so payrolls and HR is huge issues and we are not just doing health and welfare anymore. We are helping our clients with everything from what position they are going to take in terms of their HR, whether it would be compensation, whether it would be wellness, whether it would be health and welfare, how do you communicate that, all that works together. And frankly, the small broker in the house space is dead, they just haven’t laid down yet.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, I think first is use the cash that’s created by the indigenous operations there, so it’s better to keep it there reinvestment and that’s actually works great. And remember, if we do bring it back, we are in a fortunate position that even if we brought it back to higher tax jurisdictions, our tax credits will shelter that. So we do have the flexibility of moving currency around the globe and not have a damning effect on our taxes. So that’s worth a thing. Looking at international, yes, I think those are some opportunities there. There are some issues about doing that. There needs to enough of a sizeable offering there to attract attention, but it’s certainly something that on our radar screen to see as we look forward, maybe that’s a spot to do the debt. So you’re thinking about it the right way.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. I think what’s interesting, of course you have to be competing on price. I mean, people say, whether you compete on and prices are big part of it. And if there was a carrier that wanted to break for market share and was willing to be 7 to 10 off I think but not 5 but 7 to 10 off that could cause some consternation in the market and could cause some movement. They would in fact pickup share doing that. And that’s why it’s interesting to me to see this rational behavior in terms of the competitive landscape. I’ve never really live with this before, so it’s been one way or the other, either you’ve got rates coming down substantially and you sharpen everything or rates are going up and you’re scrambling to get the coverage you want. So I think there is a C change here. It’s been probably four years now of relatively rational behavior by underwriters and I think it’s very similar to what we saw with the benefits business in the 70s, going into the 80s. The cycle came out because people began to understand that the inflation behind what was going on with medical care would not allow you just to compete on price. And I think people see that. We do have claim inflation in the marketplace. There is tort inflation. There is not a lot of good rates of return in the buyer market and they got to make their money underwriting and they’re very, very -- they much better equipped at this time in my career with information that I’ve ever seen. So when I talk to CEOs of insurance companies, they know by line, by geography, where they’re making money, where they’re not making money, and they’re holding those offices and those underwriters accountable for underwriting profit. And I think that’s a great place to be.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yes. We have -- in fact, I will be meeting with them next week. We have what we refer to, Doug refer to, our branded network is called the Gallagher Global Alliance and that’s how we’re trading in Europe through affiliates that are independently owned agencies that are vetted by us and contracted by us to help our clients and we mutually share the work on clients that they have in locations where they don’t have operations in the same and we do the same. And right now in Western Europe, we have nothing in the pipeline to move in that direction.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Yeah. I would agree, I think, when you look at this, Greg, the payback that we’ve gotten on technology investments, it’s pretty high to put your finger right on it, but putting salesforce.com in place. Having the technology -- the technical capabilities now to have all of our U.S. operations on the PC side, on one agency system we’ve been in -- basically one agency system in the benefit side for years, giving us tremendous abilities to use a data warehouse. We now know more about our book-of-business every single day than we did years ago and it’s incredibly helpful in terms of being able to compete. When I go see the contracting risk and I can tell them exactly, how many dollars of premium we have in the contracting space, you can tell them, how many accounts, where they are, what size they are and why they should trade with us. And I can translate that to what that means to the insurance carriers that we are placing that business with, it gives our producers a real leg up.
J. Patrick Gallagher: It’s about stable with our -- as a percentage of revenues, I don’t have that committed to memory, but it's about stable. We are not seen it increasing. Our revenue growth -- one of the advantages of getting scale, allows us to continue to reinvest in the technology space with more scale. And so our efforts are to remove the duplicity that comes with putting together a lot of agencies together, take that spend that's they were spending individually aggregate and reinvested in tools, technology tools, that help us sell more and help our clients do better with managing their risk. So that is the advantage of scale. There is no question about that that our offshore centers of excellence in India benefit from the scale, as we bring new smaller tuck-in agencies onto our platform, we get that -- we harvest that spend in reinvestment. So there are advantages of the scale, Greg, there’s no question about that.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Oh! I see huge opportunities. I believe 20% to 25% of our employees ultimately will be in those centers, whether they are in India, whether they are in the Philippines or they are here in the U.S. or wherever we put them. I think the service centers that we are creating will continue to be tremendously additive to two things, both -- first, our margin, but most importantly to our quality. We’ll issue over a million certificates of insurance out of India this year. We know for a fact. We can go in and look at this. We do that that 99% accuracy. Now when I was addressing a group of independent agents and brokers just last week, I asked them how many of them had any clue what their level of quality was on the certificates they put out. There’s not one of them that even knows how to measure it. And that I believe is sellable in the marketplace. When I can go into a client and say look, here is the facts, your certificates are going to out at 99% accuracy, do you care about that, well, yeah, you do care about that. Because that's what you're relating to your vendors and your clients, what your coverage is, it better be accurate. So there's tons of opportunities.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Well, now that's a great question. Charles and I have to be honest with you. I don't know we are going to find that out, aren’t we? I mean, I think that certainly interest rates have played a large part in the rationale approach. But will also -- I think there’s three other factors that have added to this. Number one, I think you’ve got senior management, the senior leaders that clearly have better information and a much stronger understanding of their role is to generate returns year in and year out. And they can get their hands around what's going out on the field like they never could before. The other thing is I do believe that Sarbanes-Oxley is having an impact. I’ll use this as a generalization. In my past years, if an underwriting carrier -- if a carrier was -- could post 93 combined and I won’t ever mentioned any names they’d post 99. And they put the rest away as kind of nuts for the winner. And you can’t do that anymore. Boards are all over reserves. You guys are very good in the analytical world of looking at reserve redundancies or reserve shortfalls. And I think that people have to play it as it actually comes out of the box. So if you got it 89 combine, you are going to have to tell the world you had an 89. So yes I think you are right, if interest rates go up it will create, I believe, some enticement for underwriters to understand that they can do better on the investment side that may soften the market. But at the same time, I just see a higher level of professionalism in the CEO suite and much better information.
J. Patrick Gallagher: I think Doug hit at it. What we are seeing now is really cycles within the cycle right. So we know that large property accounts were soft last year 2014. We expect continued softening in 2015. So our RPS unit as it comes around to July 1st is going to see serious competition for catastrophe property globally. Not seeing that in worker's compensation you are not going to see that on a regular property accounts through Oklahoma. So it’s -- I think Doug’s point is a good one -- line by line geography by geography, they are underwriting, they are really truly underwriting.
J. Patrick Gallagher: We that's a good question. First of all, we’ve always covered at the world. So we've been very opportunistic. We’ve been in Australia for 15 plus years with Gallagher Bassett and with some smaller acquisition on the Brokerage side. The moves that we made last year, I think were seminal moves for the company. I compare that to strategically going public in 1984. And you are going to see us do it tremendous number of bolt-ons. We are going to able to do what we’ve done in the United States now, in Australia, some degree in New Zealand, clearly in the UK and very clearly in Canada. We’ve got those pipelines building and we've actually done some of those deals. So you’re going to see us bolting on in those places where we’ve created a platform. We are active in Latin America, we like emerging markets. We took a 21% stake in our Mexican partners three fours years ago. We’ve invested in smaller firms in Chile and Peru. We have -- Singapore has been active for us now for almost 15 years. We did a small partnership with one of the largest brokers in China. And so I think you’ll see us continue to take toeholds in locations where we’re not, and bolt-on in locations where we have a platform.
J. Patrick Gallagher: Okay. Just one quick comment. Thank you again everyone for being with us this morning. We really appreciate it. As I said at the beginning, I’m incredibly pleased with our start to 2015 and look forward to continuing to execute. I think we’ve got good momentum and hope to have a solid 2015. Thank you for being with us this morning.
Doug Howell: We’re seeing good results out of our London Specialty business. Retail business is there that have been in our books for at least a year performing nicely. So those are the two segments internationally. Our small previous operation down in Australia had a terrific quarter but again it’s so small, it didn’t move the number. But those are the three places we’re seeing strong spot.
Doug Howell: That’s for our organic. But they had some -- Canada actually had almost 6% organic growth but that’s not in our organic growth numbers yet. If you look across the globe, it’s a little difficult in the first year or so until we get the accounting squared away on all the operations consistent last year but consistent this year just the way the billing practices were. But our best guess right now says that if you add up all our other international operations that are not included in our organic, they’re probably flat to where they were prior year as we measure about the same and our organic would've been close to 4% total if we would have thrown them in and started counting them as organic in this quarter. So we’re pleased with the results. There is some softening in Australia and New Zealand. So you are seeing some market pressures there. Canada is holding up nicely and the U.K. is holding up nicely.
Doug Howell: Yeah. Mike, I think we’ve got a very stable situation now. Grahame Chilton has taken over as our CEO for the overall international operations. Retail U.K. is very stable right now. Specialty is very stable. So really what we had in U.K. is we’ve got about 5000 people there and we had five people depart and we’ve got a really solid leadership team that we’re excited about.
Doug Howell: Hi. So a lot of questions in there but first that the -- if you recall, we have stepped up our margin target in the past. We were at 16 point and our margin target is now at 16.5 for this year. So we are moving the margin target up. It is the business that the operating leverage on that. We’ve done in the past. You need about 5% to 7% organic growth in order to show much margin expansion in that business unlike the Brokerage segment that you can start to see some margin expansion at between 3% and 4%, around 3% you start to get it. The operating leverage on it probably the incremental is 25% to 30%, whatever you grow in excess of that 5% to 7% range. It should be able to hit the bottomline.
Doug Howell: Claim outcomes is really what we’re selling in that business. That is when we show our customers that settling claims do it using Gallagher Bassett produce a better claim outcome. Our analytics drive that. It supports it. Domestically, our customers are seeing the value that the Gallagher Bassett brings. And I wish it were more sophisticated than that. It’s just our customer see better claim outcomes.
Doug Howell: Yeah. Kai, I think that you are asking it right. We did for the -- we came in at about $162 million with respect to total rollover revenues in the quarter. How was that different than $175 million that we guided. I probably rounded up $5 million and so rounding down $5 million in FX on that number probably cost us another $5 million. So $162 million on bottom of page two of 11 compares $175 million guidance. One of the things I did note is there seem to be a lot of the folks that were putting the entire $175 million in commissions and fees. But that also includes the premium funding revenue that was down on the investment income line. So I think there was double counting in lot of the models on the premium funding revenue. That might be causing you some noise in your model.
Doug Howell: First, my guidance last quarter was about -- we see about a point of margin expansion from the roll-in of the larger deals and we hit that number, so we achieved that. The rest of the margin expansion did come because we posted 4.5% organic growth, which we’ve said always that you can get some margin expansion above 3% in this environment. We did have some good expense controls in the quarter, headcount controls. As we look forward, again, we are back into this environment now. We will get a little bit more margin expansion next quarter from the roll-in of the larger deals and that’s maybe a quarter to 50 basis points, something like that. The rest of it will come, if our organic is in excess of 3%, we’d hope to some margin expansion on that. So that’s how you should look at it going forward.
Doug Howell: I will give you the numbers. I will let Pat give some of his response on how he sees the consolidation of the industry going. The numbers last year of our 57 smaller deals, the weighted average multiple that we paid was about 6.7 times. When I look at this first quarter, we are just slightly over 7 times. There was one in that mix that may have moved it a little bit. How do I see the rest of the year? I see that there is still competitive pricing in that 6 to 7 times range. And I think that the reason why is that people and they look at joining Gallagher versus perhaps a PE firm or something as they really see our capabilities that can drive them to be more successful also. So when we look at it, we think that our multiples are competitive. We think that people are choosing us because of the capabilities we bring and the expertise. As for the consolidation of the industry, I will let Pat talk about.
Doug Howell: Yeah. What I said was is the roll-in acquisitions in the second quarter might contribute a quarter to a half of point of margin expansion. By that time, most of all will be in our books, so won't have much impact for the rolling going through the rest of the year. Then if we grow over 3%, we might see margin expansion at that level too in this environment of wage inflation. So you're hearing it right that the roll-in of the deals, maybe another quarter to a half in the second quarter. After that not much more because they are already in our books and then organic growth should drive margin expansion if it’s above 3%.
Doug Howell: Well, for the rest of the year, we see that being that you take the two numbers, add them together, last year we see them being up organically this year. So I think that the carriers and Pat can talk about his conversations with the carrier, but the carriers recognized the value we bring in the distribution. And I think they see themselves seeing the supplemental and contingens help align our interest with our customers’ interest and with the carriers interest. And so they tend to like it. We are starting to see -- we are having professional conversations about which pieces help move both of our interest forward as we grow together. So they like it. I think our relationship with the carrier is pretty damn good frankly.
Doug Howell: There is no pricing power out there, Mark. We believe that the carrier still have the ability to price for rational -- there is room, they are starting to have lines that are suffering and there is room to price those lines up to get their profits back into the right spot.
Doug Howell: The world is getting to be a safer place. That’s what Gallagher Basset helps our clients do. But just the growth in the economy also fuels more claims. So as the economy grows, it should offset our customers getting safer.
Doug Howell: That’s assumed in there. The fact as we get better at what we do, we have the opportunity to become more efficient, more productive and still raise our quality, but there is just a natural -- people deserve --w here those stay reserves raises though that we don’t re-hire. Consolidate jobs, but that’s baked in there. Headcount controls or something that’s baked into my assumption that you still got to have headcount controls even you have 4% organic growth too.
Doug Howell: Yeah. I mean, just the math would show that could cause some margin contraction. So just by the way you do the math, we actually have a nice book of dollar denominated revenues, because of our specialty business in London, so that kind of helps a little bit with the pounds. So it’s not so big. We don’t have that kind of dollar denominated revenues in Canada, Australia and New Zealand there. So it does have a little impact on margin but it -- but not that much just by the pure math.
Doug Howell: Well, we’re getting good technology improvement lift. As you know we’re still investing in Gallagher Bassett, our analytics workbench there is probably the best in the business right now, but beyond a doubt its bringing great value to our customers and so we’re getting value from math. Some of the technology investments we are making, they are table stakes. So we’re doing that and then when you look over in the Brokerage segment, our ability to capture all the premium that we place around that globe, so we can sit down and have valuable productive conversations with our carriers is delivering value too. So in terms of measuring our technology investments, some of it just stay competitive in the business and some would generate revenue and we think that what we’re doing both in the Gallagher Bassett, analytic workbench and then in the -- on the Brokerage side, of our smart market, our advantage products, which are data products, we think we’re doing a good job on that. And it’s leading to some nice revenue opportunities for us.
Doug Howell: Yeah, I think Charles, you also have the dynamic of frequency reverts more to the historical norm. Some of the pricing advantages that carriers have been having or result of advantage has been from lower frequency on the actuarial picks than expected. So even if you got any tick up in interest rates a little bit than frequency reverts more to where it was during the more active period in our economy, those could have a mid offsetting effect to one another. So you can’t look just at interest rates. The great thing about is with the data that the carriers have with the sophistication they will be able to adjust that as it comes along. And so when frequency goes up they’ll bake that into pricing. When interest rates go up, they’ll bake that into the pricing. When severity changes, they can bake it. And I just don’t see them subsidizing. They are not going to have a lot of lines that they would consider to be loss leaders. I just don’t see that working well. They are either going to make money in that line or they are not going to write it. So that is a different environment to you.
Doug Howell: Right. So just for semantic purpose, let’s not refer to our M&A as new business because that might confuse somebody as that’s new organic business. So just for our M&A rollover, you heard me right that there was a probably a quarter to 50 basis points in the second quarter. I don’t know if there is much more in the third and fourth quarter from the roll-in of those slightly higher margin businesses that we bought. So that’s the large deal roll-in affect of that. Going forward, there are opportunities for synergies that can result from those -- as we fully integrate those operations. So that could produce some margin -- further margin expansion as you get to 2016. But let’s get integration done first and then I will -- to make that that we are delivering a unified brand, a unified IT system, a unified telephone system, marketing together and then we’ll go to that next step to see whether that synergy will naturally falloff for that.
Doug Howell: I’ve never said that it’s going to be up materially this year. I said that this year is a platform year for a step-up in ‘16.
Doug Howell: And perhaps, this is a flat year but I do believe there is upside in next year. We are having tremendous appetite for our remaining plans. Remember, our desire is to own a portfolio of plans, so you are going to have always have some that start-ups, some that shutdown for production reason, for appetite for clean call. We see that the appetite for further planned installation has been very strong at this time. So this is a platform year relative to 2014, but in ‘16 we see another step-up in that.
Doug Howell: Yes. We provided the guidance back on page 15, I think of the supplement. We feel comfortable with the ranges that we provided on that supplement there. So if you use that you will get pretty close to your interest and banking cost, as well as the other Corporate line.
Doug Howell: Typically, what we have is about a 1.5 million shares between basic and fully diluted related to our option, in our restricted stocks, et, cetera that go out, would be the employee compensation that is on slide. I see that somewhere in the 6 million to 7 million ranges, just constantly at that level.
Doug Howell: The thing is our basic plus -- if you just take basic and add about a 6 million to each you get to the fully diluted.
Doug Howell: Kai, we’ve got a couple of tax-free exchanges that are lined up during that quarter. Remember, we use stock in a tax-free exchange and frankly, there is a lot of our partners right now that want the stock. We have future partner that want the stocks, which we like. So that’s the real reason there.
