R. Neil Williams: Thanks, Brad, and good afternoon, everyone. For the second quarter of fiscal 2017, we delivered revenue of $1,016 million, up 10% year over year; GAAP operating income of $22 million versus $42 million a year ago; Non-GAAP operating income of $106 million versus $114 million a year ago; GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.05 versus $0.09 last year; and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.26, up from $0.25 last year. These results reflect a revenue shift we announced on February 8. Turning to the business segments; Consumer Tax revenue was $285 million for Q2. Brad already walked you through our analysis of the season so far. TurboTax processed e-files were down 10% through February 18, performing slightly better than the do-it-yourself category. We remain confident in our overall plans for the year and for Consumer Tax revenue to grow 6% to 8% in fiscal 2017. ProConnect revenue was $99 million for Q2. We continue to expect revenue to be roughly flat in fiscal 2017. While the growth rate was stronger than our long-term expectation this quarter, it was driven largely by the timing of forms availability, which we expect to normalize by fiscal year-end. Moving over to Small Business; total Small Business revenue grew 12% for the quarter. As Brad mentioned, QuickBooks Online subscriber growth remained strong and we exceeded our guidance for the quarter, reaching 1,871,000 subscribers, up 49% year over year. Small Business online ecosystem revenue grew 30% for the quarter, accelerating from 26% in Q1. That online ecosystem revenue growth is at the high end of our 25% to 30% expectation that we've talked about and is evident of our ability to improve the monetization of our online subscribers. Our online payroll and payments businesses remained healthy. Online payroll subscribers grew 19% in Q2. Online active payments customers grew 13% and online payments charge volume grew 17%. Now, you'll note that our attach rates for both payroll and payments dipped in Q2, coinciding with continued acceleration of global and self-employed QBO subscribers. As we've discussed before, these subscribers don't have the same attach characteristics as our traditional QBO subscriber base. That's why attach rates aren't as useful as they've been in the past to predict revenue for this business. Our desktop ecosystem revenue grew 6%, while units declined 5% year over year. For fiscal 2017, we continue to expect units to decline modestly and desktop ecosystem revenue to be up slightly to flat. Turning to financial principles, we continue to take a disciplined approach to capital management, investing the cash we generate in opportunities that yield a return on investment greater than 15%. We ended the quarter with approximately $637 million in cash and investments on our balance sheet. Our first priority is investing for customer growth. We also intend to use our strong Q3 cash flow to repay $500 million in senior notes when they come due in March. We return cash to shareholders via both share repurchases and dividends. We repurchased $198 million worth of shares in the second quarter and $2 billion remains on our authorization. The board approved a cash dividend of $0.34 per share, payable on April 18, 2017. You can find our fiscal 2017 Q3 guidance details in our press release and on our fact sheet. Note that this guidance takes into account the tax unit performance since January 31, as described in our unit release today. We reiterated our full-year revenue, operating income and EPS guidance. As a reminder, we expect to provide a final tax unit update in April after the tax season ends. And with that, I'll turn it back to Brad to close.
R. Neil Williams: Hi, Keith. This is Neil. There's no question that in the newer markets as growth ramps up the profitability is less in QBO than it is in the U.S. when we have a more mature, stable, traditional base, but what you're seeing is the growth rate accelerate in our online ecosystem certainly from Q1 to Q2 and over last year. And as we've talked about in the past, more of the revenue in the online ecosystem is coming from the accounting product itself, from QBO. And as these customers come off the trial period, as they get past their anniversary cycle, you're seeing some of the increased revenue kick in and that's what's really driving some of the growth in the revenue and in the profitability.
R. Neil Williams: Keith, the way I would think about that is more a function of the rapid growth and the acceleration of growth there where clearly there have been some investments to drive that growth both in marketing and in product. And at the earlier days, as you know from the subscriber live period, they're not paying the full rate in many cases. So I think it's more a function of the growth curve and where we are on it.
R. Neil Williams: Scott, we've definitely made some audibles, as you call it, to be sure that the messaging is out in the market at the time when customers are shopping and deciding to file their taxes. So we've made some choices to extend our advertising and marketing a little longer in the season than we might have expected at the very beginning. But we've done some internal reallocation of our resources and we think it's still going to fit inside the same resource envelope we had when we started the year for the full company.
R. Neil Williams: I would say, Chris, we might consider doing that in Investor Day. We'll think about it toward the end of the year and see if that makes sense. We always reconsider updating those statistics at the end of the year to help you in your modeling, so we'll take a look at that.
Brad D. Smith: Keith, this is Brad. I just want to add a couple of points for you. As we've talked about these emerging markets, one of the key indicators is lifetime value to cost to acquire a customer, LTV to CAC. As you know the FASB standard is anything north of 3 to continue to invest. Right now in the United States, our QBO LTV to CAC is 5.5. If you add in desktop it's 6.9, and if you actually do a worldwide blended number, it's 4.5. So we feel good that we have a proxy and know that we're driving towards good profitable growth. And the second thing is Neil and I worked with the businesses and we have a guideline for the Small Business Group that's keeping that business unit contribution while we're in this investment phase around 40%. It may go up or down a point or two based upon choices we make, but that's a very good healthy margin for a business that's in good growth but also continuing to deliver the kind of rigor we want on the bottom line. So I just wanted to add that to the two pieces that Neil just put out there as well.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, so, Scott, right now what the headline is units are down 5%. Our e-files, if you translate that into e-files, are down 10%. And then the IRS on an apples-to-apples is down roughly 11% for the self-prepared category, which basically says what Dan's quote is, we feel good about how we're performing thus far season to date.
Brad D. Smith: No, thanks for the question, Scott. Actually we have reconciled against the IRS, and the answer is it does not change materially the outcome that we just described, which is we're performing slightly better than the DIY category and certainly better than the overall IRS returns and much better than assisted. So no real material difference there in that 1-day difference.
Brad D. Smith: Thanks for the question, Jesse. The answer is we're seeing strength across the board. What's really driving is the U.S. is up about 36%, outside the U.S., you just mentioned the acceleration from 50% last quarter to 61%. And then you add on top of that QuickBooks Self-Employed, which in the quarter added about 70,000 active users and that's more than all of last year's 60,000. But the real driver behind it is product market fit. As you know, we have a test of readiness, which is in every market, are we able to deliver the benefit the customer says is most important and is our ability to deliver that benefit better than the best alternatives in the market? And once we see that light go green, then we lean in to the accountant channel and we'll start to make more increased investments in advertising. So the product is really driving the acceleration of velocity and then we put topspin on it by putting more marketing into those markets because we feel good about the product market fit. And that is currently in Canada, the UK, and Australia. And we've mentioned to you, we haven't taken our eye off of the ball in India, France, and Brazil. And we see a springtime window for those to go green and then we'll start to lean in there as well. So overall, it is accelerating velocity.
Brad D. Smith: You're welcome. So retention continues to look healthy for us even with this influx of new users, we're still looking at that first year cohort of around 70%. As they anniversary off that first year, it's pushed out of that high 70s and now it's tickling the 80% range. So it continues to get healthier. ARPU for us is no different than what Neil shared at Investor Day. We continue to see the cohorts of QBO or non-U.S. QBO or Self-Employed continue to remain healthy. When you put them in the mix, it looks like ARPU is coming down a little bit. That's why we say this is more about staying focused on the ecosystem revenue growth, which went from 26% up to 30% and we think that's the best indicator of the long-term health of this business.
Brad D. Smith: I think, Ross, the first is, this is a competitive season but it was not unanticipated. I mean, many of us were talking in the off-season and we knew that everyone was going to be coming after the market aggressive. But as I shared in my opening comments, free offerings are not new to the category and certainly not new to us. It comes down to who has the best end-to-end experience and product experience and we feel good about our position right now. The other thing that we talked about going into the season, and Dan Wernikoff did a wonderful job at Investor Day, is we're looking to add more value to our product lineup to attract higher value customers into the category and ultimately into TurboTax's franchise. So SmartLook right now is focused on those customers who've historically paid hundreds of dollars to go to an assisted method and we're bringing them into our category. The other thing is TurboTax Self-Employed right now is at an $89 price point. And by hooking that up with QuickBooks Self-Employed, we're getting more of those kinds of customers as well. So I think you're going to see price realization continue to be a little healthier, if we continue to bring these higher value customers into the category while we remain competitive on free on the low end. So at the end of the season, we'll have a better read on that. But that's our strategy going in is winning more share of dollars, while also continuing to extend our lead in share of units and that's our multi-pronged approach.
Brad D. Smith: Actually, I am excited to say that that team has really leaned in to the product experience. In fact, they prioritized really making the first-time use experience from new-to-the-franchise customers amazing. They've had goals they put in place to get to a first P&L in five minutes or less; the ability to send an invoice quickly. They've spent a lot of time looking at what the best indicators are to someone who'll turn into an active user. And that's really what's driven the growth, not only in the U.S. but around the globe. It has not been increased promotions or anything else. It really has been the product.
Brad D. Smith: Yeah, actually, Chris, we have a relationship with Uber already in the United States and we simply expanded it into Canada. We have been working with Uber over the tax season last year and then more aggressively in the post season to try to make sure that we're helping them with their drivers, be able to separate their personal from their business expense, to be able to keep a mileage log that was up-to-date and active and have the ability for them to file their taxes. And on average, they're saving about $4,300 in tax savings by using our product. The other thing is the benefit for Uber is many times last year, the number one call they got from those who were driving for their service was hey, how do I – what do I owe for taxes? So the partnership is a win for them, it's a win for the driver and it's certainly a win for us. And the relationship has been in place in the U.S. and obviously, you mentioned the one in Canada as well. And we look to continue to expand that and many other relationships as we focus on the Self-Employed segment.
Brad D. Smith: Sterling, it's across the board. I think everyone continues to lean in and put their best game on the field and that's good for the category. If you go back and look over three decades, any time a lot of players either get more competitive, they're already in the game or new entrants come in, everyone leans into the advertising and marketing muscle and that gets more people to raise their head and say, hey, I'm paying hundreds of dollars to go to this service, why don't I try that instead? I think this is going to be net-net good for the category. It's going to get more people into the do-it-yourself category, and then it comes down to who has the best offering. But right now, of course, you've seen H&R Block, a really worthy competitor, someone we have respect for out there, and they've been aggressive this year. You've got new entrants coming in. and of course, we've been out there banging the drum as well. So I think net – we're getting a lot of people excited about the do-it-yourself category, which is good news for the long term.
Brad D. Smith: I'm sorry. I'm going to be guessing, Sterling. Let's get that answer and then we'll make sure we get that out to everybody. But I thought in Cece's section that she had sized it in the ProConnect update. Maybe...
Brad D. Smith: Jim, we've had a pretty consistent set of guiding principles out there, and then I'll add the asterisks onto this year, as we shared at Investor Day. So the principles are the four main drivers are the number of units or the number of returns filed with the IRS and then what percent of those are actually going into the do-it-yourself category. Underneath that, we fight for share and then ultimately we try to get a good revenue per return. As we were going into this year, we always say we like to see units grow faster than revenue and we like to see the category grow faster than the alternative method because that sets up a good lifeline for future monetization. Now, what we did this year in addition to that – so nothing has changed in our strategy. What we've done in addition to that is we've leaned into higher value opportunities. So SmartLook is trying to get these higher paying customers out of the assisted method, and we've also leaned in TurboTax Self-Employed. So we'll see what that does to return at the end of the year and ultimately what that does to revenue, but we're still striving to have healthy unit growth. And in a good situation, we'd like to have units outpace revenue.
Brad D. Smith: I'd say, Jim, it's early days this year. We're getting a lot of good learning, and this is the first of a platform strategy you saw play out in QuickBooks that we're now bringing to TurboTax. So I think it's going to be fairly immaterial this year, but I think we're going to leave here with a wiser set of ideas and thoughts as we enter into next season, and we're playing that one for the long game. So I'd say it'll be relatively immaterial this year.
Brad D. Smith: Hey, Michael. I appreciate the questions as always. Let me start first with we have a lot of respect for all of our competition. As I mentioned a few minutes ago, everyone out there is being aggressive. Let me talk specifically to IBM Watson that you referred to. We've been talking about machine learning and artificial intelligence for some time. In fact, it's not new, and we've been leaning into it aggressively since 2010. To give you a couple of stats, we have over 100 patents pending right now on machine learning and artificial intelligence technologies. We have 30 already in the market. These are algorithms. These are machine learning capabilities that do things like helping somebody in TurboTax understand quickly whether they should just go with the standardized deduction or do itemized deductions. And that could save as much as 40% of the time it takes to do the return. In QuickBooks, we have this thing called Smart Sort, which is the ability to automatically categorize whether something is a personal or a business expense, which allows you to basically make the right kinds of decisions when you file a Schedule C. And there's a whole host of other things that we're doing with artificial intelligence. So we are excited about the capabilities, we're always leaning into the future. And for us, this isn't a new announcement, we've been talking about it for some time. And it's been showing up, we believe, in not only our product scores, but also in our market share gains. The second is on the website. Right now, we haven't broken down our funnel metrics. We'll do that and we always do that pretty transparently at Investor Day. We don't tend to do it midseason. But you heard us reaffirm our confidence for the full year. So that gives you some insight into how we're feeling about her funnel metrics, which include conversion and retention. I think beyond that, at this point, we need to see how the full season plays out.
Brad D. Smith: John, thank you for that question. I think the solace that we all take some comfort in is that everyone has till April 18 to file. So whether they've jump in right now and it's coming back at the pace we hope, or they're going to wait until April 13, April 14, April 15 and dive across the finish line. We're prepared for any of those scenarios. We're out there, as Neil said, making sure that our message is out there today as they're making decisions. But we're going to stay in the game all the way to April 18. I think there's a lot of pace that's going to have to pick up between where we sit today and April 18. But that deadline is coming and so I think it's just a matter of when.
Brad D. Smith: No, you're welcome, John. I didn't mean to interrupt you. I was going to say we came in anticipating pretty aggressive season and we knew that there were going to be players that were going to mirror our Absolute Zero. And so we haven't had to tweak anything from a product perspective. As Neil did suggest though, we did start to make some adjustments to how we get our marketing message out there since the season got started a little later than we had anticipate. But we've been able to reallocate resources and kind of self-fund that, so that's really been the adjustment. Now, you might imagine we have a lot of contingency plans in place, if-then scenarios and those are sort of still on our back pocket. And we'll just keep an eye on the competition and we'll make the right kinds of decisions as things move.
Brad D. Smith: Yeah, I'll be happy to do that. First of all, we want to thank everybody for your questions today. Obviously, we're still on the midst of this peak season and we do like the momentum, we're continuing to build in Small Business and you heard us reiterate our confidence in the game plan for tax. We all know there's a lot of time left on the clock and your questions suggest there's still a lot of time for people to get their tax filing in. We know that's going to have to happen between now and April 18. So we're looking forward to staying laser-focused and executing and we'll catch up with you on the after calls as well as talk again at the end of tax season. So thanks, everybody and have a good weekend.
