Sasan Goodarzi: Great. Thank you, Sandeep. And just to quickly wrap up, we’re very confident in our AI-driven expert platform strategy, our progress with our five big bets, and creating a future of done for you with a gateway to human expertise. We believe that this will change our relationship with our customers, becoming their trusted advisors, leading to higher engagement and monetization. The combination of our assets and our strategy creates a growth flywheel for Intuit to accelerate penetrating our $300 billion in TAM. With that, let’s open it up to your questions.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Siti, thank you for your question. Maybe I’ll start us off. And Sandeep, please jump in as you wish. I mean as the headline that I would give Siti is that we’re really pleased with the momentum that we have, the growth that we’ve experienced. When you think about it in context of the current macro environment, we’re continuing to see larger, higher value customers, mid market customers want to shift to digitization. And the more we spend time with them, with our account managers, with our sales folks, with our customer success folks, they tend to have a tendency of wanting to move more of their services to us because for the most part, we are already the standard of financial management solutions that they use for their financial records. But they see it as an opportunity to get paid faster, manage their workforce to be able to use our capabilities, to be able to market to their customers. And so the net of it that I would leave you with is I like our momentum in this macro environment. We expect that to continue for the rest of the year. And there’s a lot of puts and takes in our online accounting and online services. And so I wouldn’t read anything into it. The most important element to take away is the 21% overall online growth. And our services are strong and we continue to innovate with our services. And I expect that we’ll continue to lead digitization and transformation for our small businesses. Sandeep, I don’t know if you want to add anything, but those would be the headlines for me, Siti.
Sasan Goodarzi: Kash, great to hear from you. Great question. I would – let me categorize the answer in two buckets. First of all, facts are friendly, and let me start with some facts. What we see across our base is that cash reserves are down 11% year-over-year. That’s really what small businesses care about. But it’s actually up 115% over pre-pandemic levels. And so the takeaway you should have in that is small businesses are being challenged in this macro environment. Consumers are spending less dollars, but they’re actually healthier at the aggregate level than they were several years ago. In fact, what I would call out is the number of hours worked is higher this year, several points compared to last year. So that just the strength of the work that they’re doing, being able to have access to talent is in a better position for small businesses compared to last year. And that, by the way, as you can imagine differs by country and by sector, sectors like real estate, IT spending is struggling if the sector small business is in, but things like professional services, auto repairs is actually quite healthy. Last thing I would end with is the higher value customers more the mid-market customers are healthier than those that are small and just starting out, which by the way, we’ve seen this in our 20 plus years, right, we’ve seen this is a normal trend whereby the larger businesses have a lot more levers to be able to pull and they’re generally healthier. Lastly, our view, and we’re not economists, but we see a lot of data. Our view is that 2024 is going to be a lot of the same for small businesses. We don’t believe that there’s going to be any kind of an economic tailwind as we think about the next – the rest of the calendar year.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure, Brad. First of all, I’ll amplify what you started out with. Having been in the tax business and ran it more than ten years ago and watching our trends in the last ten years. Every season there’s a push to a later start, and it’s just a consumer behavior, and we’re seeing that this year, so that’s not anything unique. There’s two things that I would call out that are strategic to us, that are worth calling out, because we see green shoots in both with the early part of season. One is full service. Just as a refresher, there’s nearly 100 million consumers and small businesses that spend about $30 billion to have somebody else do their taxes for them. And we really leaned into our overall full service experience, we really leaned into our campaigns, both on air, digital. Very basic things, by the way, that we didn’t used to have the capabilities of that we’re now building, which is if you use an expert and you love that expert, that you can recommend that expert to a friend, that, that’s basics. But the infrastructure that we’re building to really disrupt the full service space is a necessity. And we feel very good about the green shoots that we’re seeing, both on the consumer front and on the business tax front. And I’ll remind you that this is our first year leaning all the way into business tax. So it’s beyond early, but everything that we’ve seen just indicates that this is enormous opportunity for us. So that’s on the full service front. The second I would mention is Credit Karma. This is really an area where we have nearly 45 million monthly active users. They engage more than five times a month, and the majority of those monthly active users actually use a different method and not TurboTax. And so we’ve really heavily invested in the experience, whether you want to do it yourself in the app or you want us to do it for you, which is full service and compelling offerings that we’ve been testing and scaling. And we also like the green shoots there. So those are the two things that I would call out, and it really positions us for share of spend. I’ll end with the following, which is we’ve set the goal line in taxes, our share of total IRS returns, and really what matters is the share of spend that we’re getting. And full service is essential for that, both this year and in the future.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Let me start with the overall services question that you asked and Sandeep will weigh in here with some of the facts that you asked around flow. I think the thing that I would just say around services goes back to my earlier comment, which is we’re just spending a lot more time with higher value customers really helping them understand what we can do to digitize their businesses, and by the way, continuing to improve our offerings. And so as we talked about earlier, our total online payments growth this quarter was 20% in a fairly tough macro environment. That’s because we continue to invest in making the experience easier, providing multiple methods to get paid instant deposit, getting paid upfront. So those really help with, in essence, payments adoption. Our payroll adoption has been strong, particularly larger customers and with full service, and we’re continuing to really invest in some of the most important foundational elements with Mailchimp that higher value customers are adopting, and particularly some of the things that I called out with intuitive. So it’s really – it’s not one thing, it’s a combination of all of our services and the focus on higher value customers that is really helping us with some of the services adoption. Maybe. Sandeep, I’ll turn it over to you on the float and anything else you want to add.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, sure. Taylor, let me add a few things if I could. First of all, I’ll start with we don’t view the macro environment as entirely remaining stable. We think it’s going to continue to be uncertain. So we’re not sort of banking on any of our growth coming from any type of a tailwind from the macro environment. We think 2024 will be somewhat choppy, like 2023 was from a macro environment perspective. And we see it in the consumer – credit scores of consumers. As you know, we see over 100 million members across Credit Karma. And their credit scores in the last couple of years are down almost 20 points. Gen Z credit card balances are up over 60% and those are just a couple of illustrative examples that consumers are strained. So the first uber-point would be that we think the environment is stable to uncertain and we’re not trying to outguess the economy, but really focus on our customers and our innovation, which gets to the second point, and that is we have confidence in the guidance that we provided of the 16% to 17% for the year, even in context of the macro environment, just because we continue to really emphasize and focus with our high value mid-market customers digitization. And that’s really what’s leading to our overall 21% online growth that we talked about. And that’s what gives us confidence in our guidance. And really, as we look into the future, our entire focus is really all about our innovation and our go-to-market to win, despite the tough economic environment.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Alex, thank you. Great question. Let me start with one headline, particularly as we’ve been in beta or with certain capabilities at scale and GA. I’ll start with a headline which is we believe that over time, and I want to emphasize the overtime piece, that this is going to create an entirely new category of experiences and growth that is not even possible today because of truly creating a set of experiences where the work is done for customers. And there’s always a gateway to human expert that’s all AI powered. And the more we’re in market, the more we’re learning, adjusting, adapting, the more we are convinced that we’re going to be able to create a new category of services and what’s possible to penetrate our $300 billion in TAM. Now with that said, let me get real specific and sort of real tactical. The second headline news that I would give is none of the work that we’re doing with Intuit Assist, which is really about what we’re doing across the platform. It’s not a feature. None of it is in our results today, and we’re not counting on it to be in our results in the near future. But with that said, to answer your question in tax, to start with, there’s a couple of areas where it will have profound impact. One is full service. And the profound impact, by the way, is from the investments that we’ve made in the last five years. I mean, to do what we’re doing in full service at scale and think about it, it’s really based on data, AI, ecosystem of apps, because now we can do your taxes through Credit Karma, through the cookbooks platform and one of the largest networks of experts that we have. And all of that sits on machine learning, knowledge engineering and now GenAI capabilities. So the biggest in our view, based on what we’re seeing in market, right, the biggest opportunity is about the ease and the speed of getting people’s taxes done. So imagine a world where you’re a full service customer that we can get your taxes done in less than an hour, maximum refund and extend your dollars because of what we can do with you on the Credit Karma platform and excellent service, the best service you can imagine in the world, which by the way is supported by our product recommendation score of 88. So really it’s full service that will have the biggest impact. Now the whole underlying platform is what full service uses. And so the other is over time. Yes, it will help with conversion. And really it’s about confidence. And we’re seeing that right now where Intuit assist when it’s engaged to understand my tax outcome and refund outcome, the helpful rating is one and a half times better than we’ve ever seen and by the way, we are very early, we haven’t perfected it by any means. So that’s on the tax front. Just very quickly, let me touch on Credit Karma. As you know, one of the powers of Credit Karma on behalf of our customers is we know everything about the customer. We know have all the data and leverage AI to deliver personalized credit cards that are right for them, or personal loans, whatever it may be. One thing that’s profound with GenAI that we’re learning and seeing in market today is now customers can interact with Credit Karma, whereas before they couldn’t. The from to is, the from is, I would show you the three credit cards that are right for you based on everything that I know about you. But now you can interact with Credit Karma and ask, hey, I’m looking for travel rewards, which of these three credit cards are the best for me? And then we interact with you and help you understand, which one is the best for you based on an additional set of questions that you’ve asked, where we now know more about you. That’s profound, because that will, over time, drive higher engagement, monetization, et cetera. And on the small business front, our entire focus is revenue and profitability increase. Everything that we are testing in market, learning in market is so that we can help you with campaigns that increases your revenue or manage your cash flow that better helps you with profitability. And one of the things we’re testing with is to have experts that actually provide insights to you and those insights could be, hey, it’s time to take out capital because your sales are strong, or hey, I just finished doing your books for you. Would you like to have a conversation so you can understand your cash flow and how your books close for the month? And that’s a monetizable event for us. So probably a longer answer that you were looking for, but those are the things that are in market where we’re learning and adjusting and we think over time. We haven’t perfected any of this yet, because it’s actually hard, but we believe it’ll create an entirely new category of services and growth.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, great question, Kirk. Let me start with the Intuit Assist question first. And I’ll share with you how we’re sequencing it. Right now our entire focus and remember, everything that we are doing here is based on data and AI. A lot of our investments are what you don’t see, which is ensuring that the data is usable, that it’s clean, that it’s structured the right way, and that our machine learning, knowledge engineering and GenAI capabilities can digest all of the data. Inclusive of data by the way, that’s contributed by the customer, like access to their Gmail account, access to their Excel spreadsheet, because a lot of customers data are in those two places, or they’re in shoeboxes and being able to take pictures. And for us to be able to digest that data and actually deliver insights. So our first priority of order is to ensure that if you’re using our small business platform and if you are looking to put together marketing campaigns, that Intuit Assist is doing that for you. The second element of what we are focused on is then being able to transfer and use Intuitive Assist across QuickBooks and Mailchimp, because all the data points are connected. That is absolutely where we are headed and it’s sequenced in second place compared to what I just articulated, because we have to nail via the basics. But that’s actually where the power of our platform will show up for our customers, where whether you’re in Credit Karma or TurboTax, you can ask whatever question you want that is relevant in your life and we can answer it because all of our data points are connected and our AI capabilities are, in essence, working across the product. So that is sequence, but we’re working on that as we speak. The second is cross-sell. First of all, I’ll start with we’re not thinking about it in terms of cross-sell. We’re thinking about it in terms of product integration. So what we are really focused on, and this is, by the way, this applies to TurboTax and Credit Karma. This applies to Mailchimp and QuickBooks. What we’re really focused on is integrating the product at moments of truth that matters most based on how the customer does the work. Like, for instance, if you are in QuickBooks on your left lap [ph]. This is just an illustrative example because we’re actually testing a lot of this, is that you can actually see how you can manage your customers and put together marketing campaigns. And when you engage and click on that, you have the Mailchimp engine that is working behind the scenes. And after maybe a couple of free trials, then we share with you how much it is to pay for these capabilities. So that’s what I mean by product integration. We want to nail the benefits at the moment of truth that matters versus just try to sell you Mailchimp within the platform. We’ve found over time that that’s not as effective. What’s most effective is the product integration. So that’s the approach that we’re taking across all of our platforms.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, thank you for the question. First of all, the key to success for us, given where we are on the rollout is one network connections. And as you heard in our remarks, albeit very early, the number of business network connections has doubled since August. And that’s important because it helps, it’s a huge step forward to then digitize how we in essence help customers get paid and pay bills. The second is just executing on our roadmap. The big thing that we’re starting to roll out that we talked about earlier is just faster payments and that’s through both paid ACH next day that we’re rolling out and also batch payments. And so we’re going to continue to look at what’s most important for our customers and that’s what’s informing our roadmap. But we have to do it in conjunction with continuing to increase network connections. And we’re really excited about in the long term what’s possible, digitizing all of B2B, because it’s very – it’s incredibly beneficial to our customers because they get paid faster, and two, it’s really a sticky product.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure. I’ll add a perspective and would invite Sandeep to chime-in as well. I think the short answer is we are seeing more traction in our higher value customers and our mid-market customers, which I think to your frame is 10, 15 employees and up or more higher revenue customers. We are seeing more traction there, more momentum there. And by the way a big part of it is that’s where we’re really focusing our innovation, our go-to-market. At the same time to be clear we – we always remain paranoid and always believe in the notion of disrupting from the low end, which is by the way why we just launched a Solopreneur offering, which is to be able to serve those small businesses that in essence they’re on their own. Because we believe that it’s helping entrepreneurs when they’re a team of one, because one-day some will become a team of thousands. So we’re not taking our eye off the ball on the low-end at all, but we’re doubling down on our focus on the higher value customers. And yes, we do see more resiliency, more momentum with these larger customers.
Sasan Goodarzi: Thanks for the question, Steve. The way we think about it, and as we were just addressing in the prior question, we see tremendous opportunity in the mid-market for those that we currently define as having ten to 100 employees. And what really excites us about this opportunity is that these customers come with a much higher lifetime value, much higher ARPC, and have better retention. And so that just helps out our economics, but these customers also tend to have higher customer acquisition costs and there are relatively fewer of those than the smaller customers by definition, when you look at the overall addressable market. So as we focus on these larger customers, that means we will get higher ARPC per customer, even though there are fewer of those. So that is where the growth formula, we continue to abide by the growth formula that we have publicly discussed about 10% to 20% customer growth, 10% to 20% ARPC growth. But as we continue to focus on the mid market, you should expect us to lean in more towards the ARPC growth because of this dynamic with the mid-market, and that we think that’s actually a good thing for the business going forward.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure. Thank you for the question. Our view, having been through however many tax seasons we’ve been through as a company, is it’s early in the season to estimate how many folks will ultimately file when it’s all said and done. With that said, our belief is still the same. It will probably be total of number of filers will probably flattish, maybe up a little bit. Our perspective really hasn’t changed because our focus is how do we win as many filers within the category that are going to file. So the first answer is our view hasn’t really changed. The second, on full service and some of the growing pains, I would call out a few from last year compared to what we’re doing this year. One is, we actually made it difficult for customers to get into full service last year. And by the way, it was more trying to ensure the customers were really, really getting into the right service. But we had so much friction that we had created up front. And if you think about somebody that just walks into somebody’s home or office and sort of hands everything over and says, here, get my taxes done. And then they interact until three or four weeks later until their taxes are done, the notion of engaging and putting a lot of friction up and asking a lot of questions up front is not a behavior they’re used to. So that was a big learning and growing pain, a lot of which we have removed all the friction and engage – get a customer to engage an expert, depending on what we know about them, very, very early. So that’s one. I think the second one, we learned a lot about what did and did not work in our campaigns last year. And there’s a lot we are doing differently to really help customers, both on air, digitally, but also the infrastructure that we are working on, which, by the way, is not going to be done this season. Right. We’re going to be investing in it for several years. Were basic things which, by the way, are very powerful, where if I did your taxes and you love the work that I did for you, and by the way, our product recommendation score of 88 would suggest that our experts are delivering excellent service. You’d want to recommend me to your friend? Well, last year you could not do that. And this year we’re building the capabilities that you could actually recommend me to a friend. And that virality is a very big thing, especially when you have an 88 product recommendation score. And then lastly is 43% of those that use an assisted method, that choose to switch to somebody else. 43% will actually go on Google and Google is there a tax pro near me? And again, that’s another example of where we didn’t have the infrastructure to show up and we’re building that infrastructure. So I can tell you for a fact, in San Jose, California, right or in Los Gatos, I should say if you put in tax pro near me, we will show up top of the list. We being TurboTax. If you do it in Atlanta, which is where I was a few weeks ago, we don’t show up because we’re working on. So that’s an example of the things that we learned last year that we’re implementing this year, but not just for this tax season, but really to nail it with excellence as we think about the future.
Sasan Goodarzi: Keith. So let me start by just reminding us all that the GenAI cost for the current fiscal year have been incorporated into our guidance. So that’s first and foremost. But now let me address the themes of your question as I think about the cost structure, and I’ll focus on the cost structure, since that’s where your question was. We actually feel that we are quite advantageous versus the market in the sense that the data that we have, that we have touched on, that’s residing behind our firewalls, that we are training our large language models on, that are delivering more contextually relevant answers at a faster speed versus other generally available large language models, and that they are doing that at a fraction of the cost. So just from a unit economics point of view, for the GenAI, it’s actually advantageous the way we are running it. Two, we don’t have our own data center, and we rely on AWS and other third party data centers to run our model. So that, again, is a cost advantage because we don’t have that build out cost as some others might have. Furthermore, as I look across our business, I do see opportunities for us to, over time, improve our economics using GenAI and AI. Now, we’ve already given examples on things such as in customer success, where agents no longer have to take notes or spend minutes summarizing the call that they just had. AI does that, and that’s just one small example. But expect that to continue to lead to more efficiencies in a customer success calls lead to more better unit economics in a full service than live offerings, as you kind of carry that forward. Also, how we are staffing up builders in terms of project managers to designers to engineers ratios. So I see many opportunities for us to continue to benefit from GenAI, and I feel good about the early start that we have leaning into some of those capabilities.
Sasan Goodarzi: All right, awesome, everybody. Thank you for listening in. Thank you for your wonderful questions. Be safe. We’ll talk to you next quarter. Thank you, everybody.
Sandeep Aujla: Yes. Sasan, good coverage [ph]. Siti, what I would also remind you of is, as we’ve shared in the past, there are three imperatives that you focus on as a management team, new customer acquisition, driving adoption of our platform and being better together across our platform. And with that in new customer acquisition, our team continues to focus on mid-market customers. As you call those mid-market customers, they’re a larger, richer revenue pool. They have higher customer acquisition costs, but they also take a little longer to ramp up because most of the size of the price in those mid-market customers on services revenue, which ramps up as opposed to accounting, which you start booking as soon as they become a customer, so just a dynamic to keep in mind. That’s why in my prepared remarks, I called out that our growth formula will continue to start leaning more towards ARPC going forward. And the second component of the services is basically us executing on our focus of driving adoption of our platform.
Sandeep Aujla: Sure. So thanks, Sasan. Michael, the float component is a very small part of our payroll business, as one thing that we really aim to do for our small businesses is to hold their cash as little as possible. So float is not a big component for us. And I think the overarching theme of your question was the ability for Intuit to preserve the earnings power of the company despite the one week delay in the IRS opening. I think Sasan touched on that. And it’s also some of the great work that the team has been doing around acquiring larger customers around the lineup, work we did to make the higher end SKUs in payroll more attractive to those customers. The work the team is doing around mid market account management and Mailchimp. So it’s a plethora of activities that continues to give us confidence across portfolio of assets that we have here at Intuit.
Sandeep Aujla: Taylor, the one thing I would add, and just to build on Sasan’s point, you asked a question around pricing, pricing power. Our tenant around pricing is around the power of our offerings and the innovation we’re building into the offerings. And the perceived actual value that we’re delivering to our customers is not related to the macro environment. So that’s another point I just wanted to emphasize in terms of how we think about our pricing.
Sandeep Aujla: Hey Raimo. Thanks for that question. Super important one, and let me share some of my thoughts. First and foremost, I’ll start with the fact that we’re deliberately building this business to scale growth while increasing our profitability. In fact, those are principle ones and two of our financial principles that we use to manage this company. So that’s a very deliberate approach that we are taking. And we have a track record of expanding margin over the years while bringing innovation to markets such as Intuit Assist, such as building innovation to address the opportunity we have in the mid-market such as innovation to localize products in Mailchimp for the international market. So we are not leaving growth opportunities on the table with our focus to scale growth and drive innovation. Now, the second component of your question, in terms of the profitability profile so far this year, we look at our margins and aim to deliver our margin commitments for the full year. And I feel quite confident in our path to do so. And the performance we had in the first couple of quarters, in fact, bolster the confidence that I have in our full year guidance.
Sandeep Aujla: And to covered the topic, the only thing I would add is that the unit economics on the upmarket is also something that we find quite attractive. These customers, they tend to scale to much higher ARPC especially as we get them to adopt our platform. They by definition have more employees. They by definition of processing more payments, so that’s also something that we find attractive and is very much an area that we are having our go-to-market teams and our product teams deliberately lean in this year.
