Sasan Goodarzi: Great. Thank you, Michelle. Well, while the CFO transition isn't official until August, I wanted to just take this opportunity to express my sincere appreciation for all that Michelle has contributed over the past 20 years at Intuit including the last five years as CFO. She has been an amazing partner and will leave Intuit better than what she founded. And during Michelle's tenure as CFO, Intuit's market cap and revenue more than doubled. Michelle's commitment to developing top and diverse talent has created a deep bench of strong leaders, making firm a very seamless transition. Sandeep will be an exceptional CFO and with his track record of leading outstanding performance across our Small Business and Self-Employed Group and our technology organizations. So with that, let me go ahead and summarize. We are seeing continued momentum as we execute on our strategy of being a global AI-driven expert platform and growing Intuit revenue double-digits with margin expansion. With our accelerated organic innovation, and the additional -- the additions of Credit Karma and Mailchimp, we are the leading global financial technology platform that powers prosperity for people and communities. We're proud that Intuit has been named number five, on Fortune's Most Admired Company in the software category, one of Glassdoor's 2023 Best Places to Work and honored to be including -- included among Just Capital's Just 100 ranking for 2023. With that, let's now open it up to your questions.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, sure. Thank you for the question. I would lead with -- we're seeing strength both in terms of customer acquisition, retention, we are seeing strength in our services. As we mentioned a moment ago, both the number of companies that are running payroll, the number of employees that are getting paid is very strong. We're -- if you compare our results to what you're seeing in the marketplace, we are continuing to grow payments 25%, total payments charge volume, which is really outstanding because of the fact that our customers are continuing to benefit from digitizing on our platform. And I think just the additive piece is we're seeing strength in mid-market, which is much higher ARPC and we're quite excited about really being able to pursue non-consumption with what we talked about earlier with QuickBooks Live actually being embedded as part of our overall offering. And I would just end with one of the goals that we talked about with all of you four years ago, our bold 2025 goals. One of those goals was that, we wanted the success rate of small businesses on our platform to be 10 points better than industry. And in fact, the small businesses on our platform, their performance is north of 15 points better than anyone in the industry. And what that just suggests is that, the small businesses on our platform are more successful, they're digitizing and they're leveraging this opportunity to continue to accelerate to deliver for their customers.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, for sure, Siti. Thank you so much for your question. And it's actually a really important question in terms of what we've often talked about, which is, it's important that you all look at Intuit as really the authority when it comes to what's happening in the small business space. And the reason is that, our platform is mission-critical for small businesses. Our platform with QuickBooks, Mailchimp and all the services that we have on our platform, is really used by small businesses to be able to grow customers, manage their customers, manage their cash flow, be able to manage their employees end-to-end. And therefore, what that means is, it fuels our success, supported by the stat I shared a moment ago, where small businesses that are on our platform are actually 15-plus points more successful than those that are not on our platform. And so, I set that very important context, and I'll just point to payments total charge volume as an example. When you look at our performance being at 25%, that is, by far, the best in the industry. And that is because, it is all about digitization. And it's not just about payments, but it's about all the services that our small businesses use on our platform. And we expect our small businesses to continue to be successful, even in this macro environment, and we are here to support them. I will just end by saying the following, which I think you were hinting at this in your question. The strength of our businesses, as Michelle and I described a moment ago, and we expect that strength to continue, although, when you look at our guidance, I think the way you should look at our guidance is that it has been de-risked for sure, for the rest of the year.
Sasan Goodarzi: You are -- we didn't break out the number. But, yes, you're looking at it right, because, in essence, online services, minus, Mailchimp grew faster. So therefore, just by design, it grew much faster than 21%. So you are correct.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure, Michael, maybe I will take that. First of all, I'll just start with context. This is a business model shift that we're actually quite excited about in that. One, we've shifted the customers to subscription, so it's far more predictable. Two, in that context, we have had a very planful process of aligning prices between desktop and our online products. And the reason this is really important is we've been heavily investing in the last several years really ensuring that some of the key capabilities for our desktop customers, particularly those product-based businesses, that those capabilities are available in online. And being in the middle of this business model transition, one, we see another 1.5 years of continued strength, but we also see ahead of that, the fact that we can now migrate these customers through our online platform, because we now have the capabilities that they need. And by the way, when we do that – that actually opens up the doors to additional online services to continue to fuel the success of our small businesses. And therefore, when you step back, ultimately, the growth of this franchise will come from online. And with all of the innovation growth levers we have, moving up-market, that is what continues to give us a lot of confidence in our 15% to 20% long-term expectations for the small business franchise.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Thanks for your question, Mark. Let me start with context that we always look at our largest growth across the company, no matter what the business is to come from volume and mix. And those two are driven, of course, by our innovation and/or if we are moving up market, which in many cases across our businesses, we are moving upmarket. In TurboTax, the example is moving into the assisted segment. So price and mix are really the largest drivers. And because of just the vast and accelerated innovation, we also have price as a leverage because we always want to be disruptive from the bottom, and we want to continue to disrupt at the top. And that actually gives us a lot of pricing power because of the value equation and the benefits that we deliver for our customers. And so with that as context, looking ahead, not just the next couple of quarters, but looking in terms of just the long-term durability of Intuit and how we think about things, we believe the majority of our growth will continue to come from volume and mix and price will always be a lever because particularly that we are moving upmarket. And I think it was even more pronounced in small business because of the business model shift in desktop, where we are bringing pricing to parity with online and we just -- we expect that to continue in the next several quarters, but that there's a durability element of this, not just a quarterly element for this.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Mark, I would say that when you think about the priorities that we talked about in the focus areas, we are starting to see green shoots, and we started seeing green shoots a couple of quarters ago. And sort of the biggest one is conversion in paid. The one -- in addition to the initiatives starting to deliver green shoots that we are the most excited about is the work that we are doing to retain our high-value customers and to really penetrate in mid-market. This is really the same story that we talked about in mid-market with QuickBooks Advance, where our retention was actually not quite that high when it came to our high-value customers in QuickBooks. And we built a platform and really a team to focus on these mid-market customers. And that is really one that I'm very excited about, and I think we'll see the results of that in the next two to three quarters, where we'll start making a bigger impact in not only retaining our high-value customers, but also penetration in mid-market. And that's also in context of all the other things that we've talked about doing, which is campaign redesign, web redesign, first-time use, one-hour assisted onboarding and now what we just shared earlier in the script, which we said it's coming, and that is the Data Sync. The Data Sync is huge, because now it puts the customer data and purchase data all in one place, and it really puts the power of growth in the hands of customers in a way where they can't get that fuel anywhere else. And so, all these things take time, but we are seeing the green shoots. It will translate into faster revenue growth, sort of, in the coming quarters, which is, by the way, not embedded in our guidance, just to be clear, but we're excited about the progress that we're making.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Brad, actually, a great question. And the reason it's such an important question is, we are very focused on delivering for our members in the near term and to your point, leading to this macro environment, but we are undeterred relative to the strategic focus areas for the business. And so, let me specifically answer your questions. First of all, let me start with a macro point, which applies to all of Intuit. At Intuit, there are outcomes that we declare that we monitor, but there are also inputs that we focus on. And inputs are key deliverables around product, around go-to-market, around technology investments, and each of our inputs have success measures. And we spend the majority of our time on inputs, because managing inputs and managing where you choose to invest is ultimately the biggest predictor of the outcomes that we want to achieve. So we're very intentional about delivering and managing in the near term for our customers and for you all, and we are undeterred relative to the focus areas that we are focused on in the long term, which are the inputs. With that as sort of uber context in terms of how we run the company, there are several areas that we continue to be focused on, and they're not new, but this is why we believe in the long-term growth of Credit Karma. One is Karma Guarantee. By the way, somebody is typing. So, hopefully, you all can hear me. But Karma Guarantee is a big time differentiator. This is where we use our data and our machine learning capabilities to, in essence, provide certainty that a customer is eligible for a credit card or a personal loan. And now 59% of our members are actually able to get a Karma Guarantee offer, which is a huge deal. We're continuing to invest in that area with our financial institutions and getting financial institutions onto our light box. The second is Credit Karma Money. This is huge, right? This is building out the other side of Credit Karma platform where, in essence, we're helping our members manage money, whether it's paying bills, early access to their money, early access of their refund, building their credit, finding ways to save money. And the more we -- members engage with Credit Karma money, the more their engagement goes up on the platform and the more we can monetize. So that's the second area. And the third area is what we've talked about in the last several quarters, which is our focus on prime customers. This is why we put Mint and Credit Karma together. We're very underpenetrated with our prime members, and we're building out services. And when we launch them, well, of course, you'll be the first to know to really begin to penetrate and monetize prime customers. And last but not least, this is very important. It's better together with TurboTax. It's all the investments that we are making because our goal is we want every Credit Karma member to use TurboTax, and we want every TurboTax customer to put their refund on Credit Karma Money account. So those are the four big areas of focus.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Brad. In fact, I'll start with something that we mentioned earlier, but it's really important in the context of your question, and that is our entire campaign strategy and all the investments that we've made in TurboTax Live as a platform has been to bring in prior year assisted customers. And these prior year – and by the way, our campaign, we'll talk about it in more detail right after tax season. But our campaign is certainly raising heads, and we are seeing more prior year-assisted customers come into the franchise because they see it as a great opportunity to digitally get their taxes done from wherever they are and get the expert help that they need. With that said, the way we think about TurboTax Live is it's really one platform. We are -- we don't look at like full service as just an attach. We look at -- there are those that will come in and choose to get help along the way. And there are those that will come in and digitally exchange all of the documents, had appointment, and have a discussion with our – expert that's been matched with them and then have us do their taxes for them. And I think we see the type of strength that we would have expected in this area in the – where we are in the season. With full service, you see more of that strength more towards the latter part of the season. But we're pleased with the halo effect that really it creates because that's what we're really after is to ensure that we communicate and deliver on the promise of, if you want to help with your taxes or you want us to do it for you, we're here for you. And it's the combination of that both campaign strategy and platform delivering on that promise. That is what we look for. With that said, the big change this year is one session virtual engagement where we can get your taxes one and done, and we're seeing success there. And I would also just say we're going to see a lot more sort of in March and April, and that's where this full-service offering will have the largest impact.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Very good question. A couple of things that I'll say. First of all, Steve, as we talked about earlier, we have just had a faster forming season this year, which is great because we're able to not only deliver for our customers, but these are folks that really need their money fast and we've seen a really strong uptake of putting their money on a Credit Karma Money account, which is exactly why we've got the integration between those two platforms. The second thing I would say, and of course, we'll share more tangible results when season is over. But I'm actually quite excited about what we are seeing this year relative to Credit Karma members, in essence, engaging with TurboTax. We spent a lot of sort of our investments in time this past five, six months to remove friction, to remove blockers, to make it much easier if you're a member to pick the right product and then get your taxes done, whether you want to do it yourself or we'll do it for you. So we're seeing good engagement on that front. And I think just last but not least, we're seeing strength with returning customers that use TurboTax Live coming back this year. And again, it's very early in the season. We're actually excited about all the possibilities of acquiring new customers as we look at the rest of the season, particularly because of our campaign. That's raised a lot of heads that we typically wouldn't have raised. So more to come when season is over. And by the way, we're iterating real-time, making product improvements real-time, launching new features every seven days. So we're excited about the game that's ahead of us and where we are as we sit today.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, yes, absolutely. It's a very, very good question because if you just do the math, what we've delivered the first half of the year and you look at where we're going to deliver the second half of the year, it would suggest significant deceleration. So thank you for asking the question. I would say everything that we talked about across all the businesses stands. We're confident in our guidance and we're confident in what we're seeing in the businesses and where each business sits. I think the reality is, generally, we have a principle, we don't touch our guidance while we're heading into our third quarter. Our third quarter is double the revenue of any other quarter. And so, we'd like to get to the third quarter and then talk to you all about what our guidance is moving forward. So really, the way you should think about our guidance is it's derisked.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Thank you for the question, Kash. And I just have to start by saying, we've got a lot of octane in the tank left across all of our Big Bets. I love all of my five children. But I'll answer your question around payments. I think there are three things. And let me -- 30 seconds of context, and I'll specifically answer your question, because we talked about payments and money movement a lot. One huge element of what happens on our platform is, small businesses come in, they create an estimate, they invoice and then they need to get paid for that invoice once they do the work. And our penetration in that -- we talk often about we have $2 trillion of invoices that are managed on our platform. Our penetration there is still low. And so, it's just important to start there and not move off of that, because that's a huge growth opportunity. It's a huge area of investment. And by the way, why in this macro environment where everybody's payments volumes are not accelerating or they're significantly decelerating, we still have 25% total charge volume growth. So that's number one. There's a lot of octane left there, and we are significantly focused. I think the other one that we've traditionally not focused on at all, is this entire B2B network, which is digitizing business to business between our small businesses. We now have the capabilities. We launched the business network last quarter to millions of our QuickBooks customers. That is a big opportunity, of course, very low -- no penetration, because we didn't have it before, and it's 70% checks. So that's a big one. And then part of that is also just bill pay capabilities, which we've had on our platform through a couple of really strong partners. And now we're building that capability ourselves, because we believe that it can deliver a far seamless experience for our customers. And then, when you take all of that and go to mid-market, it's even a bigger opportunity, which is why we're seeing the strength in our mid-market growth, because of just the size of payments and payroll that takes place. So, hopefully, that answers your question
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, Scott. I love the question, because this is actually important for everybody to hear since you see the IRS reports on a weekly basis. It's almost – if I were to tell you all, it's almost hard for you all to pay attention to these reports because so much has changed and will continue to change. So let me start with context. Before COVID, before 2020, things were generally predictable, but things were continuing year in and year out to get pushed out to April. What do I mean by predictable. Generally, you would see a strong first peak, which went through mid-February and it would start end of January, and then you would sort of have very low volume and then you would have a lot of volume come in on the 14th and 15th of April. And what was happening every year, that curve was predictable – about what's happening is every year, more and more people pushed out to do their taxes on the 14 and 15 because there were solutions like ours where they could wait until last minute to do it. So that was pre-COVID. When COVID hit, when everybody sort of was locked up in their homes, when tax season got extended two years in a row, and now the fact that folks are actually working virtually, it completely blew up the curve and the habits of customers. And so what we are now seeing this season is initially, we saw a fast forming season similar to what would happen pre-COVID. A lot of people came in because they needed money. And what we're seeing now is – what we've been seeing, which is a lot of people are pushing out to complete their taxes sort of last minute. But what's very difficult, I know for you all to compare, we have a lot of internal data so we can assess what's happening is that it's hard to compare year-over-year, because there's so much that changed in the last several years. And again, what we're seeing this year is now people are at work, but remember, they're still generally working in a hybrid environment. So even days of the week, times of the day when their taxes is not comparable to last year. But generally speaking, fast forming and then a bunch of people are going to do their taxes in the last several days of April before taxes are due is the way you should think about it.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, yes, sure. First of all, let me start with my comments where the guidance for the company is derisked. That includes Credit Karma. So my comments weren't just about Credit Karma, it was really about the whole company because if you just do the math, it seems that we are significantly decelerating the second half of the year versus the first half of the year and that's the point I made, which is principally, we don't touch guidance until we get to our largest quarter, which is this quarter. And so therefore, the way to think about our guidance is that it's derisked. That includes Credit Karma. The second thing is, if you recall, when Michelle and I talked about when we reset the Credit Karma guidance to minus 15% to minus 10%, what we talked about is, one, we feel the new guidance was very prudent. We also really built in some deterioration in the second half of the year and we didn't count on our innovation having the kind of impact we initially had assumed in our first guidance. And I think that still stands. With that said, I actually feel very good about where we are. I would say we are where we want it to be because we have very high goals with Karma Guarantee. 59% of our members now having at least one Karma Guarantee offer is really a big deal. So I feel good in terms of the progress we're making on that front, the front of Credit Karma Money with the integration with TurboTax. Those are all -- our input goals in those areas are on track, and it will be fun to watch how they play out the rest of the year, but we're not relying on that to achieve our guidance.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Brent, two over points. The first one is you're always going to see toggling between online accounting growth rate and online services growth rate. What you really should pay attention to is the overall growth rate. With that said, to answer your question, we actually saw strength across the board. Mailchimp, our growth is what brought down the online services growth to 21% because it is growing slower then, of course, it's growing low teens, but it was really driven down by Mailchimp. And Mailchimp is growing low teens, similar to last quarter, but that was really the primary reason a little bit very small amount by payments now growing at 25%, but really, it's Mailchimp.
Sasan Goodarzi: No. It's really -- we have very clear priorities put great leaders in the business. I was actually just in Atlanta about three weeks ago, spent more than a day with the entire team, and it's just really execution. And I feel very good about the focus areas, the progress on our execution, it is in our control, which is sort of a great place to be in. It's not macro, it's us.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Good question, Alex. Let me start with small business. And given that we have 10 million-plus small businesses on our platform and by the way, with the way they're digitizing it's probably best to just talk specifically about the data that we are seeing. If you go back to last quarter, what I had mentioned is, small businesses generally still have strong cash reserves. They're using some of those cash reserves to continue to invest in their business. And they're still hiring. They're still having a little bit of a hard time hiring, but they are still hiring. They couldn't find talent. But then there are sectors like financial services, real estate, auto that were down nearly 15% in revenue year-over-year. If I forwarded to the data that we're seeing now, this quarter, two things. One, they're continuing to hire, and they're actually finding it easier to hire. And those same industries that I just mentioned, real estate, financial services and auto have actually kicked off in performance. Their performance is better. Like, for instance, I think real estate and financial services are -- they were down like 15% plus, and now they're down less than 10% as an example. And auto, believe it or not, was down minus 2% versus the minus sort of 10% to 15%, it was down. So we're actually seeing an uptick and improved performance in our base in those areas that were actually hit the hardest. So that's sort of the macro environment that I would say. And I would actually reiterate what Michelle and I talked about earlier, which is, our focus and innovation on payments is working, because although consumer spending has moderated a bit, our total charge volume is growing 25%, which is quite healthy and significant. So that's what we're seeing on the small business side. On the Consumer side, two things I would say. And remember, we have nearly 100 million consumers on our platform. So this is really indicative of the world outside of our platform. Since March of last year, credit scores are down about 13 points and credit card balances are up a little bit over 20%. Those that are hit the hardest are those that are in the credit band of 600 to 660, where their average balance on their credit card is like $9,000. So that's the -- a little bit of the state of the world on the consumer side. Hopefully, that answers your question, Alex.
Sasan Goodarzi: Alex, I'm glad you got it in. I'm surprised it took till the top of the hour for somebody to ask, so thank you for asking. It's actually a really important question. And I want to take you all back to – AI is core to our strategy. And now that everybody is talking about AI, I'm actually delighted because hopefully, it will expose to all of you why four years ago, when we refreshed our strategy, it was about being an AI-driven expert platform. And the investments that we've made in data and AI is really what's fueled a lot of our innovation across the company. And as you heard us talk about at Investor Day, it's why we put Marion in front of you all, we're just at the beginning of the curve as to what's possible. So first and foremost, the investments around data and AI is, what's fueling our success. And we've been looking at generative AI. In fact, there are multiple areas across our platform, where we've launch some of the capabilities of generative AI because it's all about reducing work and finding ways to put more money in your pocket with confidence, and it actually helps our experts. The key areas that we are focused on working with a couple of companies in this area is accuracy. And it will become more accurate over time, but we deal with people's money. And that matters in terms of the advice that we give. For us, this is all an accelerant, which, by the way, we've been working on for many, many, many months before this became sort of the buzz. But AI is core to our strategy. So we're delighted with the possibilities of the future.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Well, listen, thank you, everybody, for your time. Thank you for your wonderful questions. Once again, I want to thank Michelle for 20 years at Intuit. She'll be back with us, by the way. She's with us through August, and delighted with Sandeep joining us as our new CFO in August. But with that said, we'll talk to you at next earnings until then, be safe, be good. Talk soon. Bye, everybody.
