Sasan Goodarzi: All right. Well, thank you, Sandeep. And to wrap it up, we are confident in our AI-driven expert platform strategy and progress across our five big bets and creating a future of done for you with a gateway to human expertise. We believe this will change our relationship with customers, becoming their trusted adviser, leading to higher engagement and monetization. The combination of our assets and our strategy creates a growth flywheel for Intuit to accelerate at penetrating our $300 billion in TAM. With all of that said, let's now open it up to your questions.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Thank you for your question. And I actually think it's a really interesting question that you're asking in terms of how are we learning across platforms. The short answer is we capture best practices and share the insights on a daily basis across our teams. And in fact, I'll just use our staff as an example. We get weekly slacks with documents that share the best practices, the progress that has been made and how that informs the next week across each of the platforms. And we spend 80% of my staff meeting actually doing product reviews of Intuit Assist. A big large part of it is what the key best practices are, learnings are. And I would tell you that there's a lot of commonality in themes across our learnings across the platform, which actually is simply putting us in a position to accelerate our pivot and our progress and innovation and the timing of going GA across the platform. To your second question, no, we're not impacted by the chip shortage. It does not at all impact our launch plans.
Sasan Goodarzi: Thanks for the question, Keith. I'll take your first one. What you're seeing from us in Mailchimp is entirely execution. We're not getting tailwinds from the macro environment. And as I mentioned, when we closed the acquisition a while back, that our biggest opportunity was to be clear about our product improvements, our lineup and to be able to create one growth platform, develop strength internationally and go to mid-market. And by the way, we've made a lot of progress in all of those areas. We still have a lot of work ahead of us, to be clear. But everything that you're seeing is based on our execution and no macro tailwinds.
Sasan Goodarzi: Thanks for the question, Siti. As you know, we've been in this macro environment for some time now. And the small businesses that we serve are resilient for a couple of reasons. One, they're on our platform. And by digitizing what they do, which is how they grow customers and managing their cash flow, they are far more resilient and as we've shared before, anybody that's on our platform is nearly 20 points higher in their success rate than those that are not on our platform. So we are part of sort of the health that we're experiencing on our platform. With that as context, I would just share a couple of data points. One, the number of companies and the number of employees that our small businesses are hiring still remains strong. Two, our total online payments volume grew 21%, which means that our small businesses are continuing to be competitive. and -- and serving their consumers. I also remind us, by the way, I think, a year ago or more, that growth was in the 30% plus. And so we have seen an impact, but just our overall platform is very resilient. And then the last thing I would say is that the cash reserves of our small businesses is 90% of where it was this time last year. However, it's 128% of where it was pre-pandemic. So their cash flow is stronger than several years ago, but 10% down from last year. And then very specifically, as you know, we serve service-based businesses, which is about 70% of the market. We're not concentrated in any one particular area. But you'll see place things like auto repairs and -- that are doing well, professional services that are doing well. But just like pure construction, those that do lending not doing well. So there's sort of ups and downs across the small businesses that we see. But in aggregate, the health comes from the numbers that I shared with you.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, that was really driven by a larger price increase last year versus this year. That was really the only -- the driver. We liked what we saw in terms of our acquisitions, our retention. So that's really the variance.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Well, I'll answer your question in two ways. One, as you heard in our prepared remarks, we saw and we anticipated further tightening by our partners. By the way, it happened exactly the same time last year. And so we expected that as a -- our partners prepare for the end of the fiscal year and next year, there would be some further tightening, and that's really what we saw. And that was included in our expectations and in our guidance as we thought about the year. That's number one. Number two, there -- not everything is linear because it depends on the number of days like a month like November based on in the US, based on Thanksgiving week, the number of days that people take off that actually impacts certain behaviors. And so there is no linearity. But the quarter just in total was in line with what we expected.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, sure. Let me answer your question in two ways because I think they're -- it's a great question, and it's connected. First of all, the biggest insight and learning that we have had is, it's really important to have embedded benefits where the customer is doing the work versus sort of something on the side where the assistant is there to help the customer. So what I mean by that is while a customer is looking to build a marketing campaign right within the flow, we, in essence, help them with the audience they should segment, the audience they should target and then we will build their marketing campaign for them, but with them in complete control. So that's a really -- it may sound really obvious, but it's a really important learning, which, by the way, translates to also what we learned in tax, which is within the flow of helping a customer understand their money outcome, helping them understand and doing accuracy checks for them. And if they miss something, calling it out so they can address it right then and there. Those are examples that, by the way, is consistent across all of our platform workflows where embedded matters a lot. The second is depth, depending on the customer and what they're trying to do, there's a level of depth that they want to go to. So an example is within QuickBooks, one of the things that we've been testing and it's been testing really well is a business summary. And the business summary, in essence, provides what we believe are the most important things that, that customer should know and the customer that engages with those business insights and ultimately, will create reports or ask more questions. What we've learned is we're not building propensity models in terms of the timing of when to connect them to an expert. That's a monetizable event for us because if not, you can go on and on having a Q&A and ultimately not get to the benefit as quickly as possible. So those are major insights and learnings and those insights and learnings have led to how we're thinking about monetization. In the case of Mailchimp, having GenAI SKUs based on the things that we can do for customers automatically on their behalf. In the case of QuickBooks and by the way, TurboTax it's a monetizable event because it's a gateway to human expertise and expert help. And then we will be testing GenAI specific SKUs also in QuickBooks. So those are illustrative examples of based on the benefits that we're learning about what's important to customers, that then informs how we think about price testing. And so far, we're pleased with what we're learning and how fast we're pivoting as a company.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, sure. Let me answer your question on two dimensions. One, there was a macro element, which there were just more filers in the extension season than we anticipated, both by the way, states that extended and states that did not extend. And these are more complex filers and it's actually our sweet spot. It's why we were able to take share in this extension season. And so that's one element of what drove our better-than-expected results. The three areas that we're excited about, these have been durable priorities where we did a lot of tests and experiments and got a lot of green shoots and learnings that will lead into this coming tax season, it's Credit Karma platform, it's TurboTax Live and its Intuit Assist. And I'll briefly touch on each of them. Within the Credit Karma platform, we have more seamlessly built out the tax experience, whether you want to do it yourself or you want somebody to do it for you. And we've been -- we've developed very compelling SKUs within the Credit Karma platform, which having the opportunity to serve 42 million monthly active users that engage five times a month, was not only a great product, but a great set of SKUs. we saw green shoots and we're excited about that as we look at. The second is TurboTax Live. We expanded the scale of our data, AI and expert network. What that means is, and I'll just point out in two areas. One is the fact that for many customers that want to hand off all their taxes to us, we can get their taxes done within an hour. And that's a very big deal to be able to engage an expert, have your data available and get their taxes done in one setting and then also being able to serve business tax customers, which we'll be launching at scale. Those were areas of green shoots. And the last is Intuit Assist. Two big areas. One is accuracy checks and making sure that in place, we help the customer, in essence, correct something that we believe is a mistake. That's a big conversion driver, by the way. And then the second is just explaining refunds, explaining their money outcome, which is all done and driven by Intuit Assist leveraging our knowledge engineering capabilities and our GenAI capabilities. So those are the three things along with the macro where we saw green shoots that give us a lot of confidence as we head into season.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Got it. Thanks for the question. So I'll start with Mailchimp. As we talked about, one of our top priorities includes international. We've spent quite a bit of time and investment in translating to local languages, building out a team that can focus on EMEA and third, making sure that we've got the right pricing lineup and go-to-market plan. And we're executing against that. We like what we see. And it's contributing to the numbers that we reported. And I would say, for us, it's the balance of focus between US and international. We see an enormous opportunity in US and in international. So we have the right balance focus as we think about the geographies. The second, in terms of cross-sell as we shared at Investor Day, we are a big part of the thesis behind the acquisition was to create one growth platform. And what we shared at Investor Day was that we are building an AI native CRM within the QuickBooks platform. We're continuing to make progress in testing and learning and pivoting to get the product market fit. When we get the product market fit. That's really where the cross-sell takes place. We've not assumed or anticipated any contribution from that in our guidance this year. But it's a very important long-term strategic priority. It's the reason why we acquired the platform is to ultimately have one growth platform where you can grow your customers and manage our cash flow all in one place. So that's on the Mailchimp front. On Bill Pay, we're pleased with the fact that we're GA and we -- and as I think noted earlier, what we're seeing with our mid-market customers is -- mid-market versus non-mid market customers, there's a 2x increase in those that are taking the subscription, the paid subscription. So that just means that we're adding value. We also have work ahead of us in Bill pay, things around batch payments, faster funding, all the things that we know we have to have. It's on our roadmap, and it will be launched in the future. So along with the fact that we're GA, we're clear on what the gaps are and what -- and it's on our roadmap, we're working feverishly to really be able to digitize B2B for our customers because we believe it's a big opportunity for our customers to improve their cash flow and a big growth opportunity for us in the long term. So that's the progress on both fronts.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, great question. I'll share two different perspectives in terms of what we're seeing. The first one is, it really doesn't matter what the economic environment is. If it's great, they don't behave differently. If it's challenging like it is now, they don't behave differently. We certainly don't see them -- any of our customers wanting not to switch because the economy is not good, which leads to the second point I wanted to make. So the headline on the first question is, it's not a tailwind or a headwind, whether it's good times or bad times. However, what I would say is we see some green shoots that's early when we do bundling for our customers. When we go to our customers and share with them that they can digitize all of their payments, all of their payroll and the benefits that it will have for our customers from a cash flow perspective, we see that having traction with our customers. And as we've continued to build out our sales team, we're doing, I think, a far better job of account management. And this is an area where if you look back five years ago, we didn't have the kind of value-added account management teams that we're building now where we're engaging our customers, they’re are hearing from us, right? We've been entirely a [self-sell] (ph) platform. And now that we're engaging our customers, a lot of them are starting to realize, wow, you have payments, I didn't realize you have payroll. I didn't you have time tracking. I didn't realize your own Mailchimp. And that is an opportunity for us to drive an increased penetration in wallet share. So I share that just to say that's where we're getting traction. That's where we're seeing progress, and that's where we see an opportunity as we look ahead.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, Kirk, the short answer is, it's early, but we're seeing green shoots, and it's primarily because of what I shared just a moment ago, as we're building out our account management team across Mailchimp and QuickBooks platform, as we're talking to our customers, and in fact, I personally spoke to three of them in the last month that are very large mid-market customers, two of them in LA and one of them in Miami. And it actually starts with -- they didn't know even know we have, Payments, Payroll. They didn't even know we're the same company that owns Mailchimp as an example. Some of them will use Mailchimp but they'll use QuickBooks. Some of them use our Payroll, but don't use our Payments and so the thing that we're inspired by and where we believe there's a big opportunity is the fact that we actually have a huge differentiation, which is around data, AI and network of experts and an ecosystem of applications. And the applications are all the things that a small business would want. And our account management team is really discovering for us the fact that our customers just don't know. And so therefore, we engage them, build relationships and talk about the benefits of all of our applications and then what could be done based on all of the capabilities that we have around AI and how that could fuel their success. That's what's really opening up doors for us is just the unknown. And that's what we're excited about as we continue to accelerate building out our talent management team. So I think the long answer to your short question is, yes, customers would prefer to be on one platform. And what we're learning is a lot of customers are not because they just actually don't even know what we do holistically, and that's the mission that we are on.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, sure. Thank you for your question. First of all, just to play back what I shared at the Investor Day, I said if I had to pick one that was the most important lever going forward, it's go-to-market. We are continuing feverishly to build out the product capabilities that we need on the platform because we don't plan to stop at 100 employees. Our plan is to serve mid-market customers over time that are far larger than 100. However, in the near term, sort of near and midterm, the biggest needle mover is go-to-market. And I would tell you that it continues to be bringing on the right skill sets of talent in sales and marketing. And so even in the last, I think, couple of quarters, it's been -- we've hired a very strong marketing leader. We're -- we've hired a very strong sales leader. We're hiring a couple of more sales leaders. We're bringing on account managers that have a lot of skill in selling and nurturing customers. Because when we think about mid-market, it's really about a lot of the examples I was using earlier, which is really helping customers understand they can run their business in one place on one platform and the benefits of doing so and what it will mean to their cash flow and particularly helping them understand our roadmap as a company and what we are doing with Intuit Assist, which is really creating a feature of done for you with always having a gateway to human expertise. And that's enticing for mid-market customers. So net-net, that's the way I would describe our focus area. But we want you to walk away to be we're continuing to invest in the product and in the platform because that's a big opportunity in the long term as well. In terms of health, I think it really -- it comes down to the sector, if you just use US as an example, comes down to the state, the sector that you're in. Generally speaking, based on our history looking backwards, larger, more tenured customers can withstand more of economic turmoil versus someone that literally just started out their business and they only have $100,000 in their savings and if that $100,000 is spent, then they're done, right, they go bankrupt. So it really depends on the size of the business, how long that they've been in business and then the segment that their business is in, all those variables play in. I wouldn't say younger ones are more or less healthy and the older ones are healthier. I would just say it depends on the components that I just described a moment ago.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Thanks for your question. First of all, I'll start with something that's really, really important, and that is the investments that we've made over the years where TurboTax is now one platform, and that platform is built on an incredible rich sort of data layer, AI layer and expert network. and now an ecosystem of apps, which is consumer app and business taxes. And the reason I start there is because now we have the ability in one place for you to do your taxes yourself, get help with an expert that's matched specifically to your needs and we can do your taxes for you. And in fact, you can request the same person to do your taxes for you year in and year out and provide advice along the way. The reason I started with that foundational element that we are one platform is as we go to market and start talking to customers about the notion of that choice with us, and we can do everything for you, it actually creates a halo effect. And so what we will look at are metrics around number of customers, conversion, retention, ARPC across the entire franchise. And we also look at it by area. So very specifically, Full Service plays a very important halo effect because it's an element of confidence. It's actually knowing that if I want to hand everything off to someone that Intuit can now do it for me, whether it's virtually or now locally, if I want to connect to an expert. But ultimately, the metric that will matter the most for Full Service is going to be ARPC because it's not just the numbers game. It's the value of these customers. We, of course, will measure a number of customers and ARPC, but ARPC will have the largest impact to our outcomes this year and in the future because now we do your taxes for you as a consumer and as a business.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, Brad, thank you for your question. And it's actually spot on the way you asked it, and that is we view our opportunity as nearly 100 million customers that are either consumers, which is about 88 million of the 100 million and the rest are our business customers, small businesses. We view our opportunity going after them, which is a combination of small pros, mom-and-pop shops, stores is actually a smaller part of the whole pie. And in the last, I would say, 18 months, we've experimented a lot with how do we go after these customers, how do we raise awareness, how do we get them to consider and ultimately, how do we ensure that when they come to our front door, front door is a service front or not a software front door because of the behaviors that they have. And a lot of those both go-to-market and platform insights and learnings is what has informed a number of things that I touched on earlier that we experimented with and ran test in the tax extension season and what we feel good about going into this coming season. So it was a long answer to your question, but yeah, a lot of those insights have informed our game plan because we're not just the software platform, we're a software and service platform, given who we're focused on serving. And by the way, while I have the floor, the same thing applies to small businesses as we think about what we're doing to embed QuickBooks Live in our offering.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Thank you for your question. First of all, I'll start with, based on our insights and learnings from last year, we really took an approach to be intentional and prudent about the guidance that we provide, which means taking into account not only a macro environment, but also not just banking, a bunch of initiatives in the back half of the year. We're aggressive in the initiatives that we're working on, but we did not make them into our guidance because we just wanted to be thoughtful and prudent. With that as context, I would -- I love your question about Karma Guarantee because we haven't explicitly been talking about it and it's not because it's not important anymore. It's because of the way we are now thinking about it and incorporating it into several areas. One is you've heard us talk about the entire app redesign, which is far more focused on putting the right benefits in front of the customers at the right time, which we talked about at Investor Day, that coupled with Intuit Assist. And the example I used in earlier was the fact that prime customers spend literally four or five hours doing comparison shopping between credit cards because they can get whatever credit card they want, but they're looking for the perps. Now we can automatically do that for them based on all of the data and everything that we know about them. So you combine the app redesign with Intuit Assist and our focus on prime customers. Karma Guarantee plays an important role helping customers, particularly those that have a hard time getting access to financial products, guarantee them that if they choose what's in front of them that they're going to be approved for it or we'll put $50 in their bank account. So the combination of those things is what the set of initiatives are that we are focused on that we expect will drive engagement, higher frequency and monetization. And we've not included that in our guidance, but it's very important for the future growth of the business. Not only that, and I'll end with this, tax is an enormous part of it. We've now spent several years thinking about how does every interaction and move a customer mix in the Credit Karma platform? How does that inform what that will mean to their taxes. So that when it's tax time, it's a much more seamless experience along with compelling offers. So taxes now, as we look ahead, such an important part of the life of the member and our focus area within Credit Karma. And all of those combined is what we have high hopes for in the future. Again, not in our guidance but important for the future.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sorry to have interrupted you. I was just going to say thank you for all the questions, and we look forward to hearing from everyone next quarter. Until then, be safe. Bye, everybody.
Sandeep Aujla: And on the margin question, Keith -- on the margin question, let me start by reiterating our commitment to having our expenses growth lower than revenue and in essence, delivering our margin expansion and operating leverage, which is something that we hold dearly and our guidance of 40 to 60 bps expansion for the year reflects the discipline that we have as a management team. On the margin for the quarter, I would share that, I won't get too fixated on the quarterly number. We had some expenses that moved out of the quarter into later parts of the year, including some marketing expenses. And as I shared during the prepared remarks, we are committed to our full year guidance on our operating income. So that's what I would guide you and the teams towards.
Sandeep Aujla: And Brad, what I'll add is beyond just the QuickBooks side, we also are seeing strong progress on the Mailchimp side in terms of mid-market where historically before we acquired the company was not a focus and now with some of the stuff was Sasan mentioned, including account management, better onboarding, we're seeing better customer acquisition on the mid-market as well as better retention year-over-year in the mid-market, so that opportunity extends beyond just the QuickBooks for us across the entire platform, including Mailchimp.
Sandeep Aujla: Kartik, we are continuing to invest across our product, across the Big Bet, across GenAI, across marketing and particularly as we go to Full Service, we want to make sure that we are expanding our brand's equity beyond the DIY category to the Full Service. But I would not expect any meaningful shift in the seasonality of our marketing spend, which I think is the question that you're asking. So -- and I feel pretty good about the campaigns and the investments we've been making across the go-to-market motion across tax as well as the other segments.
Sandeep Aujla: Sure. Thanks for the question, Scott. The way I would think about the Q1, we had multiple expenses that moved out of the quarter into later parts of the year, and marketing was one of those expense lines, and I would not say that marketing was the lion's share of it. There were several things that we expected will hit us in October that got pushed out, but I would definitely not take away as marketing being the lion's share of items that got pushed out. And you're right, some of those will get caught up, and we'll have those expenses in Q2 and so once you look at Q1 and Q2 spent together, those things will start normalizing out. Again, I'll bring you and the team back to the fact that you should all be focusing on our margins on a full year basis. In any given year, we could have different expense trend lines. So again, we remain confident in our guidance for the full year across the margins for the company.
