Brad Smith: Thank you, Neil. This afternoon, we've put a lot of energy into explaining this tax season, because we know you're focused on it and quite frankly, there's a lot of moving parts this year. At the risk of being redundant, I'll reinforce: it's not if they will file but when they will file. And we still like our position, our momentum and our game plan a lot. We have momentum in all of our core businesses, and across the company, we're benefiting from the secular tailwinds towards more digital Connected Services. We have leading Software-as-a-Service as well as increasingly mobile solutions to capitalize on these tailwinds, and they're generating growing, reliable revenue streams. We also have interesting adjacent opportunities in Global and Healthcare, which provide lots of headroom in large and growing markets. If we execute well in these areas, we believe that we can add several points of growth over the next few years.  Again, we're on track for our full year guidance. We're not getting distracted by quarterly shifts. We have a proven strategy that is delivering in the short term while building the foundation for long-term business results and increasing shareholder value. I want to thank our employees once again for another strong quarter. And with that, let's open it up to you for your questions.
Brad Smith: Yes, Brian, on the second part of your question, trying to extrapolate out from what we've reported and figure out where we might end up for the year, we're feeling solid about our guidance we've provided for the full season, which is 10% to 13%. I'll also give you a worst-case scenario. If tax filings were flat with the IRS year-over-year, if we did not gain any share and the category did not grow at all and we only saw a modest increase in revenue per tax filer, we'll still be in the guidance range. We clearly aren't seeing those things happen right now. We actually are seeing category growth. I mentioned earlier that we -- you seeing the share in retail through NPD. And we have our own internal data that tells us how we're doing online, which is also positive. And so our guidance of 10% to 13% remains our outlook for the season.
Brad Smith: On the first part, yes, we are continuing to see the momentum build. So we see what's happening in the market now and what we have in place for the balance of the season, leading us to the outcome we talked about. On the second piece, on the Free File Alliance, quite frankly, there's some confusion in the market. The messaging around when you could file your taxes, who should wait, who could go ahead and file, has got quite a few people confused. We're hearing that through our own customer calls and our own survey research. And so what you see in the Free File Alliance, I think, is just indicative of confusion. I wouldn't read too much into that. I think at the end of the season, everything will net out, and I think things will become much more clear on April 18.
Brad Smith: Yes, Brian, it does. The 1% growth that we reported included the returns that we had queued up and saved for the IRS, so when they were ready to accept, we could send them. And as we talked during that February 1 to February 12, we've seen that number accelerate tremendously. And so it does include those tax filers that had queued up.
Brad Smith: Our expectations are consistent with what we've seen over the last decade, which is mid-single-digits has been Software category growth overall.
Brad Smith: Our current results in the market are suggesting that we are taking share. Our ability to actually land within the guidance range does not require us to take share, but we never start a year with an assumption of staying flat. We start a year with taking share, and that's what we're aiming to do.
Brad Smith: We have our own survey results as well as some external third parties that we use. And we corroborate that data, and then we'll match that up with any sort of public announcements that come out from competition later, just to make sure that we're in the same zip code.
Brad Smith: Yes, well, we do have some tougher comps in the second half. We feel good about our guidance for the full year, but I'll tell you, that momentum in that business continues to build. The product is very strong. The shift to Connected Services, so the move to online, and our Enterprise full-service plan as well as the Websites continues to ramp up. And so we're only seeing goodness right now, and we think you're going to continue to see strong results from Small Business in the back half of the year and heading into fiscal year '12.
Brad Smith: Let me make sure I parse what you're hearing in terms of confidence into two pieces. You're hearing me and us feel very constructive about our teams' execution. That leadership team and those engineers are putting really good work into the products, and we're getting good results in the marketplace. In terms of the overall macro, we are seeing some subtle signs of improvement. If you look at the Small Business Employment Index, it's improved over the last six quarters. If you look at our charge volume per merchant, this is only the second quarter in 10 quarters we've seen it improve, but it has improved. And we are hearing some signs out there in the marketplace that banks are trying to lend more to small businesses. But that being said, we're not counting on any rapid recovery for Small Business in the macro. We're simply counting on our ability to execute, which is why you hear us giving the guidance that we're giving today.
Brad Smith: I'll take first part and I'll have Neil tag team on the second. On the first part, honestly, we're letting the market choose. I think over the past few years, we've either leaned one way or the other and we haven't gotten the maximum results. So now we let customers decide if they want to go online with QuickBooks Online, or if they want to use our desktop product and still have their data in the cloud and access it through mobile devices. And I think you see the natural adoption of online services continue. It’s five quarters of accelerating growth as you pointed out. So we do have advertising right now for QuickBooks Online on the television, which is building awareness. We, obviously, have it as one of the solutions you can choose on the website. But I think what you basically see is the market moving more towards Software-as-a-Service, and that's accelerating the growth in that space. But we certainly aren't pushing it one way or the other, but letting the market choose. And Neil, you can take the deferred revenue piece.
Brad Smith: You may remember in the last quarter, we had a competitor who had run some pretty deep discounts in a couple of the retail chains. Discounts that we had actually tried a year ago, and we determined they weren't effective for not only driving unit growth but also maintaining profitability, so we chose not to do that. So what you saw is us growing over some aggressive discounting and backing off this year, and a competitor actually taking our last year playbook and giving the same thing a try. What you now saw on the second quarter is just more consistent execution in the market. We're using targeted discount, nothing super deep. And I think the natural marketplace returned to equilibrium, with us getting the 90%-plus share again.
Brad Smith: A couple of things. One is one of the first things that small businesses need when they get started is the ability to be found so that they can have customers access them. So they want to get a website and get up and running. And I think you see that happening right now with our Websites. The other is we've been promoting the Websites. It's a great new front door for us to get people into the Intuit franchise. So we've been running ads and we've been promoting it online. And the neat thing about it, as you said, is not just the subscriber growth being up 32%, but it's been a wonderful front door for us to attach our Payments services. We're adding a large number of new Payments customers every month. So right now, it's all good, and as long as small businesses are getting started and still half of them don't have a website, we see that business continuing to grow over the long term.
Brad Smith: Yes, we'll have to watch the category gains over time. The IRS will report data at periodic times throughout the season in terms of the types of methodology. So our research is internal on the software category. But if you look over the last decade and you just think about the demographic shift, or some of the stuff that we were talking about earlier, people moving online, you will see that, that software category has grown at three to four times faster than any other method in the market for a decade. So we see that continuing. In terms of our share, retail is measured by NPD, an external third party, and they publish data. And you'll see that they suggest that we've actually picked up share in retail this year, the bigger gain’s online, on the web. And our data, corroborated with the external third-party sources that we subscribe to, suggest that we're also picking up share on the web. So that's the sources of the data, and that's how our outlook is right now in terms of how we're competing versus the other alternatives.
Brad Smith: We saw it as a broad-based improvement. Total charge volume was up about 10%. I think that's pretty consistent with some of the card processors you hear reporting their numbers. Quite frankly, our revenue was lagging a little bit, because we had an opportunity to pass through some interchange fees as a price increase that we didn't jump on right away. But net-net, merchant growth is healthy. Charge volume seems to be getting a little bit stronger and is consistent with what we're hearing from others as well, so we think it's starting to build more momentum now.
Brad Smith: So on Mint. That business continues to do well. We're adding subscribers at a record clip. We've doubled the number of people using the product versus this time last year, increasingly more adoption with mobile. And the things that we're doing with Mint, is they -- quite frankly, it's impacted many parts of our culture. You saw a new and improved Quicken this year because we took some of the best thinking from Mint and improved Quicken, and we've seen strong growth in Quicken. We've also begun to think differently about new revenue models, using what we call beyond user paid, which is how do we take some of the learning of Mint, where you have a free product and then have other services that are available to the customer that someone's willing to pay us for. And we're introducing that thinking across the company. The last thing I meant is we took Mint to Canada, and it's the first global expansion of the product, and it is doing equally well in Canada in terms of a run rate as it was doing in the U.S. And so that gives us a nice outlook for what Mint could be capable of doing beyond Canada and the U.S. So I'll put a bow around Mint to say things are looking good. The core product's performing, and they're also introducing new concepts for other products. Intuit Money Manager, as you may remember, it's a Mint-like or a Quicken Online-like product that we built in India for India, and we're currently selling it through Moneycontrol, which is a finance portal. We also introduced it about four weeks ago through ICICI, which is one of the largest banks in India. And it has been adding tens of thousands of customers over the last three to four weeks. Our plans for going beyond India at this point are not anything that we've communicated, because we want to make sure that we can sustain the kind of progress we've seen in India. And if that continues, then we'll look to see if there are other countries that we can potentially introduce that product to. But right now, we still have a lot of learning ahead of us, and we want to make sure we've got something that's really compelling for the long term. The last is Websites, and honestly, what we've done is we've tried to narrow the focus of the team to do two things: continue to deliver and get more subscribers to come in on a great website experience; and the second is to then attach the next most logical product, which is Payments. So we aren't doing a lot of attach to QuickBooks. We're not trying to introduce Payroll and lots of other services right now, because we think there's so much opportunity in staying laser-focused on getting more subscribers and, once you get a customer, actually getting paid for our Payments service. So that's been our focus right now. We do think there's other things that, that front door can introduce over time. So hopefully that covered all three of your questions.
Brad Smith: Scott, it honestly came down to execution. MasterCard had passed through some interchange fees a while back. We made a conscious decision for the first quarter not to pass them through, because we wanted to see improvement in the economy and make sure that the customers felt good about the value prop. We then implemented the actual fee, and we built it into the workflow and we missed a few opportunities. And so at the end of the day, customers who should have and could have been paying, the price that they should have been paying just didn't get it. So we now have isolated the opportunity. We're going back in. And you'll see us be taking advantage of that and passing through the fees as we should have and could have. And we think you'll see that filter through the balance of the year.
Brad Smith: I know it is, Scott, and I don't want to suggest that it comes from price. What we are getting is each year, we're getting better at improving our revenue per tax filer in a couple of ways. We're getting smarter about converting free customers to paid customers. We're also getting a more favorable mix, as it becomes clear to the tax filer which product offering is right for them. Ad so we see them selecting sometimes the right product for them that may be further up the food chain in terms of a price. And I think, overall, that's what you're seeing happening in terms of increasing our revenue per tax filer. It's still a competitive market out there. We've got good prices relative to the competition. But we're getting favorable breaks in terms of mix, and we're just better executing in terms of free-to-paid conversion.
Brad Smith: I would tell you, Scott -- first of all, we are very excited about SnapTax hot out of the gates. Over half a million people downloaded the app. That obviously is an opportunity for us to continue to build on. We think that where they're coming from, first, is they're new to the franchise. They're first-time tax filers. And the second is those that may have been filing were typically using a free product, because it tends to be who attracts -- the EZ-filers tend to come in on a free product, which is a good niche for us. Because when you actually use SnapTax, you use the app for free, and then if you want to e-file it, you pay roughly $15. So we think that this is an exciting product for us. It's introducing new people to tax software who haven't used it before. Where it's helping do better free-to-paid conversion, and we'll see over time at the end of the season how it all plays out.
Brad Smith: Scott, we don't break out the attach in the mix. I will say that RT continues to be a value proposition that our customers like. And we continue to make that a part of our offering, and the customers who want to take advantage of it are. And I think at the end of the day, that's just part of the guidance that we've provided in terms of our outlook for the season. But I appreciate the question.
Brad Smith: Well, Ross, I think what caught us all off guard was just how much confusion there was in terms of people understanding whether they were or they weren't supposed to file. So we got proactive. You saw a lot of press releases coming out from us saying, "You don't have to wait. You can actually file and we'll take care of it, and we'll queue it up. And when IRS is ready, we'll send it to them." But the more surveys we did, the more customers we talked to, there was quite frankly just confusion. So yes, we were surprised that the market was frozen as much as it was in the early part of the season. And we're not surprised now that, as it's starting to clear and the IRS has communicated that they're open for business, that we're starting to see the ramp-up that we expected.
Brad Smith: Yes, Ross. We're in market today. So this year, for customers who are buying QuickBooks 2011, they have the ability to leverage the Intuit PaymentNetwork. And we're actually seeing a good uptake on that. It won't be material in the near term, but we hope that we can continue to refine the value proposition and show customers the benefit of just sending an electronic invoice and then having a customer just pay them electronically back. So right now, it is in market with QuickBooks 2011. And right now, all systems are go and we like the results we're seeing so far, but it's very early days.
Brad Smith: Stephanie, first of all, it's clearly a trend that everyone is embracing, and we need to make sure that we understand it's not a phone anymore. It's a computer in the palm of a hand, whether it's an iPad or a tablet or it's an iPhone or an Android phone. And so we need to make sure that we're able to help the customers solve the problems with the solutions we have through whatever device they want to use. So that's why you hear us talking about this. We have all kinds of different models, depending upon what kind of service we offer. For example, with QuickBooks this year, you can buy Connected Services, and you can get access to some of your key information through your mobile device by buying the QuickBooks product. In SnapTax, you can download the app for free, actually do your calculations by taking a picture of your W-2 and answering a couple of questions. And then if you choose to e-file it, you pay $14.99 or $15. And then we have other, like mobile banking where it's a transaction or per usage fee. So it really comes down to the kind of offering that we have. And we are monetizing many of our mobile offerings today. In some cases, they're just natural extensions of one of our other products, where the customer paid for a product and we're offering this as a [indiscernible] (0:51:38) added service. We're going to learn more and continue to get smarter as this becomes more a reality across all of our businesses.
Brad Smith: It's interesting. I think it comes down to who you're talking to in terms of the target. We typically try to go after the top talent and the top technology, and so even in the depths of the recession, we didn't have anybody that was willing to sell their companies for a low price. So the valuations out there, I think, are all relative. And I certainly would tell you that there's lots of very neat companies in the market that are getting some traction and getting a lot of attention. And we simply want to make sure that it strategically accelerates our big game plan. And then, if it makes sense for us and our shareholders, we'll make an acquisition. But right now, the overall valuations in the market are, I think, representative of the quality of the companies you see getting started.
Brad Smith: If we deliver above the guidance, we'll have to deal with that decision when we get there. We've got investment opportunities now, but quite frankly we produce quite a strong cash flow, and we're able to make those decisions along the year. And at the end of the year, once we actually see how everything tallies up, then we'll certainly make the right decision. But right now, I just want to make sure our team stays focused on delivering in the guidance range that we've provided to you and to the rest of The Street.
Brad Smith: There's three key levers in that business. One is acquiring more financial institutions, because what you get with that is contracted end users, how many potential end users can you market Online Banking and Bill Pay and other services to. We actually had a contract bank that's moved from the second quarter into the back half of the year. I think you're going to see contracted end users continue to pick up steam in the second half. Then you get into the adoption of Online Banking and Bill Pay. And today, of all the banks that we have, only 25% of their customers are using Online Banking and 15% are using Bill Pay. That's why you see very healthy growth as our teams have gotten in there and made the experience a lot easier. So we grow Internet Banking 10% this quarter and Bill Pay, 23%. That is tremendous leverage for this business. And then the third is to introduce additional services. And we had rolled out Personal Finance Works, and that continues to do well. Last year, we had TurboTax Online Banking, which did a nice pop. And this year, it's already available to 13% more end users. And then the last is mobile banking, it's taking off like wildfire. So those are the three key levers. You'll see contracted end users continue to grow, you'll see us continue to get better at driving adoption of Online Banking and Bill Pay and we'll be introducing additional services like mobile banking. And that's why you heard the confidence from Neil and me that we think this business has the potential to be double-digit growth. We just have to continue to execute.
Brad Smith: About 240,000, I think, is the total online subscribers. And that continues to build. In terms of the number of people coming over, about 70% of QuickBooks Online are actually new to the franchise, and the other 30% have actually moved over from an existing QuickBooks product. And there's an interesting little subplot to that, because we often track QuickBooks units. And as you know, an average customer will upgrade in QuickBooks once every three years, at an average price of, call it $190 to $200. With QuickBooks Online, you may not have that unit show up every year, but you actually have a subscription service at $24.95 a month, and they stay with you over multiple years. And so that's a win for us, even if some of the customers from Desktop move over to Online. Because we have other services like Online Payroll that they can buy as well. So we've got a good ecosystem for Online just like we do for Desktop.
Brad Smith: Yes, it does impact the increase in merchants. And in terms of competition, there's quite a few mobile payments products out there today. Some of them are being written up in blogs and in newspapers, and some others are lesser-known. And really, our competition is helping people start to accept payments through a mobile phone that aren't doing today. We view that as the competition. It's the inertia of the customer, not necessarily the names that we're reading in all these articles. And that's where we're laser focused, on how to make it easy for the customer to adopt this service.
Brad Smith: We haven't really done the math that way, and so I would not want to toss a number out and then have you be confused by the number later as we adjust it. So let's just say that it is contributing, and what we do know is since we introduced this new value prop, of the free card swiper and the no monthly fee, that we've tripled the daily subscriptions. And so we're excited about the future of this product.
Brad Smith: Yes, Michael, it's still too early to tell. We can tell you how many people downloaded, which I referred to a few minutes ago, and it continues to increase big numbers every day. We'll have to watch conversion throughout tax season and we'll know at the end of the year.
Brad Smith: Michael, I'm going to give a shot at this, but I'm going to tell you, just sit down with a pencil, because this has got some moving parts. The reason being is there was an extra day up till January 31 last year versus this year. So last year through January 31 to this year through January 31, our number of tax filers were down 5% in total. If you adjust for the extra day and you normalize it, that's what's on the fact sheet, which is actually up a couple of percentage points this year. What matters is what's happened from February 1 to February 12, where total units have grown 11% and Online's grown 16%. So forget all the funky math of an extra day up to January 31 or not, what it basically says is we've got out of the gate slow, and now we're moving into hyper speed, and we've got some extra days at the end of April because it's been pushed out to April 18 this year. And so that's why we feel that our guidance for 10% to 13% is doable for this tax season.
Brad Smith: So the fact sheet will show it's been normalized for the extra day. And that's the number that I'd probably would ask you to refer to, because we'll get confused if we try to explain it. I think the macro math is the most important. And the macro math is whether it's down 5% without an extra day or up 1% or 2% with the day adjusted through January 31. It's what happened since and what we think is going to happen in the balance of the season that really matters, and that is we are moving at double-digit growth now, and that's the kind of range we expect as we move to the balance of the year. I know it's confusing. Believe me, we've taken all kinds of time to try to adjust for everything that we can see, and that's about as clear as we can explain it.
Brad Smith: Michael, honestly, I don't have a lot of details on the Schedule C filing challenges. So we can follow up with you offline on that.
Brad Smith: We have heard nothing to that effect through our client base, on the accountant professional side or on the consumer side.
Brad Smith: We're very proud of that product, and it grew its units 24% in this past quarter. The answer to your question is about 70% of those customers are stretchers. They've outgrown QuickBooks Pro or Premier and they move up the line. And 30% are switchers who've decided that they get equal to, or better than, a value proposition at about a third the price to the other competitors in the market. And so they're converting over from other mid-market ERP or software solutions. And we think that value proposition continues to resonate well, and we continue to see that business growing at the clip that you've been seeing for the last several quarters.
Brad Smith: You know it's basically using the same code with some additional functionality. And its price is much higher, so it's a very healthy margin product for us.
Brad Smith: Yes, there has been cross-promotion of TurboTax.com to Mint as well as to Quicken. The results are being reflected in our Other category right now. I think what you've seen in terms of the delay on the tax filing, on the TurboTax side, is also having some impact on the Quicken and the Mint products. But so far, the customers like the integration, and we think it's another additional way to help customers get some of their problems solved by using more than one of our products.
Brad Smith: You know the interest thing, Brent, as you said, is when you move into the SaaS world, you can sell products stand-alone or you can sell them in bundles, or you can make it easier to unlock a product in the workflow. QuickBooks Online has a good, better, best lineup, and one of those lineups includes Payroll service. And we're seeing a good uptick, right out of the gate, of customers wanting online accounting and payroll in a bundle. And so that's part of the mix and part of the favorability you're seeing in our overall revenue per customer. We also agree with you that by building that into the workflow, if they just buy the stand-alone accounting, we should have more opportunity to attach additional services, and we're really laser focused on that. So the bundles right now are working well, as well as our ability to sell additional services if they buy something stand-alone.
Brad Smith: Yes, Latif. Thank you. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. I also want to acknowledge that we know there's a lot of moving parts with this tax season. Appreciate the questions. Hopefully we were able to clarify the major points, and look forward to connecting with you offline if there's any other questions that we can answer. And I just want to wrap up by thanking our employees again for another strong quarter. And we're looking forward to speaking to you all in the next quarter. Take care, and have a great day.
R. Williams: As Brad mentioned on the call, we really saw the number of returns accelerate significantly in the latter part of February, the first two weeks. So what you're seeing there, reported for as January 31, is what we reflected, where the number of returns filed was less than we expected and the revenue's down from the last period. But as Brad also mentioned, and you can see in the release today, returns through the 12 days in February and for the period-to-date are coming back very strong, very much in line with what we expected for the full season and for the guidance that we gave.
R. Williams: Peter, just to continue down that path, the deferred revenue account is up nicely, and it reflects that shift to Connected Services. But we're not solving for the income statement impact there. I mean, the more money we have in subscription services, the more predictability we get and the more we can forecast our revenue out in future quarters. The key things driving the growth there are increases in our Connected Services business, like QuickBooks Online, our Online Payroll offerings and many other applications that we have in Financial Services. Every product segment we have has a subscription-based offering, websites, et cetera. So the revenue that we collect and that we bill to those customers is driving the growth in our deferred revenue accounts.
R. Williams: We have all of the above, Peter. But in some of our offerings, you sign up for an annual subscription and you pay an upfront fee, as well as an activity or transaction charge. So there's a significant portion of the revenue that's deferred from all those product categories, until pieces are delivered or until -- as long as we're providing support and maintenance to those services.
R. Williams: Yes, Ross, I think we probably have -- our view is we've worked through those type conversions from the Microsoft and from other people in the marketplace. And so we're kind of thinking about execution of our plans, building out the market and additional product offerings in that category. So I don't think there's much else inorganic to factor in at this point.
R. Williams: Well, Kash, we think you'll see an improving trend later this year in the next couple of quarters and in our guidance going into the next year. You ought to see those increased users and you ought to see the additional services that Brad mentioned reflect in the revenue.
R. Williams: This is Neil. Clearly, it's something we've got to watch out and we're thinking a lot about and doing some planning for the summer. But the debit business is about 20% of our total, and only about 10% of our overall revenue in payments. So it's going to have an impact, we have to watch carefully, but it's not going to be a huge impact for our Payments business is the assessment we have right now.
Bryan Keane: Just a question of -- to clarify on the tax. Does the 1% growth, does that include people who couldn't file because of the IRS delays? And I know they couldn't file until February 14.
Bryan Keane: And you do expect to take share in order to hit your numbers, or you don't need to take share to hit your numbers? I just want to clarify that point you made, Brad.
Bryan Keane: Yes, I think H&R is next week, so we'll check with that. And then just on the Small Business. Obviously the QuickBooks growth was impressive at 21%. Should we expect it to maintain at that growth level going forward in the next two quarters? Or do we run in to kind of tougher comps? And I know some of the pricing stuff anniversaries.
