Sasan Goodarzi: Great. Thank you, Sandeep. Let me close with three points. First, we're very well positioned to take advantage of the largest technological shifts of our era given Intuit strategy and five Big Bets with AI at the center as all we do. Second, given the green shoots we're observing, we are doubling down in key areas of our bets to accelerate growth. Third, we continue to recruit great technical and leadership talent across the company to accelerate our progress. In that context, I'd like to share that Greg Johnson recently returned as Executive Vice President, Intuit, Chief Commercial Officer and Global Small Business & Self-Employed Group Chief Revenue Officer. Greg is a world-class leader with nearly 10 years of experience at Intuit, leading TurboTax as the Head of Marketing and then as General Manager. I'm thrilled to have Greg back in Intuit. Now let's open it up to your questions.
Sasan Goodarzi: Hey, Keith, thank you very much for the complement and your question. Let me address your question in a couple of ways. First of all, I'll start with some of what we already shared, but it's important context in that we're really bullish in terms of what we saw with TurboTax Live going after the assisted segment because now you have a $1.4 billion business growing at 17%. And with that being 30% of the total TurboTax franchise, when we flip that over to, now it becomes 50%, 60% of the franchise, it really accelerates the growth of the entire TurboTax franchise. And what we demonstrated this year, I would almost say for the first time is, we moved the needle of taking share and assisted. When you look at the fact that -- although IRS grew 1%, most of that growth all happened in DIY, mainly with sort of three simple filer customers, assisted was flat, and that's where we took share. And I think that is a first sort of time of a sign that we're starting to build a flywheel effect that gives us a lot of confidence as we look into the future. I think the second thing that I would say is we -- because of our Credit Karma and TurboTax platform, we actually see the customers that are just really looking for a free tax software and are bouncing between platforms, and we are not interested in those customers. We're not interested in pursuing those customers, the cost of acquisition to get those customers when they simply are bouncing between platforms. We're really focused on quality of the customers, particularly because now we've just scratched the service in the assisted segment and what really matters is now accelerating the share take in the assisted segment. So that's really how we're thinking about it and what gives us confidence in not only what we delivered, but particularly in the future.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, absolutely. This year, particularly, we're very excited about what we saw and actually what didn't work. And let me, if I could, hit on both. First and foremost, Credit Karma has over 40 million monthly active users and a larger chunk of those 40 million plus active users are actually doing their taxes using the assisted method. And so that's an enormous opportunity for us. This year, we embedded the TurboTax experience within Credit Karma, and we're very aggressive pursuing those customers. And in fact, we drove traffic north of $10 million within Credit Karma, those that were interested in doing their taxes with TurboTax. That's why it resulted in a 76% growth of the number of TurboTax customers that use the embedded experience within Credit Karma. At the same time, what we are constructively dissatisfied are two very basic things that did not work well this year. One with seamless log in, the second was performance of the app. And what I mean by seamless log in is, out of those 10 million-plus customers that were in the bucket of traffic, about 25% of them when they click to start doing their taxes with us or have us do it for them, they didn't have any instruction. They could just get started right away, where 75% of them could not. There was a lot of friction. And that was just an element of time. We were not able to get to all the work that was required to get everyone to experience, in essence, no log in. And that's a big deal, and we're all over it already. The second is performance of the app. We worked very hard to embed the TurboTax experience within Credit Karma, but the performance of the app was not where it needs to be. When I say performance of the app, some of the time that it took was like eight to seven seconds just for the app to be able to load. That's unacceptable, and we saw a lot of drop off. Both of those are in our control. Both of those, we are already working on. But I share that as an example of -- we saw a huge green shoot with our focus this year on every Credit Karma member becoming a TurboTax customer. And there's two very basic things that we're constructively dissatisfied with that gives us actually a lot of confidence as we look into the future. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure, Siti, thank you for the question. Let me actually talk about the focus around money on two dimensions that we're very, very excited about. And as you also heard in our prepared remarks, this is an area where we are accelerating our investments. We are seeing a lot of green shoots with all the work that we've been doing in the last several years, really digitizing the whole process of estimating invoicing to getting paid and having multiple paying options along with the bill pay capabilities that we've built that we are now rolling out to our customers. We're seeing a lot of green shoots in both of those areas. You saw in a pretty tough macro environment. Our payments overall total payments volume was up 22%, and that's an area where we're accelerating our investment. That's on the small business side. The thing that we're also excited about is money focused across the TurboTax Credit Karma platform. We saw a lot of green shoots this year with a 20% or 28% increase of the number of customers that put their refund on a Credit Karma Money account. We're excited about it, not because of the 28%. We actually believe that could be far bigger. But because of the areas of friction that we are going to remove and the fact that we have opportunities to give much earlier access to their tax refund and actually monetize it. So those are the two areas across our small business and consumer platform that we are focused on and we're accelerating our investments across both of those platforms in the coming year.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, Alex, great question. Let me just -- one minute of context, and then I'll answer your question. Based on our estimates, we believe the IRS total returns will grow about 1%. And the majority of that, if not all of that will happen in the do-it-yourself category. The assisted category is generally flat, which is why we led with the fact that we are taking share. With that as context, it actually does not change our long-term goal post of we want to be able to increase share of total IRS returns. We also want to get there in the right way. So this year, I'm very comfortable with where we ended up because our entire focus was the assisted segment and high value, high average revenue per return filers. But over time, as TurboTax Live goes from being 30% of our franchise, growing at 17% to being 70% of our franchise. So that's when you're going to see us start moving the needle on increasing our share of the total IRS returns. And by the way, I would also liken this, although it's not directly at your question, I would liken this to the online desktop mix, if you think about the last five to 10 years in small business. We always said that once online becomes more than 50% of small business and then 60% and 70% over time because it's growing faster, it will actually accelerate the growth rate of the small business group. That is exactly what's happened. And we believe that same thing will happen in TurboTax as TurboTax Live goes from 30% to 70% one day, and that's what will result in our total share increasing of total IRS.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Great question. First of all, I'll reiterate what you heard from us earlier. The fact that the revenue decelerated was primarily because we're lapping a big price increase and some lineup changes from last year. The fundamental health of the business is consistent with what it was last quarter. So that's number one. Number two, our durable focus remains the same, which is -- we are integrating Mailchimp and QuickBooks. I'd be happy to talk about that more, if there are questions about it, two, mid-market, third, international. And we're being really very aggressive in international. In fact, I was just most recently in London, spent time with our new leader in Mailchimp that leads EMEA, that came from another company where he has built a really a large international business, and two, visited a number of customers and partners, and we're being very aggressive with our approach in what we've done with the platform, what we're doing with our pricing and then the marketing investments that we are making as we look ahead. And in fact, as I mentioned earlier, there are five areas where we are accelerating our investment. This is one of them. And so we're quite excited about the possibilities given the green shoots that we're seeing.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Thank you, and great to hear from you. The -- one of our fundamental execution philosophies that we have at the company is conviction on the long-term, ambitious testing and experimentation in the short term so that we can be nimble, we can learn and we can adjust. And really, the answer to your question is the five areas that you heard that we're accelerating our investments. I mean we are seeing green shoots with our learnings and insights with Intuit Assist, and we're accelerating our investments in GenAI. We -- as I talked about earlier, for the first time, we were increasing our share in the assisted segment. And so we're accelerating a number of areas with TurboTax Live. We are also embedding an expert within QuickBooks Live, within our entire small business platform where every offering will actually come with an embedded expert because we believe, based on green shoots that we've seen, that will improve conversion, it will also improve retention. And mid-market, I mean, we have been really assertive in building out capabilities in the platform. We have been asserted in building out our customer-facing capabilities from leadership all the way down to our frontline sales folks, and we're seeing great green shoots there to accelerate not only growing with our customers, but I'm hunting for new ones. And as you know, mid-market is not just about getting the customers, it's all the services that comes with the it, payments, payroll, live platform capability. So, Kash, those are the, I would say, key green shoots that we are seeing, all of which we are accelerating our investments currently, by the way, in the quarter and as we head into next year.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. Well, let me start actually with the -- what we're seeing on our platform with respect to the health of small businesses, if I could just do that for a moment. One of the things that we are seeing, if we look back from today versus the last three to four months, we're actually seeing some improvement in profitability of small businesses on our platform. And that's a good sign compared to the last couple of years. Now within that, the -- depending on the sector that you're in, your performance is driven by the environment. And so for instance, manufacturing -- areas like manufacturing, professional services, auto repair, their profits are actually up nearly 20%, where real estate lending, their profits are actually down 15%. So the net of it is overall, we've seen improvement, depending on the sector you're in, your performance varies. But the net of all of that is that cash reserves are down 8% compared to this time last year, but up over 16% compared to pre-COVID. So what you should take away is small businesses are healthier but their cash reserves have been impacted. And for those that are on our platform, by the way, over four years, their cash reserves are over 60% higher than those that have only been with us for a year. Last thing I would just say is hours worked is actually up compared to the last quarter. Specific to your payroll question, let me ask Sandeep to answer specifically what you asked about payroll.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, Brad, great question. I was actually in San Diego all day yesterday with the TurboTax team doing deep dives on all of these durable priorities. One of them was full service. First of all, I would tell you that across all of the states, across different income levels, across all complexities, very consistent. And I would say that if you heard -- not if you heard, if you reflect back on what I said in the remarks, that our new customers in full service tripled, an outsized element of that was those that are sort of younger, the millennials, and they are actually embracing full service as a cohort more than others, not by an incredible amount, but it stands out for us. So I think what we learned -- and that's a big deal by the way. What we learned is, we were successful just in one area. But I'll tell you the biggest area we are constructively dissatisfied when you look at our overall assisted performance. We were very aggressive with our go-to-market and not just spend but the beginnings of being able to recommend an expert, the beginnings of when you search for a local expert us showing up. There's a lot of infrastructure that we built. We drive a lot of traffic to our front doors. Where we are constructively dissatisfied is, we have to work on our shopping experience. When you walk into somebody's firm, a store or somebody's home to have them do your taxes for you, you're not presented with a set of SKUs. You just go in there and you exchange documents and they do their taxes for you. Our shopping experience has to be improved. That's where we saw the biggest drop off. So what we have a lot of confidence in is the demand that we created. And by the way, the performance. But the demand that we created was exceptional. We need to get better at the shopping experience. It's one of the areas where -- by the way we saw this during the season, and there's a lot of work that's being done to actually leverage AI to personalize the experiences so that when we get a customer that comes in, that comes from an assisted method, they're actually greeted by an expert versus greeted with which SKU do you want to pick.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, Steve, thank you for the question. I'm actually pleased with our progress, and I'll share some of the proof points, and I will also just remind us, we're still in the early days, but a lot has changed in the last three months. So let me share what those are. First of all, in TurboTax, 24 million customers used Intuit Assist to better understand the refund outcome and be able to get their questions answered. And not just the customer but Intuit Assist help our experts be much more efficient and effective in helping our customers. And as you can imagine, we would not have rolled that out to 24 million folks if that wasn't accretive to conversion. The second is Credit Karma. In Credit Karma, we have over 40 million monthly active users, and we have rolled out Intuit Assist capabilities, and I'll share what those are in a moment, to nearly half of our 40 million monthly active users. And what we have rolled out are the following things: one, to help you make a decision. And so by the way, if any of you on the call are Credit Karma users, and you happen to have iOS, unless you are in a holdout cell, you'll be able to see everything that I am articulating. So you will see things like Intuit Assist that we'll show you see why, see comparisons, let me help you. And when you engage, it helps you actually understand and have a conversation about which card is right for you. In the past, we always were able to use your data to deliver personalized experiences for you. In this case, personalized cards that are right for you, but now we can have a conversation with you and help you understand why one is better than the other. That's one huge element. The other is help you make financial decisions, help you understand how to build your credit, help you understand how to better save money, help you understand which cards are best to use and which cards you should reduce your utilization. That's what we've rolled out. And again, as you can imagine, we would not have rolled that out to almost 20 million Credit Karma members if it wasn't accretive to better monetization. And then the last couple of examples that I would use is on the small business side, where Mailchimp, nearly 300,000 customers have Intuit Assist available to them, particularly and specifically around personalized marketing campaigns, where you can -- where we help you put a campaign together, images, text, et cetera. And in -- across the QuickBooks platform, we have capabilities available to nearly 30,000-ish customers. And the capability is really about turning unstructured data into money and personalized feed. What that means is taking your e-mail as an example, and taking everything that's in your e-mail and turning it into an invoice that's paid and labeled so that you can get paid faster, and that's a monetizable event for us. And then business feeds that helps you orient to what's most important insight for the day, which ultimately depending on what you engage with is a monetizable event for us. So we've made a lot of progress in the last 90 days. And we're even more hopeful about what's possible in the future. I'll just end with -- it's early days, but it's amazing the progress that the team has made in the last 90 days.
Sasan Goodarzi: Brad, thank you for your question. First of all, I would say, this actually was the first real season with full service. Last year, it was still -- although we rolled that out, it was still at the experiment level. With that said, to answer your question, a couple of things. One, because we were quite aggressive with our go-to-market, we learned that we can create a lot of demand. And we created a lot of demand not only by talking about the fact that we can do your taxes in less than a day, we can help extend your money and give you early access or immediate access to your money. But there is a lack of price transparency in the entire assisted segment, where you don't really know what you're going to pay until you walk into somebody's store or a firm. And we did a lot of testing to understand how important price is. We learned that it matters a lot. And so we created a lot of demand. That's number one. Number two, when you search locally for an expert or -- and/or if we showed you in when you engage with full services, there's an expert near you, the conversion rates were significantly higher than when we didn't so up in search. And that, by the way, is just an element of time. We'll be able to get all of what we were doing this year rolled out across all of our customers. But that's an enormous learning that local matters. People want to be able to search for pro-near-me, folks want to know that their expert is nearby, and we saw a significant expert or conversion lift. Last thing that we saw as a great proof point is, I think this was more towards the middle, towards the end of season, you could recommend your expert. That had a big conversion one. But we were not able to scale that for the entire season or to all of our customers, which we plan to do next year. So those are the big insights and the big learnings. And last, I'll just end with the following, which is what I mentioned a moment ago, we have a lot of work to do on our shopping experience. And to simply put it, when you walk into somebody's firm or a store, you're not presented with a SKU in a lineup. You just walk in and get -- have them get your taxes done. And that's what we are working on, which is, in essence, when you pick full service, you're greeted by the expert versus a pricing lineup to make a choice. And that with an enormous learning this year, all of which we're currently working on for next year that give us a lot of confidence.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Thank you for the question. And Sandeep, please feel fear to build. I would say that overall, we feel good about our paid share because if you -- and we cut it multiple different ways internally. But if you look at what we've shared in our remarks, total IRS grew 1%. Our total paying customers grew 2%, and our retention grew 3 points. So we actually feel good about our paying share. I think what you heard us remark on is, where we lost share, which we're okay with because it was actually an intentional focus on the things that we've talked about today, was on customers that are, in essence, simple filers that are bouncing between platforms. And that's the area where we articulated earlier that we lost share. So that's the way I would have you think about our performance is when it comes to paying share, we actually feel good about our performance.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. Let me -- thank you for the question. And let me answer your question, but if I'm not answering your question directly, please come at me again. I think what you heard us talk about earlier is, one, we've been in the middle of a business model shift moving all of our desktop customers to subscription. And at the same time, we've been building capabilities on our online platform. So eventually, all of our desktop customers have a destination, which is online. And we believe, over time, all of our desktop customers at one point will be on our online platform. With that said, the thing that I would say is that we've really built out a lot of our capabilities on QuickBooks Advanced. And in fact, we are aggressively building a number of capabilities that we'll be excited to talk to all of you about at Investor Day, really targeting even larger customers. And I think we'll be far better positioned to take on some of our larger enterprise customers that may choose to want to come to our online platform. And that's really the essence of what we were talking about earlier. As you think about our desktop franchise looking ahead, one, we have desktop enterprise that's growing high single digits. Number two, we view that we can get most of our customers over time to go to our online platform and price to value also plays an important role. And with all that said, I just think we're better positioned for some of our larger customers that come to our QB Advanced over time. And that's what really gives us confidence as we look into the future.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, sure. Let me get us started. Sandeep, please jump in if you have any perspective to add. I'm not sure I understood the premise of your question, so let me just share what you should take away. What you should take away is the strength of our small business franchise is being driven by our online performance. Overall, it grew 18% or our online actually grew 19%, our services grew 20% and we actually feel very good about the trajectory of the business. And as we talked about, as we look ahead, we believe that desktop will continue to grow once the business model shift comes to an end, but that continued growth will come from the fact that half of desktop is enterprise, and it's growing high -- we anticipate it to grow high single digits. But the takeaway should be that in a macro environment, that is somewhat uncertain. Our online performance for small business has been quite strong, very resilient, and we're actually seeing a lot of engagement and usage by our customers just because it's really helping them manage their cash flow. It's helping them grow their business, and I think we're very well positioned in this environment.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Thank you for your question. First of all, I'll start with the fact that the Mailchimp lapping price increase from last year and some of the lineup changes that we talked about earlier impacts international growth, just since 50% of Mailchimp's revenue is international. So that was a big driver of why 12%. And two, yes, absolutely, given the green shoots that we are seeing with Mailchimp internationally and where we have product market fit with QuickBooks and Mailchimp, one of the five areas that we are accelerating our investments is, in fact, international. So we're excited about what's possible as we look at.
Sasan Goodarzi: Well, listen, everybody, thank you so much for attending. Thank you for your wonderful questions, and we will see you at our next earnings. Be safe. Bye-bye.
Sandeep Aujla: And Siti on the acquisition, you mentioned, as we've shared with you in the past, we are continually looking at by the partner, and that was a small technology tuck-in that we did to build some of the core money movement and risk management capabilities within our small business group.
Sandeep Aujla: One other point of context, if I may add, Alex, that's important to understand that even on the simple filers, there is a customer segmentation that is critical for us to keep in mind. We are -- we remain focused on the simple filers through both TurboTax and Credit Karma, but we are not focused on are the simple filers that have a higher propensity to change platforms year after year because we frankly don't think those -- that's a good return on our investment, and there's no opportunity for us to grow and earn revenue there. So I just want to make sure that customer segmentation was also pronounced in what you were hearing.
Sandeep Aujla: Brad, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we continue to see customers in our payroll business, adopting our solutions. They continue to take our higher-end offerings as well. The reason for the difference you called out is, I'll point to the payments business where the charge volume went to 22% growth in the quarter versus 20% the prior quarter. So that's the key item to call out in that sequencing.
Sandeep Aujla: Scott, I would also add that you should have not take away that we are yielding any ground on the paying of DIY customers. Our marketing investments, we are focused on attracting both customers to our platform. Our experiences are helping those customers better understand their returns and gain better confidence leading to better conversion. And we remain relentlessly focused on improving our product experience for those customers. So in addition to the assisted category, which we are excited to disrupt the $31 billion market across consumer and small business, we also are focused on taking share. It was a paying DIY customer.
Sandeep Aujla: No, I was just going to add, the question was also about just the progress we are feeling about Advanced. What I would say across the mid-market and as I alluded in my prepared remarks, we continue to feel good about the progress we're making with the mid-market, including with QuickBooks Online Advanced and with the desktop enterprise product, which grew in the in the high teens. So that's an area we continue to feel good about, the add I would have.
Sandeep Aujla: And what I would add, in addition to Sasan's comments about the health of the SMB market is a reminder that 80% of our small business group's revenue is subscription-based. And when you look at those businesses, the part of that is not related to subscription, largely on our services side. Couple of factors just to underline, we saw our payments charge volume increased 22% in Q3, which was faster than what we saw in Q2. And we continue to see good adoption of our payroll offerings by customers as well as a mix shift towards the high end of payroll offerings. So heading into Q4, we feel good about our online ecosystem growth, which remains our growth catalyst going into the future.
