Ken Lin: Thanks, Sasan. I’m incredibly excited about today’s announcement. As Sasan mentioned through many conversations we have found a real shared goal for changing personal finance for the better of consumers. When we started the company in 2007, we had a fundamental belief that consumers are being left behind in financial services innovation. We started the company with a mission to Champion Financial Progress for All with the intention of leveling the playing field for all consumers. In 2008, we launched the Credit Karma platform by providing consumers completely free credit scores. Now, 12 years later we have provided more than four billion credit scores and created a platform with over 100 million members, over a third of which are active on the site every month. Notably, we are helping a new generation better manage their finances, as more than half of our members are under the age of 44. We use the term members because our users are unique, have verified information from a third party and begin an engagement loop with our products. When we started the business we saw consumers lost in a sea of complexity and the opportunity for technology to make a difference. Today, we are leaders and our business model is quite simple: we help consumers find the right product for them based on their credit and financial profile with their consent. Intuit enables us to strengthen this ability by allowing customers to add income data to that profile, enable members to see more offers through which they qualify. Then, we simplify the application process, we help members significantly increase their probability of approval, and we help members transparently compare rates and features. We do this for credit cards, personal loans, auto lending, mortgages, high yield savings accounts, auto insurance, home insurance and other verticals to come. So this opportunity is also meaningful and exciting for all our trusted partners, to believe that and support us throughout our history. These personalized recommendations are embedded by technology, and 8 billion daily model predictions. Perhaps what I am most excited about is the real impact we’ve had on consumers' lives. As one example, we have seen meaningful increases in credit scores from members who regularly engage on our platform overtime. There are many reasons why it makes sense to join forces with Intuit right now. First and foremost, we have the ability to collaborate and bring technology solutions to solve real consumer problems. We see a platform which provides consumers with transparent access to their critical personal financial information - including their income, spending and credit history - to help them better understand their complete financial picture and use it to their advantage, such as obtaining a better interest rate. Our insights will significantly accelerate Credit Karma’s mission and we will then make a larger impact on our customers more quickly than either of us are able to alone. With millions of customers, more financial partners, and more resourcing, I am convinced we will be able to build a more valuable business that enables us to achieve our combined goals. I also have to say that the culture and team Sasan has put in place are critical factors in our decision to join together. We got inspired by Intuit’s mission to power prosperity around the world and our team is ready to join Intuit on that journey. To each of my 1,300 Credit Karma colleagues, Karmanauts, thank you. I am deeply proud of the company we have built and the culture we have created. We worked long and hard to get to a day like this, yet as I have always said -- this is one step in our journey together. Our mission to champion our members’ financial progress remains the same. Now, with our partner with Intuit, we will have the resources and capabilities to achieve our goals in a remarkable, significant and impactful way. I’ll pass it back to you, Sasan.
Ken Lin: Yes, absolutely. So thanks for the question. So autonomous finance right is really our ability to help consumers automate their financial life in a way that reduces friction, increases uncertainty, and creates more transparency and efficiency. So if you look at the problems that exist today, most consumers don’t know which are the right products for them, they don’t know how to apply for those products and there’s so much friction to making it happen. So for us, our platform is really predicated on integrating with financial institutions so that you can make it easy, moving the dollars or automating the process itself, so it does not require as much work and therefore friction and then lastly, adding a layer of education to consumers to understand what is absolutely best for them and if you do that, we fundamentally believe we can level the playing field for the most disadvantaged and most vulnerable consumers and assist them.
Ken Lin: Thanks, well, if you think about what Credit Karma does from a business model perspective, it’s again providing consumers with the certainty of finding the right products at a great rate and some of the best rates in the market. That same problem exists for small business users and historically for Credit Karma is how it’s been challenging to determine who are small business owners, I think that’s an opportunity for us to work together in the sense that we are now able to solve that problem for not just consumers, but small business owners as well. So we think that’s a big upside in the future.
Ken Lin: Yes. And maybe just to give you a little color on how you actually turn that into product when Sasan talked about income and the financial identity. One of the things that we observe in the space is that credit is a great predictor of underwriting about 80% of the time. Income and assets is the other piece and as you may know, 81% of consumers – sub-prime consumers are declined for credit card offers. So if we actually have the full picture and the full financial identity of that consumer, we are able to provide them certainty in the space and again going back to this note of the most vulnerable people, when you apply for a credit product and you are declined, your score goes down and you get into this vicious cycle of getting into predatory lending of products that aren’t good for you. To Sasan’s note around the data platform, with it, we’ll be able to do things like automation of our cash flow. We’ll be able to audit – autonomous finance for us as moving money in such a way that you can minimize the interest that you’re paying. You can move in a way that your credit score and your outstanding balances are at lowest so you can actually get those other products to help you get through life and then when it comes to you to access to the other data points, I think things like improving savings where you know approximately half the country don’t have $400 in savings. We can help improve that savings rates with our ability to foster money movement.
Ken Lin: Yes, first, maybe let me frame the problem in the industry. So banks spend tens of billions of dollars each and every year marketing their financial services products and the challenge in the space is that each of those banks have a specific credit profile that they are looking for along with an ability to pay around income. Now imagine a bank that spends $100 million a year in marketing, maybe only 20% of those dollars are efficient because the other 80% go to people who are simply not qualified for that particular product. What we are able to do and speaking to this note around financial identity, we are able to help banks find those exactly right customers and I think that’s the problem that we solve for our financial services partners. For the consumer, what they see is a landscape full of teaser rates, i.e., rates that are for extremely well qualified buyers. You actually can’t tell if you’re an extremely well qualified buyer because the banks use hundreds of different variables to determine your eligibility and what we’re able to do is solve that particular problem for the consumer. So for our banking partners, they have access to a large scale of users that are highly qualified, for our members, we’re able to provide a service that gives them certainty and transparency of all the offers in the market and as a business model, what we do is we charge a success fee for when we’re able to match a consumer with the right financial services product and that is our business model and looking to capture all of those dollars that are being spent in digital and offline marketing today.
Ken Lin: Yes, absolutely. So I think when we first started, people really questioned how engaging was the credit score and I think the reality is credit scores are something that take years to build and for many consumers, it is the hallmark of their financial health. So as a result, people tend to be very engaged in. So, your credit score changes on average once per month. We continue to add new products like credit monitoring, ID protection, Direct Dispute, which is a product that actually helps you to remove erroneous trade lines and debts from your credit report, the launch of our high yield savings product, all of these are product features that are created to help drive engagement, because we know consumers one, care about it, but two it’s an important aspect of our business model and a key business driver.
Ken Lin: Yes. One of the neat aspects of our business is we can actually see how many trade lines are originated each and every year and what we find is that on average, it is 1.1 new trade lines and what that means is on average, a typical consumer will take out 1.1 new credit card, new auto loan, auto refinance, a mortgage, a store credit card. So anything that it shows and appears on your trade line, are on your credit report. We get to see that and we know that, that average is 1.1. Now specific to the business itself, what is really great is that it is highly predictable. So, we are going on our 12th year of operation. So, we have cohorts that go back 12 years and what we can see is that over time that consumers as they go through their lifecycle, their own life journey, they are able to sort of follow this pattern and we know that those credit originations are always in the market and we have an ability to both track our progress against it, but also anticipate what products consumers will need based on that rich data history that we have.
Ken Lin: Sure. So if you really look at you know the history of Credit Karma, what we have been focused on, I often think about the first 12 years of our history as really helping consumers save money when they borrow, i.e., investing in our credit cards vertical, in our mortgage vertical, in our auto lending vertical. As we continue to grow, we have now focused on the other side of the balance sheet, i.e., high yield savings and other asset plays and what’s key for our platform goes back to this note around engagement and the way that we think about accelerating revenue and what our models show is that the more engagement we have, there is a direct correlation to our revenue and where the opportunities come in is that a lot of the financial identity components that the combination of Credit Karma and Intuit have together, those are big growth drivers of engagement and we believe that over time that will both drive the SDUs or sort of the engagement numbers that we track, which leads to monetization and our ability to move into other verticals outside of traditional credit cards and personal loans. Those are sort of key growth drivers that we see in the business.
Ken Lin: I don’t have an exact breakout but we know that both are both extremely important aspects of our business. One of the nice key points of our business is any given quarter, approximately 90% of our revenues are repeating users or members that registered from prior quarters i.e., 10% are from new users. So we see a combination. Our ability to drive new users drives revenue and our ability to drive existing users back drive revenue, so both are really important and fundamental to the business model and the key metrics that we track.
Ken Lin: Yes. One final note is that a lot of that data is highly scalable. So the data that is used to determine your eligibility for credit card to a personal loan to a mortgage tends to be the same. So as we move into new verticals, your cost basis is relatively fixed, but you get a bunch of scale out of those operating cost basis. So as you’re moving into new verticals, you often times get to expand your margins.
Ken Lin: Yes. Historically, our engagement numbers have grown slightly faster than revenue and what we tend to find is our ability to launch new products like ID protection, Direct Dispute and the ones I mentioned before, high yield savings. We know that these directly correlate to the overall engagement of our user base, which is why we are so focused on driving an excellent customer experience, because we know those two things are highly correlated.
Sasan Goodarzi: Awesome. Thanks, Ken. I’d like to add that while we see a lot of innovation and investment, in the marketplace we don’t see anyone with our collective capabilities pursuing a personalized financial assistant. This is why we believe this combination can transform FinTech and power the economy. We have the ability to bring together consumers and financial institutions in innovative ways that lowers costs for all those involved and levels the playing field for consumers of all economic status. After the transaction closes, Ken will report to me, and continue to lead the Credit Karma team from its headquarters in San Francisco. Credit Karma will continue to operate under its current brand. Michelle will share the financial details of the transaction in a few minutes. To wrap up, we are pleased with the continued momentum of our Small Business and Self-Employed Group. We remain laser focused delivering for our customers during tax season and I could not be more excited about the Credit Karma acquisition and the opportunity it provides us to power prosperity for our customers. Now, let me hand it over to Michelle.
Sasan Goodarzi: Great. Thank you, Michelle. I would like to thank our employees, our customers and partners for another strong quarter. I am excited about joining forces with Credit Karma and the transformative experience we can offer customers together. We will share more about our progress in the coming months. Now, let’s open it up for questions to hear what’s on your mind.
Sasan Goodarzi: Great. Hey, Brad. Thank you for your question. We are equally admirers of Credit Karma. A couple of things, I would say. Let me start with your question as to why now? This is very core to what we have declared around helping our customers make ends meet. It’s very core to the strategy that we’ve declared, which is about an AI driven expert platform and what we declared is that because everyone that we serve are consumers, we are very focused on unlocking smart money decisions and together with Credit Karma there are things that we can do to benefit consumers that we believe are significant. First and foremost, consumers are in significant debt. They over pay on fees whether it’s credit cards, whether it’s home loans, auto loans whether it’s insurance. They don’t have access to advice in terms what are the things that they need to do to improve their credit score and their credit rating which matters a lot, so when it comes to the interest that they pay and also just the other side of it, which is how do they save money and how do they ultimately grow that money and in order to really be able to deliver against that, what we bring together with Credit Karma is scale and capability, it’s scale of customers and scale of customers’ data and it’s the capability that we have and so ultimately now, customers are going to be able to leverage their own data, their income data, their spending data, their credit history, their life situations. I mean, together with Credit Karma, the customers will have access to all their information in one place and then we’ll be able to match them with financial products that are right for them. We’ll be able to connect them to savings accounts. We’ll be able to help them get early access to their pay check and we will be able to provide insights and advice so they can actually continue to improve their financial habit. So in terms of why is this the right time. It’s absolutely core to what we’ve declared, its core to the goals that we’ve set, and we believe that together we can truly do things that benefit consumers and benefit financial institutions because we will provide them also more choice. So that’s why it’s the right time. I think in terms of acquisitions, I would just say that the last several that we’ve made have been extremely successful and we’ve actually held them up as role models internally and we’ve recently talked to our board about it. TSheets [indiscernible] just two of the latest three and the reason is we’ve studied our history and we’ve learned what works and what doesn’t work and the clarity that we have around three things that matter, one is the mission and purpose – the alignment that we have with Ken and the team; two, the absolute alignments that we have on priorities; and third, and I would say equally as important is Ken is in charge. Our goal is to fuel his success and Credit Karma’s success and just how we’ve organized around the work is essential to the success. So across the board, we have a lot of confidence and are very clear about how to manage the risks.
Sasan Goodarzi: Got it. Great. Thank you, Keith for the question. Let me just start with tax, our intent is to keep the free tax software within Credit Karma because we believe in what they are doing and the fact that customers should have choice and we are not doing this deal because of tax. They have 106 million customers and really we are doing this because we believe that we can truly create a consumer finance platform that can serve as a financial assistant to really power the prosperity of customers. So that is really the strategic rationale and reason for the deal and we will continue to offer taxes for free through Credit Karma and through TurboTax and we’re very confident in that go-forward approach. In terms of Mint and Turbo, I think I would go back to what I shared a moment ago with Brad. We are very focused on helping customers make ends meet and we are very focused on unlocking smart money decisions for our customers and ultimately, this is really about speed the market. This is really about bringing the capabilities of the two companies together, the scale of the customers’ data and capabilities to be able to move much faster to help these customers that are really underserved, struggling and are looking for help and that’s really the rationale for why we are doing this and specifically around Mint and Turbo, our game plan over time is actually to combine that into one app and we want to focus entirely on Credit Karma’s growth and we don’t actually want to distract Credit Karma at all with the fact that there is Turbo and there is Credit Karma. The reality is customers have choice and they’ll be able to pick the product that’s right for them. Sorry, go ahead.
Sasan Goodarzi: No, no, they will be – ultimately, they will be separate. They will not be combined into one app only because I think our focus is we have a huge opportunity to ensure that we can fuel Credit Karma’s growth and we don’t want to have any distractions other than ensuring that they can deliver for customers, so they will be separate apps.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes and Keith, just a note on Credit Karma, I think from our perspective, we’re neither a credit score company nor are we a tax company. We focus on solving consumer problems. So for us, our members who are coming to us asking for credit scores are really asking for how can they borrow at the best rates possible and on the opposite side of that when consumers are coming to us from our tax product, it’s really about getting their dollars back from the government and sort of doing the necessities. So we think of that not as a product per se, but really the problems or the challenges that we’re solving on behalf of our members.
Sasan Goodarzi: We are actually very pleased with the progress and the results that we’re making. I mean, first, I would start by saying, as the category leaders, our focus is to grow the category, which we feel like we’ve had a large part in doing so given what the stats I shared earlier that the do-it-yourself category is growing faster than assisted and we have been able to increase our share and a driver of us being able to increase our share is the continued traction and growth with TurboTax Live and we are very pleased with the results that we’re seeing and it’s in line with what we would expect through this early part of the season and I think I would just remind that we are so early in our journey of going after this $20 billion market of transforming the assisted marketplace that we expect continued accelerated growth from TurboTax Live given that it is a seamless platform for customers to use at the ease of their home or office and they can get access to expertise at anytime they wish throughout the experience. So we are just at the beginning of the journey of what’s possible with TurboTax Live.
Sasan Goodarzi: I can’t comment on H&R Block other than I really love what we’re seeing in our results, we are growing the category, we’re taking share and we are seeing the growth that we would have expected in TurboTax Live and continuing to benefit from our focus around the first time use, more access points for experts, and making the expert platform easier that gives us the opportunity to ensure efficiency and expanding margins over time. So we – and by the way, we also have experienced that more folks that enter the category, the more we’re actually able to accelerate the growth in the category. So far, what we are seeing is exactly what we would have expected.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, this is about acceleration. The way you should think about this is we get to expand our TAM, we are acquiring a business that has incredible capabilities of $1 billion growing 20% plus with a platform model that has the ability to grow operating margins over time and frankly, more importantly, all of that is possible because we are able to do things for consumers and provide them more choice and more benefits and do the same for financial institutions. I would look at this as, it’s squarely focused on one of our five best that we declared and it’s all about acceleration while we continue to see acceleration really connecting people to experts with TurboTax Live, QuickBooks Live, and some of what we’re doing on the small business front. So this is about acceleration.
Sasan Goodarzi: Let me start and I’ll have Ken add. One of the things that we’ve been very intentional and working with Ken and the team on is alignment on purpose and vision, alignment on priorities, and ensuring that Ken is in charge and has what he needs to be able to deliver for customers and accelerate Credit Karma’s growth and so we believe that there is an opportunity serving small businesses, but ultimately over time, Ken will decide when is that right time because ultimately we want to – there is so much opportunity ahead of us, but let me let Ken jump into that because I know he’s been thinking about small businesses for some time.
Sasan Goodarzi: Well, as you know, when we talked about our long-term expectations and in essence shared that it’s between 8% to 12%, one of the larger drivers of that was ARPU simply from the standpoint that we are focused on transforming assisted with our platform and there is just an opportunity to increase our ARPU. We’ll share after season how that’s performing, but I would tell you everything that we see so far in early season – there’s results that you see because there is three days to four days of IRS opening, which is very a small portion of the results and there is what we see you through year-to-date and season to date and it’s really in line with what we had assumed and again, we like what we see.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. Thank you, Kirk for your question. Let me kick this off and I’ll let Ken chime in because the business plan that’s been developed has been jointly developed that will be executed after close. First of all, as I mentioned, there is alignment around mission and purpose and we’ve also aligned around priorities. The priorities that we have aligned around is grow the core, it’s expand growth verticals and it’s developing emerging verticals and specifically, grow the core is really about growing credit cards and personal loans. Expanding growth verticals is about auto and home loans and insurance and then developing emerging vertical is really about providing offerings like savings, checking and then over time early access to your paycheck, etcetera . So those are the three priorities that we have agreed to. Now, what’s wonderful on behalf of consumers are the capabilities that we can bring together and so the first is creating a financial identity for the consumer. What that means is the consumer now based on the data that we have the 50 million customers and 106 million customers that Credit Karma has, the consumer now has access to their data in one place, their income data, their spending data, their credit history data, their life situation. I mean, Credit Karma has 2,600 data points for each of their customers on average and so creating a financial identity for the customer so they can use their data for their benefit is one thing that we will do together. The second is making our money movement capabilities, the services available for Ken and the team. That’s all of our risk and fraud capabilities that we use for same-day payroll, same day payments, all of that is necessary for Ken over time to be able to provide early access to consumers’ paychecks as an example. And then last but not least, we will make our financial data platform capabilities and services available to Ken so he can deliver benefits to customers and this is where we have 20,000 partners in our financial data platform where, again, all of this will be used with the customers consent and to their benefit. So when I talk about allowing Ken to be in charge and running Credit Karma, we will make those data elements and services with the customers consent available on the back end so that ultimately Ken can deliver more benefit for Credit Karma customers over time and that’s where we see the acceleration and we don’t want to distract Ken and Credit Karma with anything else other than what’s most important to deliver for customers. So that’s the approach that we’re taking.
Sasan Goodarzi: Great. Thank you, Kash. Let me hit on a couple of these and then I’m going to ask actually Ken to jump in and just share more around the business model. First of all, this is really one view of having a network effect. It’s truly solves a two-sided problem. The more consumers consent with their data being used at more financial institutions and others participate on the platform, the stronger the platform gets to deliver for the end consumer, the more choice that it provides and so from a network effect perspective, this has some of those characteristics. In terms of synergy, it’s really what we were just describing earlier, really what you are now able to bring together with the two companies is the customers’ entire financial identity where they can use their data to get access to the best personal loans that are right for them, the best credit cards that are right for them, the best by the way, insurance, it could be home insurance, auto insurance, renters insurance because when the customer doesn’t have all their data in one place, they in essence have experiences that Ken was just talking about earlier where they may get something where they are pre-approved for, but when they actually try to go through the process, 80% of them get rejected and now by the data being in one place, it actually accelerates us delivering the benefits and that’s where the real synergy comes into places where we can do things together that we couldn’t do apart. In terms of ASP, maybe let me let Ken just talk about the business model and how it works because that will be really the key characteristics moving forward.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, it’s not something at this point that we even know what the overlap is and one that we can communicate. All we can tell you is when we look at what’s possible based on the benefits that we can deliver for customers, there is a lot of upside and we are excited about the opportunity, but it’s not something at this point that we even have the data to share with you.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure, sure. Well, first of all, I am confident in our strategy. I am confident in our execution and what we are seeing and as I mentioned earlier, we’re growing the category, we’re taking share and knock on wood, our teams have done an incredible job with the experiences that we’re delivering for customers. So that’s bucket one. Bucket two is very similar to what you heard from, Michelle there is only a few days of e-file revenue in that number. So actually, our marketing dollar spend and our revenue are not really correlated. It’s really the number of days of open e-file and you will see our full year results after we get through after we get through the next season. We are seeing better traction than even last year when it comes to raising awareness, consideration and just a return that we are getting on our marketing dollars. So again things are in line with what we would have expected internally and we have high expectations.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, great. Thank you for the question. So first of all when we declared these five big bets and as we shared at Investor Day, they are grounded in fairly large customer problems that are very durable and areas where we believe that it’s our obligation and our right to solve these customer problems and it’s very durable and it also will result in the largest growth drivers for the company. In a couple of the bets, our gaps are probably larger than the other bets. First of all, they are all created equal, the five big bets, but we have deliberately stack ranked them the way we have, because we believe that if we had to make trade-off choices that we could be crystal clear how we would make trade-off choices. We have stacked all five bets to win internally. We made some significant investment in capital reallocations in the last year and we continue to do so to ensure that these big bets are resourced to win and with that as context, it actually doesn’t change our M&A principles. I wouldn’t conclude that we now have four large acquisitions coming because we have four other big bets. This is really about following our acquisition or our M&A principles around one of the largest customer problems and what are the gaps that we have and are there opportunities for us to be able to close that gap and increase speed to market and it just so happened that this bet, because really it’s about serving consumers and helping them make ends meet that this just from our perspective is a great opportunity to bring two companies together to achieve greatness for our end customers. So that’s the way I would think about it. Our M&A principles have not changed. Every bet is resourced to win, this was one of them where we felt like there is an opportunity to increase and improve speed the market.
Sasan Goodarzi: Just as context and a reminder, the Free File program is a philanthropic effort and we abide by the Memorandum of Understanding along with other industry players, which might have reaffirmed when the report was published I think in the fall and with that as context, we don’t see anything outside of the norm, based on the way the season is playing out this year in FFA.
Sasan Goodarzi: And if I could just add one thing, this is just from a go forward perspective, I think what’s very just remarkable with respect to the company that Ken has built is when you have 106 million customers or members that use you, trust you, and you ultimately give the customer the ability to be able to leverage their data to be able to benefit from more and more choice, the opportunity that we have over time and again, Ken started the company with credit cards, personal loans, and now auto and home, but auto and home loans and insurance is actually kind of just at the beginning of what’s possible. Then, there is this new vertical that’s around savings, getting early access to your paycheck over time. So what I want you all to imagine is this truly being a consumer finance platform where it serves as a financial assistant in the pocket of consumers and the more we can deliver more benefits, the more engagement we drive over time and the more we can actually help financial services industry members be efficient and then therefore drive up ARPU and revenue and so this is just there’s kind of many years of opportunity to capture the TAM that we described earlier.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, what we will do is when we, just like today, when we raise awareness and if it’s TurboTax or if it’s QuickBooks, you see Intuit, you see QuickBooks by Intuit or TurboTax by Intuit. So over time, we’ll work with Ken and make sure that over time people know that Credit Karma is part of Intuit. What we won’t do is change the brand of Credit Karma. It’s established an incredible brand, it stands for choice and benefits for consumers and that is something that we wouldn’t change because it has got a strong brand like QuickBooks or TurboTax has.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, if you recall, one of the things we shared at Investor Day, so it’s a high number. At Investor Day, we shared that we have 37 million registered users that have actually agreed for their data to be used for benefits for them and then we have 4 million active users. So, consumers are very much willing to consent for their data to be used for their benefit as long as they are in control of it and so we’ve actually seen very nice traction since we’ve launched Turbo.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, please. So first of all, thank you very much for all the questions and everybody’s time today. I am truly excited for the progress that we are making, the acceleration that we have ahead with Credit Karma and I would just like to close by thanking our employees. Last week, we were named the number 11 in Fortune’s Top 100 Companies to Work For in the U.S. and this is our second-highest ranking in the 19 years that we have been on this list and our employees’ passion and commitment to really deliver for our customers and power their prosperity and to contribute in the communities that we serve really is what fuels our impact. So, it’s an absolute honor to work alongside each and every one of our employees. And again, I want to thank everyone for joining and we look forward to speaking with you at the next earnings call. Thank you.
Michelle Clatterbuck: When we look at Credit Karma, they really bring a big track record of success with the beyond user paid business models. They have revenue of approximately $1 billion in calendar year 2019, which was growing at 20%. They’ve reached scale with high engagement, robust marketplace. We are really not able to share any of the profitability information at this point in time, but we do feel good about their platform model and the company’s commitment to really serving and engaging their members. And then as we stated, we do believe that we will be in a neutral to accretive our position in our non-GAAP earnings per share in the first full fiscal year after the transaction closes.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Hey, Scott. Thanks. First of all, I would say, when we really look at our expenses and our operating margin, we don’t get overly focused on quarter-by-quarter. So, we are really managing it, number one, on an annual basis and we’re also managing it – so that’s why, if you start to look at it quarter-by-quarter, you start to look at segment-by-segment, you might get a little wrapped up in some numbers that aren’t going to be as helpful to you. So we are focusing on total year at the company level. Yes, we did come in with operating expenses a little lower in Q2 and some of that is really being driven by different investment decisions we are making and also driven by some staffing and staffing cost and so forth that came in a little lighter in Q2, but we are not changing our full year operating income guidance. And so I wouldn’t get too focused on the individual quarters.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Hey Kartik, you are right we are actually not in a position to give out any of the profitability information for Credit Karma. However, we do believe they are a platform and they have been driving some great engagement and scale and so we think that that’s a great thing, but yes, we aren’t actually able to share any of that information. Thank you, though.
