Brad Smith: Thanks, Neil. So we're off to a good start and we're on track to deliver better than expected revenue and earnings growth for fiscal year 2010. Our long-term goal remains unchanged. We strive to be an innovative growth company that help consumers and small businesses save and do more with their money. And our long-term objectives are to grow this company organic revenue double digits while growing revenue faster than expenses, which generates improved operating income leverage and strong cash flow. We're pleased to see that our strategic initiatives are having a positive impact and that they are building momentum as we work towards our longer-term objectives. I would like to thank our employees for a great quarter and for all they are doing to position the company for continued success in the future. And with that, I would like to turn it over to you for your questions.
Brad Smith: Yeah. Thanks, Heather. When we started out the year, we talked about four key drivers in the tax business. One is the growth in individual returns, the second is a growth of the online and software category, the third is our ability to grow share in TurboTax and then the fourth is the ability to grow revenue for customer. I would tell you that so far in the season, although it's still early, the tax filings to the IRS are coming in about what we thought. So they are still down a little bit year-over-year according to our best estimates. But what we are able to do is we believe the online category continues to grow fast and that we have seen our ability to take share both in the desktop, which is up about three points year-to-date, but also online, which is up a couple of points. And we're seeing favorable revenue per customer because of two reasons. One is we're getting a favorable mix shift as customers are seeing more value in our more premium products. And the second is after 3.5, four years getting in the market with free, we're getting a much better execution behind free to paid in terms of conversion. And so to answer your question directly, we're seeing positive trends on the free to pay conversion and we're also seeing a favorable mix shift in our product lineup.
Brad Smith: Yes. I will tell you that our goal remains to grow the category and grow units, but because we're seeing favorable improvements in both the mix as well as our ability to get free to pay to conversion, I would expect to see a much tighter alignment this year between units and revenue.
Brad Smith: Okay. Thanks, Gil. Let me start with the first question. Last year, January 31 fell on Saturday and this year it fell on a Sunday. And we tend to see a spike in tax filings over the weekend when people have more time to sit down and go through the process. So we did get a benefit this year because we got two full days at the end of the month for filing taxes. My best guess and our best guess is a couple of points there potentially. And that's why I think February 13 tax return update is probably a pretty good indication of what we see and why we're guiding the way we're guiding the balance of the year. In terms of TurboTax online banking, we mentioned that it represented about two points of revenue growth for the financial institutions business. If you put that back into TurboTax, it would be closer to about a point. So that would have represented about a percentage point of revenue, if it was in TurboTax's reported numbers.
Brad Smith: Well, Adam, this is a – it's a little bit of a tale of two cities. If you look at the macro trend, we continue to see over the last decade, more of a push towards the back end of the season as people start to adopt more online services and it makes it more convenient for them to wait until later in the year. And if you take a look at how many tax filings, at least we estimate have been filed, I think there's still a lot of game to be played. In fact, two-thirds of our business will come in the third quarter. At the same time, we had a healthier performance in the first part of this season and particularly in our desktop business. And so I think that the overall pattern will continue to be the bulk of the game still to be played in the second half and you'll continue to see people pushing until later into the season. But I have to say that we were pleasantly surprised and we're glad that we had our execution focused on the first part because we're able to capture some pretty strong growth in the first third of the tax season as well.
Brad Smith: Yes, thanks, Adam. We love both of these businesses. There's plenty of head room for growth. We see these businesses being double-digit growth businesses into the future. If you think about payroll first, we have about 1.1 million to 1.2 million of the QuickBooks users today as payroll customers and that's out of an opportunity of about 2.5 million, so we still have a lot of room for continued penetration. And then when we bought PayCycle, that opened up a whole new market of 7.5 million small businesses. We don’t yet use QuickBooks, but do have a need for payroll. And what you're seeing in payroll right now is seeing our ability to use those two approaches to continue to drive that business. In the payment space, the story gets even better. We continue to increase the number of merchants, bringing them into the franchise about 13% year-over-year growth. And we grew that overall segment about 14%, but that's even with a year-over-year decline in charge volume per merchant being down about 3%. As soon as that charge volume starts to pick up and consumers are starting to use their credit cards and debit cards with small business that will just be tailwind to our payments business and will only accelerate its revenue growth into the future. So do we see a tipping point? What gives me confidence is if you look at last year, charge volume per merchant was down 9%. This quarter, it was down 3%. So we're starting to see a stabilization, which leads us to believe that while we're certainly past the worst part of the economy, we still have some sluggishness ahead of us, but it is starting to improve.
Brad Smith: That's our goal. I mean, our goal is to continue to get better at converting quick books customers into our electronic payment services. And I think as the economy starts to get better and small businesses begin to make purchases, it can only be opportunity for us.
Brad Smith: Okay. I'll tag team a little here with Neil, give him a chance to get in. Let me start with the Mint integration. The Mint integration is going very well. Right now, our subscribers in Mint have accelerated since we acquired the company. Aaron Patzer is doing a wonderful job leading the combined businesses of Quicken and Mint and of course we've had very strong performance in our Quicken product line this year. And so we're pleased with the overall results. I will also tell you that our revenue per active user in Mint have increased since the acquisition as well. All the indicators are moving in the right direction and we feel good with how the integration has gone and we're feeling better about the future. Let me turn it over to Neil to talk about the long-term margins and then I'll come back and talk about new users and upgraders.
Brad Smith: So let me give you a couple of key headlines. New users were actually up about 5% year to date. On the upgraders, keep in mind that last year we got very aggressive with retail promotion and in the first quarter of this year, we did the same thing to try to get rid of the QuickBooks ‘09 inventory and make space for QuickBooks 2010. Since our upgraders are not as strong as they were last year, our new users are driving the growth. But what excites me in addition to QuickBooks new users is the fact we're opening new front doors to the franchise. Think about the website performance I talked about earlier and you've probably seen the TV ads for Intuit's websites. Those users are up 63% year-over-year and then QuickBooks online grew its user base 14% this quarter. And those are two excellent new front doors to get customers into the franchise that we can then sell additional services to. Net-net, new users are up. Upgraders are up a little bit because we're going over some pretty aggressive price promotions, but we're offsetting that with new users through other products.
Brad Smith: Yeah. I can, again, if you look at the optimism index, they are slowly trying to come back, but not near any sort of levels that we saw back before the economy turned downward. I think the real challenge and question is, are customers shopping with them and are they buying their services? And I have to say that we're starting to see some more positive signs. If you use our charge volume per merchant as an indicator, it was down 9% this time last year, it was down 8% just a quarter ago and it's down 3% this quarter, which means that customers are starting to shop with small businesses again and once that happens, small business owners will start to get more optimistic and will start to expand and hire employees. I have to tell you, I think the worst is behind us, but I don't think we see a rapid recovery. If I had to put some sort of a visual on this, I would think about a Nike swoosh. It's going to be a slow, gradual climb to the other side.
Brad Smith: Yeah. We had planned on taking market share. We're actually being more successful at that than we had originally built into our forecast. And then the even more positive surprise is our ability to effect the mix as well as our ability to get better at free to pay conversion. So those are the two key catalysts right now, in addition to the fact that just the online and tax software category continues to grow even when the number of tax filings are down.
Brad Smith: Bryan, we won't know until the IRS reports their numbers. We have internal data that leads us to believe that it's a little healthier, but we have to always wait until the IRS report their numbers because they have a much better view than we do.
Brad Smith: Yeah. Bryan, I would tell you one of the things is we had a really good Quicken 2010 release this year and our execution to retail has been very strong. But we also worked closely with Microsoft, as Microsoft shut down Microsoft Money, we made it very easy to help those customers to make it over to Quicken and that's given us a nice boost in Quicken as well.
Brad Smith: Yeah. Thank you, Phil. So the first one is a hard one to nail down, which is new business formations. It's a lagging indicator and we typically refer to the Kauffman [ph] report, which is produced externally to let us know what's happening. I will tell you, though, if you see new user growth up, it would suggest that we are seeing small businesses getting formed again and that's good news, because with unemployment at the levels it is, a lot of people are looking for an avenue to create some income. And so historically, that's always been a nice little driver for new business formation. So I think you're starting to see a slight improvement, but we won't really know until the Kauffman [ph] study is updated. On the second question you asked around free file. First, the good news is the IRS and private industry reached an agreement to extend the free file alliance for the next five years. And so that's positive news. In terms of any rule changes, they actually increased the standard and limited the ability for any of the players in that – in the industry to do any cross-selling or upselling which has always been the rules they have been playing by for the last couple years, too. So there hasn't been anything that impacted our ability to do what we want to do in the free file which is make sure the people who are underprivileged and underserved get access to free tax software. I think what you see here is a couple of other players who potentially had deemphasized it last year, who are reemphasizing it this year. And so when it all shakes out, we're down to slightly because we were probably the strongest beacon in that group last year. And now you got a couple of other alternatives as well. So that's kind of it in a nutshell. Nothing has materially changed; nothing that causes us concern. We actually do that as a philanthropic effort and we're glad that consumers are getting access to that software for freePhilip Rueppel – Wells Fargo Securities: Great. Thanks.
Brad Smith: Yeah. Jim, I would tell you. The macro environment has not materially changed from what we saw last quarter. We have always felt for the last three or four months that it's going to be a slow slog to get back to what we would consider to be more normal. So we've just gotten better at execution, understanding how to convert free to paid, understanding how deep to take a discount and still drive the right lifetime value in QuickBooks and small business. If you look across our major business lines, all of our core businesses are performing well and getting better. And so that gives us confidence that we have learned and adjusted and regardless of the macro environment, we see the ability to deliver at these new levels of guidance and if the economy gets better, that's just more tailwind for us.
Brad Smith: Yeah. No, Jim, I'm glad you asked those questions because as you know well following the industry. The ability for many of the competitors that we see in the market to sell additional services into his their payroll base provides real revenue upside and also solves important problems for their small business customers. And we have just started to do that in the last year. We have still very early results, but our 401(k) plan and our workers' comp offerings are doing well against our payroll base. And we're looking at additional services like that to introduce into our payroll base over time. So still very small and immaterial, but certainly, a good indicator of the direction we're going in the future.
Brad Smith: Yeah. So let me talk about some of the numbers I shared earlier, Sara. We talked about a 56% of the company's revenue comes from connected services and actually about a third of our revenue, call it – in fact $900 million comes from software as a service, pure hosted applications. That part of the company has grown 48% compounded annually over the last five years and grew 22% in this quarter. So if we just take those numbers and extrapolate them out over time, you're going to see the company's revenue continue to shift much more significantly to software as a service and also to overall connecting services, which are highly reliable recurring revenue streams for us. At this point, we haven't put a stake in the ground and said three years from now what percent will that be, but we actually are working towards that sort of an outlook. So when we get together for our annual investor day in the fall, we would be more than happy to share with you what we think that looks like as we look ahead.
Brad Smith: Got it. Thanks, Kash. Let me start with the free to fee conversion. First of all we think that this is a wonderful tool to help get new customers into the franchise in both tax, as well as small business. And then our ability now over multiple years to turn them into paying customers by introducing other services to them has proven to be a great way to expand the category and accelerate our share. So I only see this as upside and it's something we're going to continue to do aggressively, particularly in tax and also continue to get better at executing in terms of upgrading them. Let me address the SAS revenue piece. We do see this as a key catalyst. We refer to it internally as connected services. And since it is accelerating the growth rate and it is the way that customers preferring to buy and use products in the future, this is why we continue to say that we see the company as a double-digit organic growth rate company, so we will continue to accelerate with and will supplement that with acquisitions. So we do see this as a faster growing company than what you've seen last year or even right now with this year's guidance. And that's why we feel confident in making those statements as we look for the long-term. The second part of the question was on –
Brad Smith: Yes. Sasa, we haven't broken out the revenue for Mint.com and it's not material. However, we do see it, not only as a future opportunity to accelerate growth in that segment, but it's technology capabilities and its algorithms, the way to save engine are going to be key growth catalysts for not only Quicken, but also for TurboTax and our small business franchise. So today it's a very immaterial revenue number, but it is moving in the right direction and we like the progress of the business overall.
Brad Smith: Yeah. That is hard to quantify. We're not getting a lot of help today from the external environment. What we are doing is we've gotten much wiser at how deep we want to promote and discount our products, which we'll start to get a real value for the price. So you see our ASP and our revenue per customer going up, although our units are down year-over-year. The other thing I really like about that segment is you're starting to see strong growth in QuickBooks online, which continues to accelerate, but you also see a strong growth rate continuing in the QuickBooks enterprise product, our up market product. And so net-net, I would say the majority of it was execution and just a better understanding of how deep we need to go to get customers in. And as the economy comes back and new businesses really start to form at a faster rate and that will detail in for us.
Brad Smith: Yeah. Our only indication that we can get at or we have internal capabilities, we have our Pro tax business, the accounting professionals division, then we have TurboTax. And we're a pretty decent majority of the IRS tax filings. And then we also do external research. We do poll surveys, not only of our customers, but of tax filers overall and we basically ask them if they filed their taxes yet and we compare that to studies we did last year. And that indication lets us know that at least year to date, our internal research would suggest that it's down a few points over where it was this time last year. And so the IRS producing their report and they don't necessarily announce a particular date. And it comes out at different times each year and so we'll have to wait and see when they publish their information. So this is all based upon our own internal research right now.
Brad Smith: Yeah. We believe today, based upon the data that we have, that it's coming from two areas. It's coming from tax stores and it's also coming from the all other competitors, the smaller competitors online. And we think those have been the two biggest sources of our market share advantage so far this year online.
Brad Smith: I would boil it down to execution. If you go in the retail stores our team has a very focused approach to making sure that we have best position in all the stores and that we have a well merchandised display. And so there really isn't anything materially different year-over-year in terms of distribution, it just comes down to execution. And so no, I can't pin it down anything other than that.
Brad Smith: Yeah, Michael. Thanks for the question. Let me separate something first. There's refund anticipation loans and then there's the RT or the refund transfer. As you know, we're not in the refund anticipation loan business or the RAL business. And that's the business under a tremendous amount of scrutiny and heat right now. It's a business we felt about five years ago was not one we wanted to be in because we anticipated this being the potential outcome. So we don't have that sort of risk that others may have in the industry. In terms of RT, we continue to see customers valuing the ability to take a portion of their tax refund and then use that to pay for their tax software, that's what the refund transfer is. And we continue to see that as a value proposition that makes sense. It's doing well in the market. We have no issues in terms of having that service provided and so no change to our current thinking right now in terms of RT.
Brad Smith: The same plans, Michael. That we would probably use every day, try to make sure that our product is easier to use and perceived as a better value. And just continue to out compete in the market place. I think the more awareness there is around RT, the better it is for the category overall because it's still one of those services that isn't completely understood. And so if block or anyone else got more aggressive, I think that's only good and it would be up to us to make sure we're better at executing so that the customer chooses us over them.
Brad Smith: Yeah. Thanks, Brad. It's a business that we're excited about as a new front door and why we say that is because we learned that when a small business is getting started the first thing they have to do is get found and get customers and then they worry about what they are going to record in their accounting software. And it's proven to be true. That's why we've been able to put some marketing muscle behind it with the Intuit brand and you've seen us running TV ads. And we've been growing that customer base pretty aggressively. The better news is, we've been testing what are the right products to attach to a website and while it's still early in the game things like email marketing and things like accepting electronic payments and credit cards are two very promising attach opportunities. So in terms of quantifying how big it could be, it's one of those front doors that will ultimately have other services attached to it but I would tell you we're excited enough about it that we're continuing to advertise it on TV. And about everywhere you turn, if it's not a TurboTax ad you see, it's an Intuit website ad you see and that pretty much gives you how much confidence we have.
Brad Smith: Yeah. Sure, Ross. So I would say and we would say that the trends will continue to shift online. That's where the future game is going. Even with the numbers you cited, the online category growing 23% over a pretty healthy clip this time last year and then the desktop, just slow, just eroding less slowly. So instead of being down several digits, it's down one digit this year. I think that's an indication that the game is going online. What I believe and what we believe so far that we've seen is just really good execution at retail. And last year there was a little bit of confusion in the market because we made a change to how many e-file returns would be included in desktop. H&R Block made a change and those value propositions were trying to get clearly communicated in the market and that probably played a little bit into what happened last year and this year those messages are a lot cleaner and tighter. But net-net, I wouldn't read anything into whether we think if it's going to shift back to desktop. We do see this game going to the web and it's only going to continue to do so.
Brad Smith: Yes. So I'll start with the payments business. It has single-digit penetration into our QuickBooks space. And so we have a lot of opportunity to continue to sell to existing QuickBooks users, as well as capture new users. Now, we do believe that the better opportunity to get them to buy an additional service is earlier in the relationship with us, call it the first few years. There's still all kinds of opportunity for us to go against customers that have been using QuickBooks for a lot of years. On payroll, the growth you see there is not only continuing to sell into the QuickBooks space, which we still have opportunity to do but it's also the ability now to get non-QuickBooks customers to come in for our online payroll offering, which was previously known as PayCycle and so we have a lot of opportunity there as well. But net-net, it is just better penetration into the QuickBooks base for payment and for payroll, it is the QuickBooks space, plus the new online payroll offering going against non-QuickBooks customers.
Brad Smith: Yes. I would tell you, I think that the tax category has been pretty competitive for quite a few years and it's been shifting online for as many years as well. I think it comes down to better execution and an easier to use product that people will then start talking about positively in the market. We have a lot of advertising out there. Our competitors do as well. If you go on the web, you'll see TurboTax ads pretty much on all the major websites and search engines. But then after that, you have to go to the user reviews and see what customers are saying. And TurboTax continues to have a very positive word of mouth and that helps accelerate our growth rate. So I think it comes down to having a good quality product and having a good execution behind our advertising and marketing.
Brad Smith: Great. Thank you, Patty. And we want to thank everybody, again, for joining us and thanks for the great questions. We clearly feel good about our performance in the second quarter. From our view, this is our second raise in guidance for the year. In the first quarter, we saw the opportunity to go ahead and absorb the dilution from our IRES divestiture and our acquisition of Mint and that was in the neighborhood of 4 to $0.05. And in this particular quarter, obviously we continue to feel good about our execution, so we've taken it up another $0.08. And so net-net, we're feeling good about the year and we're looking forward to talking to you again in another quarter. Take care, everybody.
Neil Williams: Yeah. Laura, just quickly, we've talked to you about being able to grow our revenue faster than our expenses and you see that continue throughout first six months of this year and we feel really good about the model. We think there's continued opportunity. And we like the dynamics of adding customers and growing and adding leverage through accelerating our revenue growth really well. So, we don't talk about long-term growth, percentages or goals necessarily in those terms, but the basic operating model and our basic operating principal of managing our expense growth in our investments could be slower than our revenue growth that stays intact.
Neil Williams: Bryan, personal management software is about a third of the other category. And as Brad mentioned, while we're ahead of three weeks expected to be in terms of active users and revenue per customer, it's still off a pretty small base with Mint. So the key driver in the category right now is still Quicken.
Neil Williams: Bryan, just to tie up the last part of your question, the FX impact is about $3 million in the quarter on that line, positive.
Neil Williams: Hi, Sara, this is Neil. Nothing really unusual in the second quarter, other than just strong performance and good execution, as Brad mentioned. We had the sale of IRES and those proceeds that came in, but offsetting that, we also had great performance with our employee stock purchase and option exercises in the quarter as well. So other than those things, I would go back to the operating income being the primary driver and executing on our stock repurchase program, as we've talked about.
Neil Williams: And secondly, we are on a multi-year journey to transition our hosting activities to our new data center in Quincy, Washington that we built and opened last year. And this is a state of the art facility with best in class utility costs and as we move forward to get our SAS offerings hosted in that environment, it gives us an opportunity to actually bring our operating costs down we think from our model today, rather than see an incremental cost. So we think there are advantages in the operating model that are unique to Intuit, but we think it gives us continued opportunities to drive operating margins, even as we grow in SAS revenue.
Neil Williams: Scott, this is Neil. At this point, it's still too early for us to grow any firm conclusions from that, we're watching it carefully. But it's too early for us to really draw any conclusions or make any comments about that.
Neil Williams: Brad, this is Neil. We worked on that a lot in the last couple years. We work with the large suppliers very closely. This is clearly an area that's a big opportunity for us and the stores have gotten much better on this, too. Clearly they are controlling their inventory costs and they want to have items in the store that they know they are going to sell in a quick period of time. So when you see those large pallets in Costco, you can assume there's a pretty tight correlation between their prediction of how many they are going to sell and how many we have on the floor. So we watch that carefully but I don't see that as a big risk for us.
