Sasan Goodarzi: Great. Thanks, Michelle. I am very proud of the team and all that we have accomplished together in fiscal year 2020. We are uniquely positioned to make a positive impact on the world, as our mission has never been more meaningful than now to power prosperity around the world. I look forward to sharing with you how our strategy of an AI-driven expert platform and our five Big Bets are accelerating innovation at our virtual Investor Day on September 23rd. Let’s now open it up to your questions.
Sasan Goodarzi: So let me -- I am aware of the stats, maybe if I can just touch on history and touch on how we think about the future. If I take us back to the recession in 2008 and the way that played out in ‘08 and ‘09, what we saw in filings was they were kind of flat to down just a little bit. And so even in very tough times, you saw a general flat environment when it came to number of filings. Now, these times are a bit different than ‘08 and ‘09, but history is always important to look at. When we look ahead, a couple of things, one is unemployment was very low at the beginning of this fiscal year and unemployment also gets taxed. And so when we think about 2021 and beyond, there may be -- the filings maybe down a bit, or they may be close to flat. It does not at all change our strategic focus. And just as a refresher we are really focused on expanding our Do-It-Yourself category. There’s still a massive opportunity that I believe we are just getting started and transforming the assisted category. And so when you look at our penetration and the assisted category when you look at the opportunity we still have in expanding the Do-It-Yourself category, we believe that the long-term expectations of what we have set around 8% to 12% Consumer Group revenue growth still stands. So that’s how we think about the couple of years that are upcoming given the number of folks that are unemployed.
Sasan Goodarzi: Just one thing I would add that’s complementary to what Michelle just shared. The facts are always friendly, right? And when you think about those 86 million folks in the assisted category, it’s a $20 billion TAM and this is now heading into our sort of fourth year in transforming the category. We have not really even hit the inflection point of what’s possible, so just it’s an important reminder that we are in the early days of transforming the assisted category.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. Ken, I hope you are doing well. In terms of the question around e-commerce, I think, the place I would start is one of the companies’ five Big Bets is about being the center of Small Business growth with a particular focus on transforming omnichannel commerce. And the biggest thing that we have found in all homes and the tests that we have run this past year is for our customers is actually quite easy to launch on new channels, whether it’s Etsy, whether it’s Instagram, whether it’s Facebook, Amazon. The biggest challenge they have is they actually choke their growth, because they really lose sight of which customers are coming from which channels, the profitability, the connection to their inventory and ultimately fulfillment. So the worst thing for a Small Business, particularly the ones that we serve is not being able to fulfill an order. So really our focus is to truly be an agnostic open platform to partner with the channels that are out there, again, the ones that I mentioned, also partner with those that provide websites and also the PLS providers, while really focusing on the core of what matters most to our customers and our core competency, which is around helping customers -- our customers with understanding the profitability by channel, connecting them to inventory. And so our acquisition of TradeGecko is, I think, a huge first step and we will share what we are launching at Investor Day, that really focuses on inventory order management and allows our customers to really take control of the thing that right now they don’t have control of to give them the confidence to then open up across other channels. And so we will not only share what we are launching at Investor Day, but we will also reiterate the vision and where we are headed, what you can expect from us in the years to come. But this is a really important first step given all the work that we have done in the last year to be positioned to go after the, I would say, the highest order problem that our customers face.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Robert. Sure. I think, the way you ought to think about it is when you put yourself in the shoes of the Small Business. There’s a few things that they need to be able to do. They depending on their products, may want to get set up on what we call mega channels. Again, it could be the walmart.com, Etsy, Amazon, Instagram. They may want to be able to also have their own store set up. They may want to ensure that they have a PLS provider to be able to transact with customers in a physical world. So then they also need to be able to manage all of their financials. They need to understand the profitability of their customers. It’s got to be connected to inventory, so inventory can automatically remind them that they are about to run out of inventory and to order more and to be able to fulfill their orders on time and so shipments and delivery on time. And also ensuring that their accounting is done right, that they are compliant and if they need access to money and loans, that they have that ability, and in that context of making sure, when you think about our platform, we have really been positioned over the years to deliver for service based businesses and this is an area where we believe we have a right to win to deliver product for product based businesses when it comes to financial compliance. So right now our initial focus is really just nailing order management and inventory management. It’s actually critical to ensuring that our customers have the confidence they can fulfill orders and actually understand their profitability, while we then establish partnerships beyond that with some of the channels that, I mentioned, the PLS providers and even some of the website builders. We truly want to be an open agnostic platform to focus on the problems that matter most and we believe an open platform is necessary to be able to ensure that customers have choice in how they choose to run their business. So initial focus is inventory and order management and this is really about rapid testing, experimentation and scaling what works well, and that’s the way we are thinking about it.
Sasan Goodarzi: We have as you heard Michelle talk to, we have experienced really all of our key trends improve and retention specific to your question has improved from what we talked about last quarter. We do expect that it will be down approximately 2 points for the year, but we have seen an improvement over the last quarter. And I think more broadly, I would say, that being the source of truth for our customer’s business has always been the case, but I think this pandemic has actually even made us more relevant because the shift to online whether it’s payments, payroll, accounting, compliance, it’s just become even more critical than it was four months or five months ago and so that over time may actually even impact retention more so. But we expect to be down 2 points for the year, and again, the trends have improved.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure. Good to hear from you, Siti, and thank you for your kind words. We are really proud of the progress in TurboTax Live. Just as a reminder, one of the biggest things that we learned last year was we needed to really improve the first-time experience and the first user experience for our customers. We need to make sure that they had really access to an expert throughout the offering and actually reminding them that they have an access to an expert along the way. And on the other side, making the experience just really drop-dead easy for our experts, making sure that at the fingertips of our experts is insight for our customers from the moment they engage them, whether it’s through chat or through video that they can resolve their issue. This is really -- this is a digital platform and it’s a service offering. So the experts play such a critical role in the experience. And I would tell you that across the Board, the metrics that we look at are retention, conversion. It’s PRS, product recommendation score for both the customer that is using the platform and also the experts. The happier the expert is, the more they feel they can solve the customer’s problem, the higher in essence the recommendation score they give. And then we also look at efficiency, are they effectively able to solve the customers’ problem? And across the Board, across every metric, it’s been up and to the right, and so we have a lot of confidence. We are better this year than we were last year and I have every bit of confidence that we will be better a year from now. But across all of those key metrics, we significantly improved and so I would just expect our momentum and the kind of focus that our employees have on our customers to deliver better experiences, both our customers and our experts. So that’s a little bit of a snapshot as to the progress that we have made up and to the right on all of the key metrics.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. One of the things that we have seen and we are fortunate that our Big Bets are the core of the shift, which is we are seeing more and more folks shift to a virtual world. We are seeing more and more folks want to shift to online solutions and omnichannel solutions. And then third is money matters more than ever, whether you are a Consumer, Self-Employed or Small Business. And I think the thing that we are experiencing although to your point that we are not at pre-COVID level yet -- levels yet, many customers are seeing that using our cloud offering gives them the ability to be able to engage with customers in the cloud and to help them avoid interaction in the physical world, higher usage of payments and payroll potentially over time, and frankly being compliant, a lot of customers realize that they weren’t compliant and it was hard for them to get access to loans. So I think this environment has just -- we are seeing that shift to the cloud, and I think, that’s why we have seen an acceleration in our acquisition compared to where we were just a quarter ago, although still below the pre-COVID levels.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. Kirk, good to hear from you and I hope you are safe and well. Particularly in the area that you asked the question, we are actually the low-cost alternative both with QuickBooks Live and QuickBooks Advanced. When you look at QuickBooks Advanced, first of all, this is one of the teams that just is innovating at a very rapid pace to ensure that our mid-market customers have all the capabilities that they need to be able to run their business, whether it’s something we have built or other apps that our partners build on our platform, but in a very disruptive price. So I would say in some ways, QuickBooks Advanced becomes even more attractive than otherwise in this current environment because we are the low cost provider. And I would say the same thing for QuickBooks Live. These are folks that ultimately come to us that have been using bookkeepers and accountants and they are very dialed into what they have been paying and they really come to us because of the experience that they have had potentially with their bookkeepers and accountants, whereas we have a set of standards around what we expect in terms of the experience that our bookkeepers need to deliver for our customers. And so in that case, we also tend to be the low-cost provider and so we have become even more attractive in an environment like this. So that’s the way we think about pricing. We believe that in these two areas, we are actually probably more attractive choice than others.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. Absolutely. From a geographic perspective, I would say, the U.S. is probably holding up the strongest, probably next followed by Canada and then the U.K. But I would say, U.S. is held up the strongest and I think a lot of it just has to do with the nature of how the health crisis is being managed and how open the economy is, because all these Small Businesses have one commonality across the world. They are passionate about what they do and it’s the way they earn their living, but with that said, U.S. has been the strongest. And of course, from the trends perspective, as you heard from Michelle, we have seen across the Board our trends improve and now stabilize. They are not at pre-COVID levels. But I would say solid improvement just in the last three months as the economy has opened up a bit.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Sure, Brent. Good to hear from you, and again, I hope you are safe and well. First of all, I would start with the point you made which is exactly right. At the end of the day, getting a store set up to be able to do business, you have to be able to accept payments, you have to -- you want to hire contractors or full-time employees, you have to use payroll, especially if you are a younger smaller business, you need access to loans and so then you need to make sure that you are compliant. And so that’s where all of our services come in and why they -- why even in this environment as we look ahead, our services become even more critical to ensure a customer can be organized, get paid and run their business profitability. So with that as context, I think, the second context I would just bring up is, it is remarkable how resilient our platform and business model is. You saw what happened last quarter when we talked about some of the trends and how the trends had kind of fallen off given that we shutdown the economy in the U.S. and how they have bounced back. Again, all still not to pre-COVID levels but they have bounced back. And so really to, I think, the second part of your question, the way we are thinking about the future is in context of what you heard from Michelle. If the economy continues on the track that it’s on and gets to normalized levels in spring of 2021, as long as Small Businesses are able to do business, I think, our platform is going to benefit. So a lot of our performance because the platform is resilient, the business model is resilient, it’s more than ever it’s times like this when customers need our platform. I think a lot of it will just depend on how the economy opens up because we are in the cloud, we have capabilities in the cloud, and our customers need our capabilities plus we are an agnostic platform. We believe the way you deliver for customers is to have partnerships with all these key players and I just think that that advantages our network, but that’s the way we think about it.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Very good question. And it’s actually we think about the category very differently now than we did four to five years ago and for us it’s about the entire category of filers and not just about the Do-It-Yourself category. So just if I could refresh us on the fact that the do-it-yourself category is about $6 billion TAM, the assisted category is about $20 billion in TAM, and of course, what we declared in consumer finance is north of $55 million in the TAM. And so for us, what is most important is the share that we have in the entire category and so we are very, very pleased with the fact that our share of the entire category is up 1.5 points and that is really how we measure success, and that is really our goal line, because when you think about the dollar share of the Do-It-Yourself category, we have the majority of the share, we are focused on the assisted category, whether it’s $20 billion of opportunity for us.
Sasan Goodarzi: You are very welcome. So a couple of things I would say, one is, it is inspirational and remarkable how resilient Small Businesses are and how they are looking to adjust how they can still serve their customers. And I would just say, that’s an uber point where if one door shuts for them, they open up another door to figure out if there is a different way to serve their customers. So that’s really important to recognize and as long as they can manage their task load, they are going to find other ways to be able to serve their customers, which really gets to the second point and that is I think there -- it’s become very apparent, one, how meaningful and relevant we are in this environment to help our customers operate in the cloud. There was an element of well, I can just manage through multiple different, use paper and pen and my bookkeeper to run my business. I think people are now seeing, hey, what, I can be far more effective invoicing and getting paid instantly, being able to do payroll and ensure that I am accurate in my payroll, so I am not paying penalties or ensuring that I am organized, so I understand my task force, especially with a lot of launches that we talked about with our QuickBooks cash and cash flow planner to be effective. So I think what you are seeing is I have an opportunity to much more effective and efficient with my cash flow using Intuit’s platform and the cloud, and the resiliency of our Small Businesses just finding new and unique ways to do business, while we are I think experiencing the bounce back relative to the last quarter. Again, reminding us though that they are still not at the pre-COVID levels.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. Yeah. Sure, Scott. Good to hear from you. Hope you are well. I would focus on the fact that we truly manage investments and margins at the company level. What really matters most is that we delivered 13% revenue and 17% operating income both GAAP and non-GAAP and EPS grew 16%. And so our leverage is more and more at the company level, because we are truly more and more building services across our platform at the company level. And so margin levels moving up or down a point, I wouldn’t get overly excited about it at the segment level, because of the fact that we are making our investment choices the way we are running the company is more and more at a platform across the company. So I would really look at company level performance and not just segment level performance because of how we are making our investment choices and we are getting a lot of leverage because of the way we are doing it.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. Absolutely. So let me just first share with you the objectives that we have that we shared in previous years when it comes to taxes. One is, we are a big believer in voluntary tax. Two, we are a big believer that those that are deserving whether it’s income levels and military and we want to make sure that they can get their taxes done for free and in some cases philosophy. And last but not least is, we always want to enhance our reputation, so that’s kind of one bucket of objectives to think about. The second is our strategy and it’s very much intertwined. When we talk about the notion of expanding our lead in the Do-It-Yourself category transforming the assisted category and disrupting consumer finance, the core part of our strategy is actually for those that deserve it to give them the ability to do their taxes for free because over time they can not only grow with us but also we can solve other problems beyond tax. So that’s the way we think about our strategy, that’s the way we think about our innovation and we are very dedicated to helping those that deserve it most to get their taxes done for free. So that’s -- those are the things that ultimately inform how we think about SLK.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Sterling, thank you for the question. First of all, we don’t break out what the percentage of our base is that uses Payroll. But what I would share is some of the stats and take you back to some of the stats that Michelle shared, which is, we have actually seen a nice bounce back of companies in essence running Payroll. It’s still below pre-COVID levels, but we have seen a nice bounce back. And they have less employees but the number of companies running payroll has bounced back nicely. I think that’s one indication that we look at. I think the broader indication that we look at is really cash flow and when we look at across our base, remember, 70% of our base of service-based businesses, whether it’s real estate, landscaping, bookkeeping, computer and software. We look across who we serve and we also look by state, which is very different. We are seeing a nice bounce back in places like North Carolina, Georgia, New Jersey and Arizona, but on the other hand states that are recovering slower New York, California, Michigan, just to give a couple of examples. And when we look across industries and across those states, this is based on our own analysis of those that have connected to QuickBooks their bank accounts. We see their bank averages could range from being down 10% to up towards 20%. So what we really monitor is cash flow, because that is ultimately the biggest indication as to whether or not are they going to be able to make it through these times and that is really what we are -- what informs some of the indicators that you heard Michelle talk to. And last but not least, we expect our retention to be down about 2 points this year given some of what we experienced with our customers being shut down.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Jen, thank you for your question and hope you are well and safe. We have never lacked conviction around TurboTax Live. We believe that we are just at the beginning of really creating a platform that goes viral, because the more people that do their taxes digitally with help coming to them in any frame that they need it, whether it’s in their home or in their office, the more they are going to tell others and the more this will go viral. And I think, as I have shared before, based on the research and work that we have done, out of the 86 million folks that use an assisted method, about 70 million or so are willing to switch. So our focus has been experimenting, learning, looking at our results both in terms of how we raise awareness, how we bring folks into consideration and then the experience that we deliver on the platform. And I would just tell you that a year later we are a lot better than we were this time last year, particularly this extended tax season, albeit we all wished it would have ended in April given the tax put on our employees. We were able to actually experiment for another three months. So we ran a lot of tests on our platform and both in terms of how to raise awareness but also how to really nail the experience when customers come in. And as I mentioned earlier, all of our metrics, conversion, retention, PRS for both customers and our experts were all up and to the right. So based on what we learned this year, not just the results, but more importantly the learning, that actually gives us a lot more conviction of what we need to do for this coming tax season and even beyond. And so we feel blessed with the insights of learnings and we will absolutely be leaning in. But not just because of our results. We have had a lot of conviction, but just because of our learnings it allows us to be clear in terms of where we point our innovation.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Michael, thank you for your question and I also hope you are safe and well. Let me hit on two things. I mean, I think, one, what I would say based on history. We know that we are a globe of entrepreneurs. And sometimes it’s out of passion for an idea that you have and sometimes it’s because you need to figure out a way to create income. And so at the end of the day, we don’t build our business on hoping that there will be a lot of SMB new starts, but certainly in an environment like this could be a trigger for new Self-Employed and Small Businesses, and we certainly, want to be there for them the moment they have an idea and a passion to pursue something. And as you heard from Michelle earlier, just a lot of it depends on just how we see the health crisis play out and therefore the impact on the economy. On the tax side on your question about the experience that folks may have gotten whether or not they would be unlikely to switch back to their old method. The thing that we have learned over the years, this isn’t the first year that we have gotten a lot of our customers from the assisted segment. It all comes down to the experience. And the confidence that they have in doing their taxes right, the confidence that they have in getting their maximum refund and we feel good about the experience that we delivered this year for customers based on our product recommendation scores. And so we also learned a lot in terms of what we need to do to continue to improve our platform. So we would hope that our retention rates play out next year the way they have in previous years, but it’s primarily because of the type of experience that we deliver and of course this time next year will be far better in terms of the experiences that we will deliver, that we are even now given our rapid testing and learning mindset. So that’s the way I would think about your two questions.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Michael, thank you for your question. First of all, I would start with the principles that Michelle talked about earlier and I will just touch on a few of them as a starting point to answer your question, because it is how we run the company. And ultimately our principles are we want to grow revenue double-digits. We want to grow operating income faster than revenue. We want to make sure that we get 15% return on our investments and ensure that we solve our customer’s most important problems. In that context and you have heard Michelle and I talk about it in the last year that we are really just continuing to be at the beginning of our platform journey. And that journey really means that we are going to continue to get better at building services one so that they can be used across the company. You heard some of our metrics around 50% increase in the number of AI models we have deployed this year, our velocity being up 3X compared to last year. That’s all innovation. But that’s also efficiency and effectiveness. And although, we don’t set out a specific goal of increasing operating margins, because we want to make sure that we can simply deliver against the principle of operating income growing faster than revenue, I think, the result of becoming more effective and efficient could suggest that over time our operating margins will expand. And as you said yourself, we did actually spend more money in tax this year because of the extended season. It was both in marketing and customer success because we wanted to be there for our customers, because in essence we had two tax seasons in one. So we actually did spend more money. And as you saw, we expanded our operating margins because I think we are starting to see the leverage of our platform and that was not by accident.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Thank you for your question, Josh, and hope you are safe and well. First of all, you said it, we are very, very early. We have been working on this for some time, but we are very early, but we are very excited and I wouldn’t think about QuickBooks Cash as a service. I would think about it as a very disruptive way for achieving this notion of truly being the source of truth for a customer’s business. And just think about it in terms of a place where you can receive and send money. So when you do work for a customer and you invoice them, it automatically gets dumped into your QuickBooks Cash account where you can in essence have interest that you gain on your money, a place that you can just pay your employees right out of your QuickBooks Cash account, a place where you can buy inventory from your QuickBooks Cash account, a place where you can get access to capital from your QuickBooks Cash account. And while you are doing all that, because it’s all happening in your QuickBooks Cash account, the accounting is actually getting done for you and so you don’t actually have to do a bunch of reconciliation. That’s really what we are focused on really creating in terms of a benefit for our customers and something that customers won’t tell you that they need this, but when you really listen to what gets in their way, it’s just can I have something that everything gets done for me and that’s really the intent of QuickBooks Cash. We are just excited with the launch. We are excited to learn, to adjust, to test and to scale this very fast and it’s something that we are going to talk about our virtual gallery walk at Investor Day in September. So hopefully that entices you to show up. It should be fun.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. I would tell you that as tradition would hold for Intuit, we always set very, very ambitious goals for ourselves for the near-term and for the long-term, because it really just forces us to take bigger swings for our customers. So I won’t get into how we did versus our internals. But what I would tell you is that we feel truly terrific about the results, because literally on every dimension that you look at it, new customers growing 70%, 70% coming from the assisted segment, conversion being up year-over-year, retention being up year-over-year, PRX being up for our customers, PRX being up for our experts, our experts actually being very efficient delivering the 60 million hours that they engaged with our customers. We are really happy with the end result because it was truly an end to end experience that the team delivered. And we learned a ton, we learned what was not working. We learned how to be more effective. We learned how to deploy our AI models even more effectively, so that we can have the insights at the fingertips of our experts so they can deliver for customers. This is truly a digital service experience and so we are excited for next year and the next five years to come.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Kartik, good to hear your voice and hope you are also keeping well my friend. So I think the uber point, I would say, is we are just obsessively focused on our customers. When you think about what our teams did in the last 12 weeks with PPP, with the GoFundMe platform that funded $37 million, with our Instant Deposit being free through July. Just to name a few, extending the deferred payment of our QuickBooks Capital customers, those that were really struggling and needed the help. We will make the right choice for our customers, and ultimately, we want to make sure that the value equation makes sense based on the rapid progress of our innovation and the fact that our speed of innovation is up 3x versus last year. So we always want to make sure that the value equation makes sense. But we are just going to see how the health crisis plays out and how the economy plays out and make our pricing decisions based on the principles that we have at the right time and this isn’t the time to share when that is, because we really want to see how things play out. But that’s principally the way we think about it.
Sasan Goodarzi: Absolutely. And in fact, I would tell you that we play the long game here when it comes to our R&D investments, and as I mentioned earlier, I think, we are just picking up momentum truly operating as a platform company and the innovation that we delivered this year was just -- got accelerated from just even a year ago. And by the way, that’s been the trend we have been on for the company for the last 37 years and so we are actually -- we use opportunities like this to accelerate innovation and become much more effective, because we know one day we are going to get the value for it, for our customers and for shareholders. So the short answer or the long answer, I should say is, absolutely yes.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Hi, Brad. Hope you are well and safe. Ultimately, it’s the test that we run. It is very similar to what we do in TurboTax and across the Live platform. At the end of the day, it comes down to understanding the benefit that you are delivering and whether or not a customer is willing to pay for it. But we also think about it relative to the impact on retention in the long-term. And so based on those in essence levers that inform the things that we test inclusive of even tests to come where we may choose to have accounting being free but then charge for services. So it really comes down to the experiments that we run and we let the data help inform strategically the choices that we make and that’s primarily the way we have operated for years across the company.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. I will. Just wanted to thank everyone for your time and all the great questions today and I want to just close by once again thanking our employees and our customers and partners. We would not be where we are without the incredible stakeholders that we serve and we look forward to seeing all of you at our virtual Investor Day in September. Until then be safe and be well.
