Brad Smith: Yes. Walter, it’s Brad. Thank you. First of all, we would tell you the important thing to think about is that desktop and online are not a zero sum gain. In fact, what we are doing is we are expanding the total addressable market. And I know that I have had a couple of shareholders ask me questions about the fact sheet we used to report years ago that included the number of desktop customers that run the last 3 years version. We don’t report that anymore. And so there was a question of hey, is that number actually decreasing faster than online subs are growing and are you losing customers? So I will tell you what, we will share some information at this moment that actually is subs that we used to publish. So, everyone has got the same data. If you take the total number of QuickBooks desktop customers and look at the ones that are on the last 3 years version, these are the active customers and then you add that to the online subscribers and the desktop subscribers, the total base is up 4%. That is the first time that base has grown in over a decade. If you then take that number and say, how many actually paid us this year? They either bought a version of desktop in the last 12 months or they got a subscriber, subscription promise. That number is up 20%. And then if you look at total new users, whether they bought desktop or online, that’s up 16%. So no matter how you cut it, the headline is we are expanding TAM. We are growing our base. We are entering new markets. And we feel very good that both the desktop and the online business are growing. And time to desktop, the thing that we discovered is what we talked about on the last call. We have a group of customers that even with feature parity and even with pricing concessions do not want to move to the cloud right now either because their accountant isn’t yet in the cloud or the Small Business just likes the product the way they have it and they don’t want to make the move. We want to make sure they remain active customers of Intuit and that they are buying payroll and payment services, so we want to keep them delighted. So, we are making sure that the desktop customers are happy. The cloud customers are happy. And that those who want to move over, we want to make it easy for them to do that. So net-net, we have a very vibrant ecosystem right now. It’s growing in total. And the online subs for us, actually was right on our expectations. I felt great about 45% growth. I feel good about the momentum we have in the countries outside the U.S. And most importantly, I love the facts we are expanding TAM, both new countries as well as self-employed, which give us a lot of runway for the future. So, that’s how we felt about the QuickBooks business overall.
Brad Smith: Yes, I can. As you might imagine, it’s a country by country story. So in each country, we have the different set of strategic outcomes. We fundamentally believe that certain markets right now we have a real advantage and we have momentum and we are going to invest to win in that market. In other countries, we know that we are moving in and we are the second placed player. And so we want to be a challenger in that market and for every specific country, Neil and I have sat with the country managers and we have agreed upon an LTV to cap and it’s a multiyear target. So, we actually have where should we be a year from now, 2 years from now, 3 yeas from now? In some cases, we pushed that number a little further out for strategic reasons. In other cases, we say we think we can get the profitability a little bit sooner. But it truly as a country by country formula and make no mistake, we see a lot of upside and the number one focus we have is expanding TAM and accelerating customer growth, because we know lifetime value will come over time. We just want to mature we are doing that prudently with the right cost to acquire.
Brad Smith: Got it. Thank you, Keith. First of all, thanks for the feedback on the quarter. Let me talk to tax first. The results you saw this year are the results of a multiyear investment we have been making in product and innovation, which is not easily matched by competition. I mentioned a couple of things in my opening talk track that even though we had success with Absolute Zero, we also had success when competitors matched Absolute Zero and we were head to head and we took share and we also had success after Absolute Zero was done and we were at full price. What’s happening right now was we are really making big advances towards taxes completely going away and having no friction for customers to get to the refund. And you heard me talk about this year on average customer spent 40% less time having to do their taxes. That is not stuff that competition can match. Now at the same time, I will tell you we have a lot of respect for our competition. We don’t underestimate them when we know every year is going to be competitive. But do I believe that the same can continue to advance our product innovation and as a result, continue to win more customers and take share? I do. That’s the expectation we have of ourselves and that’s the expectation we want to deliver for our customers as the product basically get them closer to taxes were done. So, said another way, I don’t buy the law of large numbers in our case. We are going to continue to work hard to get at that number. The second is QBO an acceleration, you are right, for us to deliver the 2 million to the 2.2 million subs growth, you are going to continue to see an acceleration in terms of the net adds we bring in on a quarterly basis. We fully know that and we continue to reinforce our confidence in that. And you may ask why? Well, remember, one of the things we talked about when we gave that forecast is we needed to have total subs growth on a 40% compounded annual growth rate. Well, this quarter was 45%. The second thing is, while we have made some adjustments outside the U.S. and Canada and India, we have got a clear path of how to get those countries repositioned in a good way. UK and Australia are on fire and we just brought on two new countries, Brazil and France. And so we believe with the expanding TAM and the fact that were early innings in both self-employed and global as well as the fact that the U.S. grew in the mid-30s, we see our way to the 2 to 2.2. We are not batting an eye and your math is correct, we think that is doable.
Brad Smith: Yes, Kash, thank you. I would say, first of all, at face value, the one thing we have to keep in mind is we have a growing base of self-employed customers on these QBO numbers. And so those self-employed customers by definition don’t have employees so they don’t need payroll. And many times they are driving for Uber or somebody else and they don’t need payments. And so if you actually look at it on an apples-to-apples basis, our tax rate remains very healthy compared to where it was a year ago. At the same time, we do see opportunity to continue to improve the attach rate. We are focused on first use, making sure we reduced the friction and the customer experience and continuing to get those services available outside the U.S. and the non-U.S. countries, which will allow us to bring that penetration and that attach rate up for the total base. So, you are correct, we do think that there is still opportunity there. We are working on it hard. That one of the things you have to look at right now in the absolute numbers is keep in mind that last quarter, we had 50,000 QBO self-employed. This quarter, we have 75,000. And that number doesn’t come with payroll and payments opportunities today. And so that basically makes the attach rate put the way they do. The other thing I would say about the ability to improve the revenue, the ecosystem in addition to attach is obviously, we have shared with you in the past, we have customers that come in that first year on a promotional pricing period. When they hit the 13th month, that average revenue per customer for that unit goes up about 15% and we are going to have customers rolling off that promotional pricing period and that’s going to help us bring revenue up. The last piece I will add, so in addition to attach rates and moving off of promotional pricing is retention. A year ago, we have been talking to you about attention in the low to mid-70s. We now talk to you on QBO about retention in the high 70s and starting to tickle the low 80s. And every point of retention adds the net 15,000 subs. And so that number is also a lever that we continue to improve and we have improved significantly over the last 12 months. So those are the piece of cash, I know there is a lot of math in there. Those are the pieces that kind of lead us to the confidence we have in the actual online ecosystem revenue. It is attach rates. It is retention and it is rolling off the promotional pricing.
Brad Smith: Yes. Kash, I appreciate the feedback and the compliment comparing us to our friends here in the valley. We have a lot of respect for them. This is one of those mindset things. It’s hard to management to say what is the limitation, so we actually look the number of people that are paying, employees and saying we should have 100% of them that are using QBO. And how many are accepting credit card and we should say hey, we should have 100% of them. We know right now about have of small business accept payments and so we think that number is a good aspirational goal somewhere between here and there is reality. But right now, I would hate to limit our potential by putting a number out there that our employees think is okay, the best we can be. Payroll for us is typically we say about 40% to 50% of desktop customers. Since right now, our QBO feature functionality is a little more service oriented, I would somewhere in the 30 to 40 is a sort of the near-term, but I think over time, you are looking at half of the base using payroll as well.
Brad Smith: Yes. Brent, I would be happy to do that. I will start with, it was just a short time ago in the fall at Investor Day when we remove the original target of 2 million subs, which was the original outlook for 2017. And we raised it to 2 million to 2.2 million. And we said hey, that’s a new your goal and that was about nine months ago, not even nine months ago. And then from there of course, we have been accelerating. And so to do that, we have to deliver 40% plus CAGR. And we have been above that number. And so we actually are achieving the outcomes that we set for ourselves internally. Now along the way, we have had some learning. One was Canada, as you know we found out that we were selling units through retail and then they weren’t retaining at the levels we expected them to and so we shutdown that channel. I would tell you that Canada pivot is now behind us and the momentum is rebuilding in Canada and we feel very good about the Canada outlook right now. The other area was India. And India is where we didn’t take the time to localize the product and get all the compliance features of the levels that accountants would have confidence to recommend it. As a result, they were recommending our product in conjunction with another product and it was becoming a companion app. We did not want that to be the brand and so we have now stopped that. We have actually been finalizing the product, localization and we are now starting to go direct to small businesses while we are getting back out to accountants and let him know the new version. That one is not as far along as Canada, but we are already seeing the progress in India as well. The last two are the new countries. Brazil, which has now afforded its acquisition we did a year ago called ZeroPaper, reporting over on to QBO and we are starting to accelerate there. And then France, we just did general release. So when you put that together U.S. remained strong, self employed is opening a new market. Canada is back on track. India has made its turn. Brazil and France are ramping up and UK and Australia remain gain busters. And so we feel good about our 2 million to 2.2 million. I understand there is a little bit if you have to have faith and confidence if you would just take a look at what we delivered so far. But I hope that that we can demonstrate through the first quarter, the second quarter that we are going to be on track to deliver those numbers because we certainly feel good about them or we wouldn’t reiterate the guidance.
Brad Smith: Yes, Scott. Thanks for the question. In terms of elaborating on TurboTax, as you know, the full season and we picked up a little over 3 points a share. As you look at it in pieces and parts sort of early season, what happened in the core season, why Absolute Zero was an offering and then what happened at the end of season when Absolute Zero stocks being offered by us, although one of our competitors continue to offer a version of it out there and we went back to full price. We took equal parts share throughout the season. So, we didn’t have any variation that said, hey, this will hold the result of this. And then you step back and say, well, what drove that? Well, when you look at it this year, the team put out 3x, three times more the product innovation than we did last year over 20 new product feature functionality and innovations where I put into the product. And that was a really good campaign that I think resonated, where people really felt more self-empowered was what actually drove our competitor advantage this year. And so, that’s really the TurboTax piece. In terms of ACA and price, we have been pretty consistent on ACA. It’s just the next piece of legislation that’s been introduced by government. The cause of people to say, this is complicated and our job is to say no, you are capable of doing it, we will make it simple. And we worked really hard for 3 years to do that and the Affordable Care Act has not been a headwind at all. In fact, it’s been one of the highest converting aspects of our website. In terms of fraud, we will have a summit again in the summertime with the rest of the industry and the IRS Commissioner. But I think we all collectively feel good that we made big advances this year as an industry and we think that those advances will continue as we look ahead to next year and we remain committed to getting bad actors out of the U.S. tax system.
Brad Smith: Yes. So, let me just start with the second part of the question first. If you back out the Self-Employed and the non-U.S. QBO subs, I am looking at Matt and Jerry, I know we had done some math on that and I believe the answer is they are a little bit year-over-year. So, thank you for that. We got so many different pieces of math here. The second piece was then what are we doing in addition to new. And the good news is with someone is coming in and making an accounting decision the best time to get them signed up for payroll and payments is in that first 90-day window, but that doesn’t mean we can’t go back and continue to drive penetration into the base. And at FAS product you are able to do that, you are able to do that with special offers, you are able to do that moment of truth sort of pop-ups and things that will say, hey, you decided another employee, which is like to sign up for payroll services. And just as we are learning in TurboTax, we can use machine learning and data science to look for more creative ways to expose them to these kinds of offers. And so I have to tell you, TurboTax has been leading the way and using data as a way to attach products and services. And we are now bringing that same level of rigor to the QuickBooks Online team and we are trying to use that as a way to improve the attach rates for payroll and payments as well. We are early days, but we think there is a lot of opportunity there and we feel the same way many of you and this call have, which is it looks like a lot of upside there or you are going after aggressively and our answer is yes, we are and we agree. We have a lot of opportunities to continue to improve.
Brad Smith: So far Kim, I have been wrong on every desktop forecast we have made, because one of the things that we assumed was that that customer behavior was predictable based upon what we saw in other product lines, like TurboTax and desktop and it’s not. What we are seeing right now is there is a very delighted group of QuickBooks Desktop customers. And when we try creative things like raising the price on them lowering the price on the cloud, getting feature parity, that didn’t move them while it did cause them to delay purchasing the newest version of QuickBooks Desktop. So then, we went back and we tested some pricing promotions, it’s not an everyday low price. We did advertise at the price that it used to be before we raised it and sure enough those customers went out and bought the newer version of QuickBooks Desktop. So the good news is they are staying with us. They are not going anywhere and they are not hurting QuickBooks Online subscribers. So really, what we are doing now is we are making sure that we keep those customers happy. We continue to expose them to attach services like payroll and payments and we continue to let them know that there is a file based version that’s great for them, should they ever decide to move. But our hope right now is that we keep them in the franchise regardless of which product they choose.
Brad Smith: Great Nandan. Thank you for the question. As we talked a few minutes ago, accountants are critical. We have had the program for years called ProAdvisor. In the last couple of years, as we leaned into the cloud, we put a cloud-based set of services together for them, but it includes QuickBooks Online for accountants and a lot of other value added services. I have mentioned the fact that we have 600,000 of our customers now that are linked to an accountant and that’s up 70% from last year. And this announcement that we announced yesterday at BDO was just another example of we are working with accounting firms of all sizes. Not just the independent firms, also the ones that buy our ProSeries and Lacerte product to do taxes and also larger firms like BDO. At this point in time, we are working together to come up with a set of goals that we think are realistic in the first year as we get their firm strained and get them prepared to be good consultants for QuickBooks Online. So we haven’t announced any public goals. I can tell you, we are very excited about the partnership, the world class firm, it’s very relevant to the customers that we serve and we think it will be value added for their firms as well.
Brad Smith: Yes. David, we want to be vary as sharing any of our pricing decisions too far in advance, because obviously we have competition that would love to know the answers to these questions. But that being said, we have a tailwind and our tailwind is as you know, we offer a promotional discount in the first 30 days or sometimes the first 90 days for someone to come into QuickBooks Online. They will begin to use it for free, then they will get a discount of like 30% then they work their way at the full price. And imagine the large base of net adds we have been putting in that will anniversary off of that as a 13th month and then will basically become full price at a roughly $24, $25 a month. And we have a nice tailwind of that base, it’s going to be rolling off that promotional pricing. So what you should expect in ‘17 and going into ‘18 is continuing improvement in average revenue per customer. Now this is where Neil answered a few minutes ago comes into play. We have got three cohorts of customers. We have QuickBooks Online U.S, QuickBooks Online non-U.S. and of course the mix effect of QuickBooks Self-Employed. All of those are actually getting stronger every 90 days in terms of average revenue per customer. But depending upon which one of those grows the fastest you can actually bring the blended mix down a bit. But we would tell you. We look at it on a marginal contribution basis for each of those cohorts and all of them were getting better and will continue to get better in ‘17 and ‘18.
Brad Smith: Yes. David thanks for the question. And I didn’t mean to suggest we had 100% feature parity, because we don’t. We are still in that 70% plus range. We just made some decisions last week to continue to invest in building out feature parity to get it at the premiere and eventually the QuickBooks Enterprise level that will be a multi-year journey. But I will put in the context for you, no, we don’t have those advanced inventory capability today. We have foundational inventory, which is different than it was 6 months ago and it’s getting stronger everyday, but it’s not advanced yet. We don’t have the job costing in there yet. But I think it’s important for us to kind of think about of the 3.5 million desktop customers we have today, 2.5 million do have feature parity. 2.5 million could move over tomorrow if that was the only decision they were waiting on. And as we know, we have moved about 100,000 over to the first three quarters of this year, that’s up 22% last year, but that’s not 2.5 million. So, we are going to continue to build up feature parity. We think that’s important for the long-term. We are going to continue try to get the accountant to encourage the desktop customer to look at the cloud and we will continue to do things like promotional pricing. But I think at the end of the day, we just got to get that Small Business comfortable that it’s good to be in the cloud and I think that’s just going to be a matter of time.
Brad Smith: Yes, I would, Latif. I want to thank everybody for the questions today. As we are entering the final stretch of our fiscal year, we feel like we are building some really strong momentum. Our strategy is working. The innovation we are putting under our products is not easily replicated and matched by our competitors. And we are still on the early innings of penetrating this large and growing total addressable market. So, we are excited and we are looking forward to talking to you again soon. And until then, everyone, have a good day. Take care.
Neil Williams: Brent, we have been testing product experiments all along the tax business. I can tell you we invested everywhere we saw a favorable payback. And you see that with the unit growth we have had this year. We didn’t leave any investment dollars on the shelf. You can rest assured with that. And we think as Brad said, this is a multi-year journey. And so there are more things that we want to do next season and we made some investments this season, I think it will pay off next year as well.
Neil Williams: Sure, Scott. I think the thing that this season has confirmed for us is that when we have an opportunity to increase our share and grow our customer accounts it’s a great way to grow our top line revenue and also our earnings per share, so just like we talked about back in August. I think as we see opportunities to grow the top line more through customer acquisition, it tends to move us up and we tend to see move on the top side. We are looking to invest and make the product better every day both in Small Business and in Consumer Tax. As you can imagine this time of year, we have a lot of ideas, lot of suggestions for ways to take advantage of that expanded addressable market as Brad mentioned and to grow the product faster. We are running test and we are running experiments now to determine, which of those we think would have the biggest impact next year both in Small Business and in Consumer Tax. We consider the markets that we are in. We have talked about some adjustments we have made in some of our markets outside the U.S. already. So, those are things that help us balance, Scott, between delivering what we consider is a very strong mid-teens improvement in EPS at the same time, while continuing to invest in the future to be sure that we have a good 18 to 19 after 2017. So, that’s kind of the way we are looking to bounce it off for the balance of this year and see more about that when we give guidance in August in the Investor Day.
Neil Williams: Well, I mean think about, Patrick a couple of things. On the plus side, we definitely continue to see improvements in average revenue per user and growth in customers. This is also the side though where we have opportunities to grow and expand to invest in the markets where we are already entering the space. But whereas Brad said, we are not the number one player. And we may consider additional markets next year. So, this is a great area, where we have big opportunities to drop revenue and increase revenue in the short run, but also big investment opportunities that don’t pay off in the short run either. So, we are balancing those two things in our planning process for a multiyear profit plan to be able to generate good cash and good profitability in the short run, but make sure that we are investing for the long haul too. So, that growth is sustainable and accelerating beyond 2017.
