Brad Smith: Thanks, Jerry, and thanks to everybody out there for joining us. It has been a busy start to our fiscal year. Let me share a couple highlights: In our first fiscal quarter, we delivered solid growth in our core businesses. In particular, we’re pleased with the strong double-digit growth in both QuickBooks units and Payments merchants. We are also pleased with the continuing acceleration of revenue growth in our Financial Institutions business.  In addition, our progress in successfully integrating PayCycle is on track, and we completed the acquisition of Mint.com in early November. These two acquisitions are great examples of our commitment to our connected services strategy. We’re both building and acquiring great talent, technology and products that extend our leadership position in the online space.    As I said, it’s been a busy start to the year, and the good news is, all of this activity is translating into strong financial performance.    Today we announced first-quarter revenue of $493 million, which is at the top end of our guidance range. Our results per share and our operating loss were both much better than the range we had originally guided. While this was due in part to a shift in marketing expenses from Q1 to Q2, we clearly performed well in the first quarter. Our Q1 financial performance enables us to absorb the impact of the Mint acquisition without adjusting our guidance for the full-year.    We still expect fiscal year revenue growth of 4% to 8%, operating income growth of 6% to 10% and free cash flow growth of over 15%. Said another way, we’re on track to deliver another good year for Intuit.    This is in spite of the economy. I’m often asked whether we see signs of an upturn. While we do believe we have seen the bottom, we haven’t seen any sustained positive trends in consumer spending or new business formations to suggest a rapid recovery. More positive indicators may come during calendar 2010, but we don’t expect them to materially affect our results this fiscal year. With that said, we do expect to deliver improved operating results without the benefit of a rebound in the economy. And we’re continuing to make the necessary decisions and the investments to position us for accelerated growth when the economy does improve.    I’ll talk more about this later, but first, let me turn it over to Neil to share the highlights of our first quarter financial results.   
Brad Smith: We clearly saw a spike in our unit growth that isn’t what we have anticipated for the full year. It was driven by the fact that we were depleting the QuickBooks 2009 inventory and making room for QuickBooks 2010. As Neil mentioned, we learned a lot about the balance between how deeply we needed to go with promotional offers and what kind of unit growth we can generate. So I think what you are going to see us continue to do is go for driving more units and category growth but doing that with a better understanding of how we can capture more price per unit.  So you are going to see the gap between units and revenue hopefully over the balance of this fiscal year start to narrow. But our ultimate goal is to continue to bring customers into the franchise because we know we can increase the revenue per user 3X over a five-year period by selling things like payroll and payments and other services. But we will be doing that with hopefully much less reliance on promotions through the balance of the fiscal year. 
Brad Smith: We have seen a continued healthy pipeline of sales in our sales pipeline for financial institutions. We have also seen as we have talked in the past that pipeline that was already sold, we are waiting for implementation to happen. Those are starting to break free. It’s not anything that I would scream as a tremendous rapid recovery but it is starting to move forward in the right direction. 
Brad Smith: We haven’t talked specifically about that. We’ve talked a couple of quarters about the fact that while our sales pipeline looked healthy, there were slips from one quarter to the next as the financial institution had to get their resources aligned for the implementation. And we are starting to see them free those resources up to get this implementation started. 
Brad Smith: Our strategy this year is consistent with our prior years and that is the biggest opportunity we have to grow TurboTax is to expand our category by capturing more people who are going to tax stores, continuing to convert people who are doing it paper and pencil, and converting more people who come into the category for the first time. So it’s always about expanding the category and capturing our share of those users.  So what you see us doing is we have a pricing strategy that begins on the low-end with free and we also continue to capture value on the high-end when our value proposition is one-third cheaper than a tax store. And ultimately the goal is to grow that category, grow our share, and then ultimately drive revenue as a result. 
Brad Smith: On the free file alliance, the free file association and the IRS continue to have very productive conversations. Nothing has been announced yet but I like the momentum. I think the whole industry and the IRS are moving in the right direction and when something has been completed, that will be announced.  In terms of the refund anticipation loans, the good news for us is as you know, we moved out of that business somewhere four or five years ago because we didn’t feel that that was aligned with how we operate as a company and the way we wanted to be working with our customers. So while I hear the intense negotiations and debate going on in the industry, regardless of how that plays out, that won’t have enough impact on Intuit. 
Brad Smith: I’d be happy to, Heather. I think first of all on QuickBooks 2010, it is still pretty early. We’ve been out in the market for four or five weeks. We’ve got some positive indicators, positive reviews from PC Magazine and others. If you go to Amazon.com and you read user reviews, they are positive. If we check the sentiments in the accountant community who recommends these solutions to small businesses, it’s very positive. But quite frankly, those are all words until we actually see the customer buying the product and using the product. And so far, we like the early results but there is still a lot of game left in the year, so I would tell you that we put our best effort into this product this year. The team is proud of it and they have a reason to be. The early result suggests that he customers like it but we will have to see if we can translate that sentiment into revenue and customer growth.  In terms of what we are seeing in small businesses, we continue to hear the optimism and the voices of small businesses but as I have said before, they tended to be the last ones to see the downturn and the first ones to believe we were coming out because they are resilient by nature and that is what I love about small business owners.  But what we look for is whether or not their businesses are getting healthy and the best indicator we have is charge volume. Are consumers shopping in their stores, are they using their credit cards and are they able to continue to buy? And while we saw a slight up-tick this quarter, charge volume is still down 8% year over year. It was down 9% for three consecutive quarters but I don’t think that is anything at this point that I would point to to say we see a sustained recovery.  So net net, I think we have seen the bottom in our rear view mirror. I don’t see a real fast upswing but we do see small businesses continuing to stay in there and fight it out and we are continuing to do our best to execute and help them. 
Brad Smith: We are continuing our effort and focus on QuickBooks online. We have increased our engineering effort. We have increased our marketing and promotions. You saw some healthy growth in customers, as you just pointed out, year over year. And we are just getting started, quite frankly. We are looking at the QuickBooks online platform as the new platform to begin to introduce a free version. It will be a less featured product that will basically help customers send a bill or send an invoice, and then if they want to unlock more functionality they will move into the paid version of the product.  So net net, nothing has changed since investor day other than we have made more progress on execution. We are seeing solid growth in customers and in revenue and quite frankly, it is still early in the game and we are just getting started. 
Brad Smith: We are just about a week into the game after officially closing. I am proud to tell you though that Erin Pastor and Dan Mauer, who leads our consumer group, have already worked out the plan. We’ve communicated internally. We’ve made some of the changes we needed to do to get the resources aligned. Erin has already defined a multi-year roadmap and a vision of where he would like to take the personal financial management business. And in terms of the first things you will see, you will see Mint continue to execute well in the market. You will see Mint being more tightly aligned with TurboTax. This year, if you use TurboTax you can actually access and get out to Mint to look for ways to save with your refund. And you will see us start to take the technology that we use in Mint and build it into the underpinnings of Quicken as well.  So those are the first priorities we have in this coming 12 months and even though we just have a week under our belts, it feels pretty good so far. 
Brad Smith: Actually on the low-end at federal, which was our basic products, we dropped $5. Everything else was basically the same year over year. And on the state, we did have a modest price increase. As you know, the game going forward is not about retail -- it’s about the web. And we haven’t released our pricing yet on the web and neither have our other competitors but we like where our pricing came out and where our competitors have announced their pricing in retail but that is yesterday’s news in terms of where this business is going. 
Brad Smith: We will be releasing that a little bit later, a little closer to game time. We do have a point of view on where we are going to come out but we just haven’t made it public yet. 
Brad Smith: I’m not sure what you are point to on the federal versus the state. We have a good, better, best lineup in federal, a basic, a deluxe, a premiere. And those products pricing go up because we have more functionality in there and the state product is pretty standard, so I actually don’t think the federal product is cheaper than state. When you get down to the low-end of the skew, you do have a lower entry level price point for federal but by and large, the state product is less expensive than the federal products across the line. 
Brad Smith: Actually, Bryan, we’ll see an acceleration across each of those but the payments business and the payroll business will continue to deliver the stronger growth, which we have seen for several years. But we also expect to have a healthy year this year relative to last year in QuickBooks. 
Brad Smith: Neil and I would be more than happy to tag-team on this one -- it’s about half of our beat in the first quarter was marketing shift. The other half was what we are going to use to absorb the dilution of the Mint acquisition. And the reason why it shifts is because as we get into the fiscal year, we have programs that may be scheduled for the late October timeframe that we end up pushing over into November based upon how our performance is looking. And so we had a later launch this year with Quicken than what we had last year and also our marketing team and some of the things we are working on in our accounting professionals division shifted out more into the next quarter.  So it’s one of those calendarization things that depending upon when we feel like we are going to have the launch of the product and how that compares to prior year, it will shift between weeks and those weeks oftentimes cross a quarter. 
Brad Smith: I think there is a couple of points at play here. First of all, that revenue per user that you see going on in QuickBooks is more reflective of the deep discounts and promotions that we used this past year to continue to bring customers into the franchise when the small businesses were basically frozen in their tracks. You know, the economy hit hard, people were uncertain. And the reason why we do that is because we manage the business for life time value. We know that we can get a customer in on QuickBooks and then over a multi-year period, they upgrade to a more featured version. They will buy payroll and payments, they will buy supplies and support plans, and that is a real financial win for us over time, as well as for the small business. So our goal will always be to continue to expand the category and get customers into the franchise but I think you are going to see as I said a little bit earlier that we believe we can begin to rely less and less on heavy promotions as we head into the balance of this fiscal year.  The other thing I would tell you is we are learning that we have new ways of getting customers into our small business franchise beyond leading with accounting. For example, this most recent promotion behind homestead, helping customers sign up with a website and then eventually selling them payments or some other service we have is another good way of getting customers into the Intuit franchise and that takes pressure off of the promotional discounts on QuickBooks. 
Brad Smith: One other point I would say is keep in mind there is 27 million small businesses out there and we have about 4 million using QuickBooks, so we have a lot of opportunity to continue to grow customers and grow our revenue and I think that what we are able to do with discounts is we just continue to sell the momentum and we cleared the way for this next version of the product. So I don’t have any concerns either on this pantry stocking of our product or impacting our upgrade cycle. 
Brad Smith: We said that about half of that beat in the first quarter was marketing spend shift from Q1 to Q2 and the other half of that beat we are going to use to absorb the dilution of Mint, so we can maintain our full-year guidance. 
Brad Smith: It’s a great question. I’ll tell you, the more people we talk to in the market, the more positive buzz we hear about Windows 7. We built nothing into our guidance or our full-year plan in terms of a positive impact from Windows 7, so if we start to see any momentum in PC upgrades and operating system upgrades, we know that sometimes those correlate with purchases of other software and I am hoping for a successful Windows 7 launch because that could be good news for many of us in the industry. 
Brad Smith: A couple of things here -- first of all, it is not the same product as the one that we are testing in India. They are two separate products. Secondly, we’ve been doing quite a bit of work over several years looking at how best to help small businesses managed their customer relationships and continue to acquire new customers. And as we have learned, many small businesses we deal with have fewer than 20 employees. They don’t have sales teams. They don’t need to manage sales pipelines, so products like salesforce.com and others meet the needs of lots of customers more up market but the customers we are talking about don’t tend to need that kind of functionality.  So what we have done is we have created a very simple, clean customer management toll that works both online as well as on a mobile phone, that enables the small business owner to get access to their contact information, their customers’ profile, and also access things like accounts payable, accounts receivable, invoicing items, and basic financial data around that customer. We will continue to learn more in the market with the product and we will continue to add out functionality based upon what we learn. And in terms of its ability to impact the financials, right now it rolls up in our financial management solutions group, SMS, and hopefully that plus homestead and other front office products we introduce will help accelerate the growth of that business over time. 
Brad Smith: It is. Yes, the data flows from QuickBooks into this application and then you can access this application anytime, anywhere, whether it is through a website or through a mobile device. 
Brad Smith: I’ll probably hit it at a high level and you tell me if we answered your question sufficiently or not. The easiest answer on how our marketing spend breaks out tends to track our revenue, so you will see us start to ramp up more in Q2 and we will hit our stride in Q3, which is where the peak of our business is. And then depending upon the ROI on that advertising, we will continue into Q4 but that is always contingent upon whether or not we think it is a good investment of the dollar.  So you would see primarily Q2 and Q3. Our advertising means, still the number one reason why we are able to get new customers into the category comes from the fact that our product gets recommended by other users, so our primary focus of marketing is making sure we build great products that lead to word of mouth. After that, we have investments in online advertising, SEO and SEM, and we also have TV and radio advertising behind TurboTax and behind some of our small business products. And that basically ends up breaking out the bulk of our marketing spend. After that, you have some things like direct mail but that is primarily the way we prioritize our marketing spend today. Build a great product, make sure we are winning on the web because people are looking for solutions on the web. After that, TV and radio and then after that, direct mail and direct marketing means. 
Brad Smith: We are excited that now the third plan has moved into market. Medical Mutual of Ohio has now joined Signa and United and as we head into December and they get into their open enrolment period, they will be exposing that product free to 26 million consumers who are on those plans.  What is also exciting for us is we have been able to implement a pay now button using our small business payments application so that consumers can go in and understand how much they owe, how much their deductible is covering, and then they can actually click a button and pay now. And we are able to monetize that relationship because we get transaction fees on every payment that goes out.  The exciting thing is we have seen that the consumer satisfaction is two times higher than any other alternative in the market today in terms of figuring out what they owe, and also the doctors are getting paid 18 days faster because consumers are able to figure out what is their obligation versus the plan and they are willing to pay the doctor faster.  So we are starting to see some early indications. In terms of what we are putting into any outlooks, we are saying that over a three-year period, our hope is to get somewhere in the neighbourhood of one to two points of growth out of this business opportunity over the next three years. And right now our primary focus is on making sure that the customers like it and adopt it and that the patient, the doctors are excited about the fact that this is something they would recommend to their patients. It’s all about customer adoption at this point. 
Brad Smith: We have quite a few small experiments going on now to see if we can find an important problem that we can solve well and turn it into a good business. In our small business space, one of the primary areas of focus is helping small businesses retain customers and acquire more customers, so think of homestead websites, think of this customer relationship management tool. We released a couple of other small web services applications that are along the same lines. If you move into our employee management solutions business, which is payroll, we have already formed a relationship with Hartford to do pay by pay workers’ comp. We are also running tests with a 401K services business to help you begin to offer retirement plans and other services to your employees.  And then when you start to move beyond that and you get into areas like healthcare, that is clearly all an adjacent business for us as a company and the last but not least, the things we are doing over in the emerging markets.  So those are the primary spaces we are looking at now in terms of adjacent opportunities. 
Brad Smith: No, I would say that what David Batchelder and [relational] investors come with is a big belief in Intuit, a belief that led to a pretty meaningful position in our company over the summer and as we continued to have meetings with them, they expressed an interest in joining our board and we took a lot of thoughtful consideration and quite frankly spoke to others where they sit on their boards and based upon that input, we felt that his breadth of experience and their institutional shareholder perspective would be positive.  What we have heard repeatedly from David and others out there is that the way we communicate our capital allocation philosophy and the things that we are solving for as a company are in alignment philosophically with the things they believe in and so I think it will be another strong voice at the table. 
Brad Smith: I guess it’s a matter of perspective. I would actually say that we have raised guidance in that we have absorbed the dilution from Mint that we had originally announced and said that we would be, you know, once we got the acquisition done we’d be talking about that. I think some people out there actually factored that into their models already. So the way we look at it is we had a good solid first quarter. Some of that will shift between quarters and some of it was a beat and in that beat we were able to offset something that otherwise would have been a dilution and continue to maintain our guidance for the year.  You know, I’d like to say this is -- if I have to use a sports metaphor here, we are probably a few games into the season. We are 3-0 so far but we haven’t played any conference games yet, we haven’t had any real stiff competition. There’s a lot of season left and while we are feeling pretty good and I think we’ve got our mojo and our momentum, I want to wait until we get a little further in the year before we know whether or not we are going to continue this progress. But right now, I feel good with our outlook for the year and I think that given what we did in the first quarter, we’ve been able to offset the dilution of Mint and I think we are well-positioned of a strong fiscal year. 
Brad Smith: I think it is going to be minimal. We’ve been working closely with the customers of money and the customers of small business accounting. We’ve built free conversion tools that will help them convert their data over from the Microsoft product into our own. And I think over time, we will see how successful we are and how interested they are of moving over. We certainly are out there to help them and would love to get them into the Intuit franchise. But I don’t see any material change one way or another based upon those announcements that Microsoft has put out in the market. 
Brad Smith: You know, we’ve been over there for some time doing follow me homes with roughly 1,000 small businesses and consumers. We’ve narrowed down on a handful of experiments that we think have some early promise but we are going to have to get them into market and get them in a more scalable fashion to see if we are going to turn into big businesses.  One is something called Intuit Money Manager, which helps the consumer or a small business aggregate their financials from multiple banks and have one view of all their money. We are going to be moving into market with that over the next three to four months and we have a couple of key partners that we are working with -- ICICI, which is one of the largest private banks over there, as well as a company called Money Control, which is an online financial portal.  Another product we have put into the market and we will continue to move forward in beta and hopefully get it into general release is a product we have code-named Jasmine, which is a mobile CRM app. We talked a little bit about that at investor day. Now I want to caveat these -- these are two of multiple experiments we are going to continue to put into the market and hopefully they are going to be something that turn out to be a success for the customer and a commercial success for us. We are committed to continued to experiment in the market and hopefully we are doing to find a winner and these happen to be the first two and we’ll be getting into market in the next three to four months. 
Brad Smith: It’s not a new product. We had a version of this product last year at roughly the same price point in retail, basically targeted at small business owners, schedule C filers, and it’s not new and we do have it in retail. I don’t know -- we have the same thing on the web as well. 
Brad Smith: It’s both, actually, so one piece of it is tied to the ability to integrate TurboTax online with our digital insight platform and that is enabling consumers to download information from their online banking account plus import their W2 and get a lot of that data entry done for them.  With this integration, we now have this successfully integrated and we will be working with over 1,200 financial institutions this tax season. And based upon our results, we have seen that this creates incremental sales so these will be incremental to TurboTax and incremental to Intuit.  The other thing I will tell you is we’ve gotten more aggressive through our alliance channel in selling TurboTax to banks that aren’t using digital insight and so we will continue to go after those opportunities as well. 
Brad Smith: Great. Listen, I want to thank everybody for your participation today and for your great questions as always. Obviously we feel good about our first quarter. We realize there is a lot of season left but we think we are well-positioned to finish up strong. We are continuing to build momentum and grow our customer bases and we are making wise investments internally as well as bringing some exciting acquisitions on board, like Mint and PayCycle and we are looking forward to another strong fiscal year.  I also want to thank the Intuit employees for their hard work. I think all of you know that this tough macroeconomic environment can be somewhat distracting but our team has remained focused, they are executing well and I am looking forward to another good quarter. So we will speak with you next time.
Neil Williams: We haven’t said, Bryan, publicly what the contribution there has been first quarter or for the full year. We didn’t break that out. 
Neil Williams: Pre-acquisition, that was their run-rate. As we’ve said before, as we integrate it into our online products, it’s going to be harder to decompress but that was their historic run-rate, about $30 million a year. 
Neil Williams: In the first quarter, of our fiscal first quarter, is typically not one of the strongest ones for the payroll business as a whole. But we are still expecting good growth in the category in terms of customers, retention of our existing customers, and the PayCycle customers will just be on top of that. 
Neil Williams: First of all on the consignment issue, I think we see retailers more and more looking for ways to get inventory in the store with less investment on their side. It’s much better for us to get the product on the shelves earlier on and so for the strongest retailers, for the ones where we have the best partnerships, I think it’s important for us to have good product on the shelf early on and consignment is a tool that we use to help us do that and we do see that becoming more prevalent in some of the larger retailers.  To your second point, as we think about going forward with that, I think that is going to be more prevalent and -- but it is critical for us to get the products out and I don’t see this changing the three-year upgrade cycle. It gets it in their hands quicker, they get it installed and gives us a better opportunity to do an attach and to sell them of their services faster. So we think it’s all upside for us and remember product they didn’t sell they’d return to us anyway, so it’s better to get it off the shelf and get it in the customer’s hands and get the relationship going and established, so I don’t really see that being a threat to the upgrade cycle. 
Neil Williams: It’s all related just to revenue recognition and the professional community, a part of our revenue is recognized when the accountant actually uses the product and files a return, and so as we adjust the product offering and things like that for this season, the revenue is deferred and recognized when the accountant actually files returns and uses the product. So that’s why we see a shifting from Q2 into later in the year. 
Neil Williams: The Mint product will be using our customer central application for aggregation of financial institution data and so Mint had I think a prior relationship with [Yodely] to provide that functionality for the Mint product that will be shifting to our application. That’s the only relationship I am familiar with right now. 
Neil Williams: Michael, I think the guidance that we have issued for this year includes the relationship that we have with Santa Barbara Bank & Trust and I can tell you that we are very much looking forward jointly to a great tax season. 
Neil Williams: You know, we haven’t talked about the mix, the revenue for the tax business for 2010. What I can just tell you is that all the changes or any changes we may have anticipated are baked into the guidance that we gave for the category. 
