Brad D. Smith: All right. Thanks, Matt, and thanks to all of you for joining us. We're off to a strong start in fiscal year 2013. We grew first quarter revenue 12%, and we're reiterating our guidance of double-digit top line and bottom line growth for the full year. You'll hear more on that from Neil in a minute. The key driver of our performance continues to be the secular tailwind that we're riding towards a connected services economy, backed up by continuous innovation and strong execution. In the first quarter, our total Small Business revenue grew 18%, with 13% growth, excluding the benefit of Demandforce. Our Connected Services offerings are powering this performance. Financial Management Solutions revenue grew 20%, with subscriber growth of 29% in QuickBooks Online, 25% in QuickBooks Enterprise and over 60% in Demandforce. Employee Management Solutions revenue grew 12%, with our Intuit Online payroll subscribers growing 20% in the quarter. And our Payments revenue, that also grew 21%, with customers growing 16% behind a strong adoption of GoPayment, our mobile payment solution. As we shared at Investor Day in September, we have a refreshed approach to our Connected Services strategy to further capitalize on the structural shift that will continue the service growth catalyst for many years to come. Our refreshed 3-point strategy is grounded in first, delivering awesome product experiences. Computing devices have moved to the palm of our hands in the forms of tablets and smartphones, and we're increasingly focused on reimagining our products with a mobile first and, in some cases, a mobile-only design. A key success factor to winning in this mobile world is ensuring that we deliver an amazing first-use experience. That means our customers get the value they signed up for as easily and as quickly as possible. The second key tenet of our growth strategy is enabling the contributions of others, while seeking to create what we call network effect platforms. By moving to more open platforms with ATI that enabled the contributions as end users as well as third-party developers, we can solve more customer problems faster and more efficiently for our growing base of end users. As an early example, QuickBooks Online can now be used by small businesses all over the world. Customers, wherever they live, contribute to localizing the product for the market in which they reside. And our third core strategy is enabling data to create delight. In a world where we all have mobile computers in our pockets, with cameras, sensors and always-on access, our 60 million customers are generating incredibly valuable data that we can use to deliver even better products and to help them with breakthrough benefits. This refreshed Connected Services strategy marks the next chapter of Intuit's transformation, and there's already real momentum behind it. For example, our mobile products are contributing meaningful growth. We've more than doubled the number of mobile customers in the past 12 months, with average user rating of 4.5 stars for iOS and 4.3 for Android. We generated $70 million in mobile revenue in fiscal 2012, which we expect to grow by more than 50% in fiscal 2013. And the good news is, our proven business models transfer well to mobile, with around half of our mobile customers being new to the franchise, which is expanding our market reach and our category growth. This momentum is despite the reality that we do see in the macroeconomic environment. Our own internal indicators suggest the macro texture remains sluggish at best. Our October Small Business index reflected the seventh consecutive month of Small Business revenue decline, with Small Business employment levels on the decline since May as well. While we're not completely insulated against these external challenges, we have proven to be resilient. Our customers need our products most when times are tough. Because we save them time and money on the things they need to improve their business results and their financial lives. As a company, we remain laser-focused on executing against the principles that have guided us through these choppy waters. At the core of these principles is customer acquisitions, which remains job one. At the same time, our teams remain rigorous in adjusting to external conditions, running our businesses efficiently and delivering on our commitment to shareholders, which you could see reflected in today's results. So with that context, let me hand it over to Neil to walk you through the financial details.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Thank you, Peter. I appreciate the question. And the answer starts with, it depends upon the problem we're trying to solve for the customer. So I'll give you a couple of examples on how a mobile-first and a mobile-only mindset has improved our ability to solve customer problems. Think about SnapTax. Up until SnapTax, you sat in front of a piece of software. We would ask you questions. You would answer yes or no. And it would help you file your taxes. That's called TurboTax. With SnapTax, you have the ability use the sensors and the unique devices on a camera -- I mean, on the phone, like a camera, take a picture of your W-2 and have that pre-fill a lot of your information and with a handful of questions, your taxes are done. That helps reimagine how taxes can be done easily and helps you get the maximum refund much more quickly. We also have products that are mobile-first and mobile-only coming out in Small Business. For example, we have the product Weave. Weave has been downloaded by hundreds of thousands of customers since it's been released to the market. And it's for those pre-accounting customers that simply want to manage their to-do list and eventually find the way to get more organized. And so that is an incremental opportunity for us that's purely mobile-first and mobile-only. Sometimes we priced this product the same way we would do it on the desktop or the mobile or the web world. So in SnapTax, you actually do the same thing you do with TurboTax Online. You complete your return and then you pay us when you file it with the IRS. And in other cases, we use it as a lead gen that we have the ability to unlock and cross-sell to other products, which is more like what Weave is designed to do. Weave will eventually grow U.S. to something like QuickBooks Online. So it really depends upon the problem we're trying to solve and the product that we're talking about. But in a headline, the thing that gets me most excited is that these mobile products tend to be about 1 out of 2 customers are incremental to the franchise. They're expanding our category. They're allowing us to convert what historically has been non-consumption. And we're able to introduce them to additional services in our portfolio that allow us to monetize them over time.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Peter, it's a -- we're pretty confident. We have the ability with the unique identifier to know if you purchase another product inside the company. And we're able to cross-match that back to see if you're incremental or if you're an existing customer. And so when we cite some of the numbers like 70% of GoPayment's customers are new to the franchise, we're pretty clear that whether it's Weave, it's GoPayment, SnapTax, who's an existing customer or who's a new customer.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, thanks, John. So let me start with the first part of your question on the price increase. And we did take a modest price increase in QuickBooks Pro from $229 to $249. It was not designed to try to drive more people online. It was actually based upon a cross-value analysis, where we felt we have opportunity in the market relative to the value we were delivering. And so far, we have not seen any sort of impact in terms of units. We actually feel that this is a very good price for the opportunity and the value we're providing. So it's really not designed to try to force anybody into an online product. On the second part of your question around Demandforce, we just announced a couple of weeks ago an integration between QuickBooks and Demandforce, where you can take your customer data and your transaction history and use that as a way to basically help create a marketing campaign using Demandforce's services. It's an exciting first step. It's still very early days. We'll have to wait and see how successful that can become over time. But we're excited to see how quickly the team moved to get these products integrated using our partner platform and did that literally within the first 6 months of being a part of the Intuit portfolio. So more to come there, but we're excited about the opportunity and the promise. And clearly, Demandforce this quarter had another really good quarter with 60% subscriber growth. And they just continue to grow quickly.
Brad D. Smith: Jen, it's Brad. We do have the flexibility of moving our marketing strategy around based upon what we learn around late leg and when we think it's the most opportunistic time to get out and create demand in the market. So right now what we've tried to do is we've tried to reflect what we think will happen with late legislation. You'll also see that we have moved some of our marketing spend up from Q3 and into Q2. And that's under the premise that if customers are waiting and having some confusion around when they can we file, we want to make sure we can help them with clarity in marketing messages. But if anything changes, we will certainly be fluid in moving our marketing dollars around to capitalize on the opportunity and to make sure we're driving the business results.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, sure can. Jen, first of all, you're correct. The only delta from the way we have the reporting and now, is we've added the global units in. The U.S. QuickBooks Online numbers are growing very quickly on their own. They have been. We've been reporting them. And the outside the U.S. numbers right now, there's 20,000 filers -- or basically QuickBooks Online customers, rather, that are actually paying customers. But we have many, many more in 150 countries that are on the trial period. In terms of the opportunity for growth, this is the growth catalyst for us, not only in the U.S. but around the globe. And if you look at our total subscribers in the QuickBooks portfolio now, which not only includes QuickBooks Online, it includes QuickBooks Enterprise as well as QuickBooks desktop customers that have signed up for subscription and move their data in the cloud, those in aggregate are growing 27%. So the subscriber model, whether it's QuickBooks Online or it's these other subscription services, will be the growth catalyst for our Small Business Group in terms of Financial Management Solutions.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Sterling, we haven't assumed any improvement in the economy. And yet our guidance, as you can see, for the full year reflects 15% to 17% growth for total Small Business Group. So without any help from the macro, we see the opportunity to grow this business in the mid- to high-teens. If for whatever reason that broke the other way, we would clearly have a tailwind that we can capitalize on. But right now, we're not banking on that and that hasn't been reflected in any of our guidance.
Brad D. Smith: We're still very early days on that, Sterling. We're in a highly experimentation mode in terms of looking at how we can convert that into paid users. So at this point in time, I would say there's really nothing that we can share beyond what we've talked about. But we certainly will be exposing more of that learning as we get further along the experience curve.
Brad D. Smith: Thanks, Raimo. So let me talk to the first one first. Our pricing model for QuickBooks Online world is consistent relative to what we're charging in the U.S. So there isn't really a big variation. When we go into different markets, obviously, we will tailor and tune that based on what we see in terms of the opportunity for the customer in the competitive set. But right now, I would say since there's so many countries to talk about that are going on a case-by-case basis I think of it as being relatively consistent with the United States model. And I have to say I missed the second part of your question. So if you don't mind just repeating that, then we'll make sure we answer that question as well.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. So the merchant growth in our Payment side is being driven by 2 things. First of all, we have moved in this year's version of QuickBooks to what we call payment as a feature. When you sign up for QuickBooks, we automatically enable you to begin accepting payments instead of making it a separate decision, where you would have to basically decide if you want payments and then fill out an application. We're able to use data in QuickBooks and basically prequalify you and enable you to accept payments. That is really starting to help us drive what is our single biggest opportunity, which is to increase the tax penetration into the QuickBooks space. And so that's the one big driver. The second is, of course, GoPayment, our mobile payment product, which continues to have success in the market and is bringing new customers into the franchise. And 7 out of 10 of those customers aren't using another Intuit product. And those 2 combined have grown our margin 16% this quarter, which I think if you look back over the last couple of quarters, it's continuing to accelerate.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Kash, I would say any time there's complexity in the tax laws, that creates opportunity for us. Because we're in the business of simplifying taxes. And so when there's that sort of change happening from Congress, and I think it creates opportunity, and that's the way we view each and every one of these situations. Now it comes down to us to make sure that we're getting the message clear. We're providing a product that's simple and compelling. And we're creating such a great use experience that they tell their friends, their family members and others to use the product. But we think that this is a catalyst for us, and that's why we've got ourselves set up in a situation where I believe we got a really compelling product, backed up by tax expertise that we'll be prepared for anything that Congress moves out. In terms of the software side and tax legislation, I always find that the opportunity for us increases when Congress goes in and makes changes. Their intent is always something around trying to simplify it. But of course, any change reproduces complexity. And that helps us create an opportunity for our software to go in and solve that complexity for an end user. So I would say, putting it all together, it comes down to our ability to keep the message clear and simple and make the product compelling. But any time there's changes in the tax law, it creates opportunity for the software category. If you go back and look at the data over the last 10 years, you'll see the software category growing between 6% to 8% each and every year compared to the next closest alternative growing between part 1% and 2%. So I think the proof points kind of bear out there as well.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. I appreciate it, Kash. I would have to go back in time. Scott, maybe you have the history of when there were more pronounced changes.
Brad D. Smith: Gil, each and every time is a little different. I would say, in this case, it's going to be hard to tell what the magic date is. If there is anything in the complexity of what Congress has to sort out, probably the single biggest variable is AMT. The sooner they can get that resolved, the less risk there is for the IRS to have a struggle coding. And I believe that's pretty much the communication that's occurring between the agency and Congress and the industry right now. And so we'll have to see what Congress is able to do. But right now, it's very hard for me to be able to sit and tell you, given some of the things that are potentially going to expire, what that magic date would be. What I can tell you is that we're working very closely with the IRS. We've put together scenario plans, and we basically have coded alternatives that we think could occur. And we're going to be prepared either way to help customers begin to file. And then we will handle the complexity with the IRS on our side. And that's going to be the game plan we have, is help customers go ahead and file their taxes and then we'll handle all the complexities and take care of the rest of it with the IRS.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Honestly, Gil, we learned in the season. We did not start out that way. And we've gotten very valuable lessons that I think will improve our execution this time around.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Scott, it is still pretty early in the season, but we rolled that out with the new version of QuickBooks. So the QuickBooks desktop release for 2013 that went into retail back in October included the ability to have Payments as a feature. And also, the QuickBooks Online version of the product, we're in the process of making that simple and easy there as well. It's early days. But if you look at our first quarter results, we've seen a nice uptick in merchant growth. And we like the early indicators so far. And we think this is going to play out the way we hope it would, which is removing friction and making it easy for small businesses to be able to process payments with simply purchasing QuickBooks.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Thanks, Kartik. First of all, we anticipate a highly competitive tax season as we do every year. In terms of level of marketing spend, we don't believe that we have a problem with how much we're investing. We think we have an opportunity just how we make that much more targeted and efficient and effective. I shared earlier that, last year, we had 70 million unique visitors to turbotax.com. That's roughly half of all the people filing taxes in the U.S. So we have no issues with awareness and traffic. Our opportunity is then to convert those into active users. But I like our game plan going into this year. We've been spending a lot of time on our advertising, both online and offline. We've been improving the product, and we anticipate we'll be highly competitive. But we don't think it's going to be an issue of being outspent. It's going to be an opportunity for us to be very targeted and effective in our message.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Kartik, actually, one of the things we did with our payment as a feature is we're making it easy for you to sign up with Payments and use any of our payment-processing options, whether it's using merchant services through QuickBooks, using GoPayment or using ACH capabilities that we have as well. And so what we're trying to do is make it easy for you to take a payment anytime, anywhere your customer chooses to pay you. And that is an opportunity for us. GoPayment for us, the good news is, is it tends to bring people into the franchise for the first time and then that unlocks opportunities for us to expose them to other Payments options and other Intuit products. And so we do see that as an opportunity over the long term.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Jim. I'll start with the Payments usage. The opportunity for us is once we have someone come in, sign up for Payments, is to find a way to help them actively use it. And we have lots of initiatives going on now. It's still early days, but it's basically prompt [ph] . You'll see [ph] opportunities for you to find -- other opportunities to continue to use the product. I think you see that reflected in the results, even though it's still early days to have 21% growth in the business. And 11% growth in charge volume shows that we're starting to make some headway there. But I would tell you we're not all the way to [indiscernible]. This is going to be greenfield for us, as we continue to go in and work harder and work aggressively in this area. the second area is the change in how we're reporting on the fact sheet. We've been historically reporting on average charge volume for merchants and, quite frankly, that gets muddied with mix. As you bring customers in on GoPayment, they tend to be earlier stage businesses who process less charge volume. And when you throw those customers in with the other same-store sales, you end up getting a number that's down in the 1% to 2% to 3% that you referenced. We decided now to go back and use what the industry typically reports, which is total charge volume processed. You look at Visa, MasterCard, others out there, they report numbers that way and that gives you a better sense of basically how many dollars are we moving through our Payments mechanisms. And right now, it's up about 11% in total charge volume. And that's pretty much what you're hearing in the industry as a norm right now. So we're getting good healthy charge volume, while we're increasing our customer base. And we simply moved the metric to be a little more reflective of how we're looking at the business.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Ross, it is improving. One of the things we did this year was the release of QuickBooks 2013. It's in the registration process. We made it very easy and compelling for you to choose to upload you're data in the cloud. We provided benefit statements that you'll have automatic backup by having your data in the cloud. You'll have access to your customer data and your transaction information through tablets and phones. And we see an increasing number of customers signing up and going that route. And the good news for us is that moves them to a subscription model and makes it easier for us to introduce them to other services and enables us to get their data in the cloud so we can make the products better for them and deliver better benefits. So this is a real win for the customer and a win for us. In terms of life time value, the subscription service for QuickBooks on the desktop product is $34.95 a month. And that ends up being equivalent to about $299 or $300 a year. And if you think about that, relative to what it would cost with our Pro on a standalone basis, which is about $249 a month, we're getting a higher life time value for a customer on a subscription. And as you know, it's easier for us then to look at payments and payroll and other services attaching to that product when we have the data in the cloud. So it is an upside for us in terms of LTV of about $50 a year. And of course, on a subscription basis, that would carry over multiple years.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. So what's going to be different about it this year is we're going to be very clear that this is embedded into the product experience. It's going to be easier for you to find an expert, should you want them at the moment of truth. In terms of the volume of experts, we feel we've got the staffing model equivalent to what we had last year. And we have the ability to flex up or down if we need to. And I would also say that our biggest opportunity last year was not the quality of the experience. We actually saw Net Promoter Scores go up if someone use the product with an expert. We also felt our penetration of first-time filers go up because people knew they could use -- get somebody to help them if they needed. Our challenge was awareness. We just weren't that effective at helping market the fact that this was available and making it very obvious in the product. So that's what you're going to see different this year versus what we saw last year.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Greg, first, I'll reiterate what you just said. We are definitely going to play whistle-to-whistle. We just have to figure out when the game is going to start. And that will be somewhat contingent upon what late leg does. But we're going to be out there helping customers from day 1. In terms of prioritization, our priority remains expanding the category and growing units. Because we know we can maximize life time value over multiple years. And so we always lean heaviest on getting as many customers in and growing the category and increasing share. And that all comes down to units. And then from there, we get upside from ARPU. And the average revenue per filer ends up being primarily from mix and attach. We don't rely on price to do that. We basically tend to do that for mix and attach. So the answer to your question is we will continue to play heavy for share and for unit growth. And we will be playing whistle-to-whistle.
Brad D. Smith: Michael, I'll try to get these a shot. And then let me know if I hit the questions you're asking. Let me start a little bit about the taxes. There are dozens of expiring tax provisions that will affect forms this year that are basically in front of Congress now. They include everything from earned income tax credit, child tax credit, adoption, student loan interest. There's Schedule A items like mortgage insurance premiums. There's the Alternative Minimum Tax, which I talked about. There's education deductions. So there's a lot of it out there that's basically been bundled up the Congress has to address. Probably the gnarliest of those in terms of implications for coding are, for the IRS and for us, are AMT. And as you said, each and every year, this tends to be one of those conversation points. If Congress chooses to basically approve it, then it's a simple patch and you move forward. And there's no issue, no foul. If there's any meaningful changes to it, or they choose not to continue it forward, then there's some pretty serious coding that the IRS will have to do and subsequently, the rest of the industry. So that's why I called it out. But that's basically what's all going on behind the scenes on the taxes. You asked about volume on February 15, March 15, I'm not sure exactly why the question was there. So let me ask you just to clarify that a little bit.
Brad D. Smith: Oh, I see. Well, obviously, we'll have to see how our execution goes and how the season unfolds. And we'll release that information once we have it. But right now, we haven't provided guidance at that level at this point for the tax business. But I understand the nature of the question. And the real question is going to be, is the season going to break earlier or later in the year? And we're going to have to do our best from an execution perspective, and we'll certainly update everybody once we have those results.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, yes. But in terms of how they're going to break, will they be 10%, 15%, which I thought I understood in your question, we don't have that level of precision right now that we're prepared to share.
Brad D. Smith: Okay. And Michael, your last question was around fraud. And I would say that this is clearly an industry question that the IRS has been dealing with. All of us in the industry have been at the table with the IRS doing our collective best to say what can we do to help the IRS work with this issue. And all the software players, all the professional tax preparers are all doing of everything we can to help minimize fraud. It's just the nature of cyber criminals these days. And we're doing our very best to put a dent in that, and we're doing it in collaboration with the rest of the industry and with the government.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. David, I would say, first of all, that this market opportunity is really a huge upside opportunity for everybody. About 55% of small businesses today accept credit cards and electronic transactions. And what basically is happening now is with GoPayment, with Square -- and by the way, there are many, many others. There is PayPal here. There's Google Wallet. You've got a new introduction coming out from the credit card companies. Bank of America just lunched their version of it. Groupon launched their version of it. There are dozens of players in this space. And basically, what's happening is it's expanding the category. So everybody is benefiting from the upside opportunity of getting more customers in. And I think you'd see that on our 16% merchant growth and our 21% revenue growth. And so it's hard for us right now, because some of these companies are public, some are private, some don't even report the data separately to know who's gaining share or not. What I do know is that I like how our product is stacking up from a quality experience perspective. I like the fact it's bringing new customers into the franchise. And I love the fact our team continues to innovate to make it better. So as long as we stay focused on that, I think it will all shake out positively in the end.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. There hasn't really been any precise data on how online payroll as the category is growing. We tended to be one of the early players in that space. You've got some competitive alternatives out there that are getting into the space as well. But I do like the fact that our Online Payroll business is growing subscribers 20% and has continued to grow at that sort of level for many, many quarters. SurePayroll -- I do know of SurePayroll. I knew them when I was in the industry before coming here about 10 years ago. I don't know how they're doing inside of the paychecks organization. I do know how we're doing relative to the alternative, is we're continuing to grow customers when it appears their publicly reported data is not growing as robust in terms of customer growth. And I know that our revenue growth is pretty solid, too, at 12%. So I think our team is excited about the opportunities we have in the payroll space, particularly, with the Online Payroll space. And in terms of SurePayroll and others, that's pretty much all the information I have at this point.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Justin, it will have a positive impact on existing filers as we roll it out across the base over the year. Right now, it is definitely focused on helping people who are in the traffic phase move into an active user phase. But there will also be improvements for existing customers as well.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, thanks. I want to thank everybody for the questions today. We're pleased with the momentum coming out of the first quarter. We're confident with our game plan. We're looking forward to our peak selling season. I realize that there's a lot more information that people would love to have us share right now about tax season. And we're sharing everything we know when it comes to late leg or all the things we can share in terms of our new product. But we are excited to get into season, and we look forward talking to you again soon.
R. Neil Williams: Peter, let me add a reflection to Brad's very complete answer. What we're finding is that our mobile offerings amplify our revenue models, as opposed to replace them. So when we provide a mobile extension to QuickBooks Online, it makes it more valuable to have your books in the cloud. So we get more QuickBooks Online subscriptions, which is our core business model. Same thing for our QuickBooks desktop when they move to a subscription. Brad covered how in TurboTax we get paid per return. And the more returns we do, whether it's by phone or by web, the more we get paid. And we'll have mobile apps like TaxCaster or like Weave. But they don't do what QuickBooks does. So they pick up people and then based on a different usage and then some of those become users of our mainline products. Same thing for our Intuit Financial Services division. When we bring out mobile version for online banking, we sell more online banking to more customers, and we get paid per use. So what we're finding is that mobile is amplifying our revenue models, not replacing them.
R. Neil Williams: Ken, we don't really at this point. I think the increase you see there reflects the growth in the business we've had since 2 years ago. And so it's anybody's guess at this point. But I think this is a conservative estimate of what we think could happen if the filing deadlines are pushed back or some forms are delayed. But it's an estimate. We try to give you as much transparency on this as we could. And we'll certainly keep you posted as we see what happens over the next few months.
R. Neil Williams: Yes. So it's each of the products that we monetize directly through mobile. So we have IFS banking products, where you have the ability to use SMS or online banking through a mobile phone. You have GoPayment. You have SnapTax. You have Mint -- where we have ways to save [ph] engine. So it's each of the products that we monetize through mobile add up to that $70 million. And we see that growing at least by 50% in the coming 12 months as well.
R. Neil Williams: All right, Scott. I'll take the first and third and lead Neil to the second one since you directed that one to him. So first on the new TurboTax interface, I'll ask your indulgence to let us wait until November 23 when we release the product in the desktop and December 3 for online for competitive reasons. Suffice it to say that we remain a highly experimentation culture, where we're quickly putting things out front of customers and making it better each and every time. But we're excited with the progress we're seeing and you'll get the chance to see that product when it rolls out in a few weeks. In terms of the fiscal first quarter being down at Consumer Group, what we basically saw was, this year, the number of people filing extensions using TurboTax was down versus last year. If you go back and look at last year, we had an unusual growth rate in the first quarter last year. And we do not see that same spike this year. And so I would tell you that the thing I would keep in mind is this is actually a reflection of last year's product and last year's experience in advertising campaign. It has nothing to do with our plans going into this tax season or the new refreshed product that customers will be seeing. It's about [ph] to simply say that it's a onetime event. It's tied to last year's experience and the fact that we just didn't see as many people filing extensions as they did a year ago, when we had a pretty tough comp.
R. Neil Williams: And Scott, I guess, to your question about additional color, let me be clear that we don't have a lot of insight into exactly what might happen when in terms of late legislation. But the approach we've taken in terms of how we build the product with the engineering, with the marketing messaging and with our financial planning, is to be prepared and have as much flexibility as possible and to be prepared for continued [indiscernible] That might occur. So when we talk about revenue moving from one quarter to the next and the impact on EPS, those are our best estimates. It's what we built into our planning for the year, but it's heavily dependent on what actually happens in Congress and what the IRS is able to accomplish. And so I don't want to imply a higher level of precision with what we think is going to happen but also to leave you with the notion that we do want to be prepared and that we've taken a number of contingencies into consideration to be sure that we have a good tax season overall.
R. Neil Williams: Yes. We see Payroll as a double-digit growth engine, as we see our total Small Business portfolio being. We think that it's a real opportunity for us to continue to penetrate the QuickBooks space and get more of the customers to sign up for our own Payroll service. We also think our standalone Payroll product, including some newer ones we've released, like Snap Payroll, which is a mobile Payroll product, enables us to get customers into the franchise that may not be using QuickBooks. So we do see it as a double-digit growth engine for us. And we're continuing to look at how we can grow our customer base in addition to grow the revenue.
R. Neil Williams: Well, Brad, the biggest item that's a factor is the inclusion of Demandforce. And clearly, when you have a segment of the business that's growing their subscriber base north of 60%, there some sales and marketing costs associated with that. And there's a G&A piece that's also included in Q1 for the very first time. That's really the biggest driver, I would tell you, of what you're seeing in terms of Small Business margin. Most of the other things are very positive as we get more customers and higher LTV in the online offerings.
R. Neil Williams: Justin, we don't see a departure from our -- from the trend you've seen in the last couple years, where our free cash flow ought to grow roughly in line with our operating -- our non-GAAP operating income. And we've been able to maintain that even as we've shifted more to Connected Services. So we're not really expecting significant departure from that trend going forward. So you can apply roughly the same guidance growth rates around 90 of operating income to the cash flow as well.
