Sasan Goodarzi: Super. Thank you, Michelle. I'm proud of the team and always accomplished together and I'm optimistic about the future. We have a large, addressable market with digital and tailwinds that include a shift to Virtual Solutions, acceleration to online and omnichannel capabilities, and digital money offerings. With our strategy of becoming an AI-driven expert platform and five Big Bet s, we are positioned well for accelerated innovation and growth. Let's now open it up to your questions.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Thank you, Kirk. And good to hear from you. I will just take us back to several years ago when we talked about the importance of having a platform that really allows our customers to not only grow their business but to be able to manage their money and ensure that they are compliant.  And we've been heavily investing in payments, making it very easy for our customers to discover, making sure that we provide them with choice, accelerating our innovation in areas like instant deposit, getting paid upfront, those sorts of things.  And we -- that along with our investments in payroll, similar areas where we've really focused on making the experience far better, innovating in things like same-day payroll or next-day payroll, the shift of full-service where we have experts to help run your payroll and help you with your taxes, those are just of course two, very big and important illustrative examples where those innovations are really continuing to accelerate and beginning to pay off, especially in a time where we have digital tailwinds, where you have customers that are looking to move online, do more of their stuff online if they're already online.  And that is starting to pan out when you look at our overall services revenue, whether it's payroll, payments, time tracking, all of those areas are contributing. And I think to your question, yes, this is sustainable. We are continuing to become that platform that customers look to, to be able to run their business. Our innovations are starting to pay off and we're not standing still.  Our innovations are in fact accelerating, and we would continue to expect that we'll be there for our customers and grow with them. And I think the last thing I would say, especially with our move into the mid-market where we're starting to serve larger customers, those are larger transactions and as we continue to penetrate non-consumption in the mid-market, we would continue to see that pay off.
Sasan Goodarzi: I'd be happy to chime in and Michelle, please don't hesitate to jump in as well. First of all, I would just take you back to our longer-term expectations is to deliver 30% online revenue growth. And there's always going to be put and takes relative to payments and payroll and accounting revenue.  So please let your, sort of, uber compass be 30% online revenue growth. With that said, as I mentioned earlier, as I was answering Kirk's question, we are seeing the impact of our innovations pay off, and more and more of our customers are migrating to full-service payroll. More of our customers are actually wanting to get started on full-service payroll because of these capabilities that it has.  And it comes with expertise to help them solve the very problem that frankly is the biggest problem that is unsaid and that is about confidence. So, we have a runway ahead of us. Ken when it comes to payroll and I would just say your compass should be 30% online revenue growth.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Ken. And we'll, of course, unpack this to a more detailed level at our upcoming Investor Day. I would just tell you that I am delighted with our continued strategic progress and that will really feed into our future growth, which I think is the element of your question. When you think about our performance, I know I'm repeating some of the stats, but I think they're worth repeating.  One, we increased our total share of IRS returns by 1 point, the 2 areas that really matter most that we're focused on underpenetrated segments and transforming the assisted segments. We saw really superb results. Our overall investor volume tripled year-over-year. TurboTax Live awareness increased 20%. Our total customers grew 100%, our new customers to the franchise to TurboTax Live grew over 100%.  And with our full-service offering, it actually attracted new customers from the prior year assisted segment at a 25% higher rate than TurboTax Live Do-It-With-Me. And our retention rate stayed flat to a little bit up overall. So, when you look at all the key sort of metrics, knock on wood, it's very, very healthy and we expect that to inform next year's growth. And we do assume, by the way, that IRS returns are going to be about flattish next year.  So that's probably one important assumption that's worthwhile sharing. Though this is just a continuation as you've probably heard me say multiple times, we're on a 10-year plus run in these opportunity areas that we're focused on. And next year is just going to be another sort of important pivotal year in our quest to transform assisted and penetrated the underpenetrated segment.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure, Alex. Great to hear from you. Thank you for your kind comments. On Credit Karma, let me just -- I'll briefly start at the top in terms of what we are seeing. First of all, the accelerated innovation that we are seeing with Credit Karma is really paying off, and that accelerated innovation is how we're using our combined data to be able to deliver personalized experiences, leveraging Lightbox for our customers.  It's then ensuring that we're providing relevant offers to customers in the areas that they need it most. And now we can provide multiple relevant offers, whether it's cards, personal loans, auto insurance, home loans, and beyond.  But I think then more important than when they -- the offers in front of them, we have the ability to actually help them with the potential of their approval and make it very easy when they click to actually get the offers. So those are all critical areas of innovation that are really paying off. And I think it's a testament to the platform that when our partners decided to really go after customer acquisition, that they invested a good chunk of their dollars on the platform. And it just demonstrates the network effect than the power of the data and the trust of the members that we have. So that's the first element that we just believe will continue given our accelerated innovation, because our -- ultimately, our penetration rate, maybe one of the highest in credit cards. But it's one of the lowest when you look at auto insurance. So, we have so much room for increased wallet share. In terms of synergies, Alex, we are actually quite bullish about the possibilities for the future.  And I would want you to think about those synergies in the future, and there are really several areas of synergy. One is really making Credit Karma benefits part of the entire TurboTax experience. That's one big opportunity. The other big opportunity is making it seamless and contextual, in terms of TurboTax as part of the Credit Karma experience to be able to do your taxes.  And then third, what we just announced, which is Credit Karma being part of the payroll experience where our payroll customers can actually deposit their monies into a free checking and savings account and be able to access their money early over time if they wish.  So those are significant opportunities because they're -- you're talking about millions and millions of TurboTax customers, payroll customers, and of course, over -- well over a 100 million Credit Karma customers that we're going to launch TurboTax to. This past year, and as I'll remind us, it feels like a long time, but we just closed Credit Karma in December. These past eight months, we have been experimenting with incredible purpose, incredible speed, and incredible intention. And it's informed what we are rolling out and what we're doing in the year to come. I would just say in terms of those things turning into material customer revenue growth, there -- we're not counting on that in the near-term, we're counting on that more on the mid-term because we want to really continue to nail the experience in creating ecosystem benefit across all of our members. So that's the way I would want you to think about not only what you're seeing in Credit Karma, but the growth rates that are ahead of us.
Sasan Goodarzi: Great. Brent, just a follow-up question. The last question that you asked about trend lines, were those just general trend lines that we're seeing in small businesses? I want to make sure we captured your question correctly.
Sasan Goodarzi: Got it. Okay. Great. So, let me start with your question about the international. First of all, as I mentioned in the last earnings call, and I think the same trend continues. One thing that's unchanged is small businesses across the globe are still recovering. Some have recovered to -- back to pre-COVID levels. Some have actually accelerated their business because they changed the model. But at least what we see in our data, 20% ish of small businesses are still struggling. And struggling is defined by, they have -- their net deposits are down over 25%. So, I think it's important just as a general perspective to recognize that small businesses are in general still in recovery mode. With that said, our platform has become more critical than ever. And the digital nature of our platform to be able to run your business, grow your business, manage your cash flow, and be compliant is more important than ever, which is why, based on our innovation, overall, we're seeing this acceleration.  And then if I put that in the context of geography, I would say the U.S. has really bounced back in terms of the usage of our platform and, in fact, an acceleration probably above all, it's happened in the U.S. I would say Canada is sort of next in terms of recovery. And I would just put countries like the UK, France, Australia as really being much, much slower in the recovery. And really the reason is as you've seen, there's a lot of open, shutdown, open, shutdown and that's really impacted just a sentiment of both accountants and small businesses. But even in that context, it's actually quite exciting that we delivered 47% revenue growth in constant currency last quarter and 43% for the whole year. But with that said, we're assuming a much slower recovery international than we are in the U.S. because I think it's just really important that we get out of this health crisis. And then once we do, we believe the small businesses will bounce back much, much faster outside the U.S. International is still important for our future, but what I just shared is just how we've taken that into account strategically in both economically and our guidance as we look ahead. And maybe with that, I'll turn it over to Michele to answer your QuickBooks Live question.
Sasan Goodarzi: Great question, Kash. And great to hear from you. I'll take you back to the bet that we have declared, which is we truly want to be the center of Small Business growth. And for us, it's really about helping customers grow their business.  It's helping our customers manage all of their money flow, and it's also ensuring that they can take good care of their employees and be compliant. And I think particularly, there are two areas to answer your question as we move upmarket, but it's also relevant.  One of them is very relevant to just smaller businesses that we're continuing to focus on. And that is one, how do we help you grow your business? That's both relevant to the businesses that we serve today, but also very relevant to the mid-market customers and so to be able to manage your marketing, your sales, your services, is one element. I think the other element, which is particularly important for mid-market customers is just all their GNA.  And we believe that the live platform that we've created, the engines that we've created will actually help us go beyond bookkeeping, taxes, and accounting to be able to focus on some of their -- and how they run their business and particularly the live GNA. So those are the two areas.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Hi, Siti. And thank you for your kind words. I would just start with really, this has been a very intentional multiyear effort to have one platform across TurboTax, where you can do your taxes yourself. You can get assistance to do your taxes or we'll do your taxes for you. And a platform where you can choose to go back and forth within the year or in a multiyear period, we want to be the platform for your taxes and of course, obviously beyond that, with the capabilities that we have with Credit Karma.  The second element, I would say is what we learned this year, going to full launch, is that full-service offering has a halo effect and build confidence for customers, which is why we were able to attract new customers from the prior assisted method at a 25% higher rate into full-service because they know that they can digitally provide us all of their data. And we have excellent experts to be able to take very good care of them. So that's the biggest learning that we had.  It was a hypothesis that we have from prior-year experimentation and we're going to continue to scale that as we look ahead. It's just a very critical part of our platform. And as I've said before, we believe that we're in the very, very early innings of a 10-year plus opportunity here. And we just see full-service playing a very important role as we look ahead.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure. Thank you. Scott, good to hear from you. First of all, just as a reminder, we were one of the founding members of the Free File Alliance program with the IRS and it has been frankly, an incredible partnership with the IRS and the private industry. And when we really founded this program with the IRS, there were really two goals. And I'll simplify it. The two goals were, we wanted at that time, to ensure that electronic filing was used by more than 80% plus of all consumers. And we wanted to make sure that free filing was available to 80% plus of consumers. And when you forward the clock, mission accomplished on both, in fact, we've exceeded both metrics as an industry on both fronts. And Free has now become prevalent across the entire industry. And so, we felt that the time was right now that the mission has been accomplished to really change our approach to how we can deliver benefits for customers. Free will always be an important part of the strategy, but there are constraints when you come in through the Free File Alliance program and those constraints are, for instance, we can't provide you benefits on other platforms, like our free Credit Karma platform.  And so, as we look ahead, not only will we be able to provide free tax offerings to our customers, but as they grow and we grow with them, they can benefit from Credit Karma, they can benefit from Mint. If they are a small business, they can benefit from QuickBooks, things that we ultimately couldn't talk to them about if they were part of the Free File Alliance program. So, mission accomplished and that's the reason why we chose to get out. I just want to state again, the partnership with the IRS has absolutely been phenomenal and with private industry to achieve the goals of FFA.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. My apologies, I failed to answer that. No impact to margins, no impact to revenue, and some of the resources actually were that -- were on FFA, we're reallocating them to really important work in TurboTax. So, there's no impact.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Scott, I'll just start with it's an assumption, we make an assumption every year. So, what we think it will be because it's important for our planning. And because there have been two years of pretty strong total return growth, we're just assuming next year is going to be flat. We could be wrong, it could grow, but our assumption going in is it's flat.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure, Michael, and thank you for it. I know you've been waiting for a while in the queue here. We have very good visibility and I'll just be specific. We have well over 100 million customers. We see the monthly active users, which has grown quite nicely.  We actually, based on the data that we have and how we are leveraging that data with our customer's permission as part of Lightbox and the number of partners that come into Lightbox, we actually can see spend behavior. We can see our customer's activity.  We can see their financial situations and are continued to be better positioned to be able to offer them products that are right for them. So, when we see our member growth, when we see our member activity, the number of transactions, which is the number of offerings that we now have, the activity of our partners, which we're very engaged with because our partners see this platform as a great growth opportunity for them.  And the fact that we continue to be very intentional, that we are an agnostic platform. We have pretty good visibility into the future with Credit Karma. And we feel, of course, good and confident about the guidance that we provided.
Sasan Goodarzi: Thank you, Brad. Good to hear from you. First of all, with all of the movement in the last couple of years with the pandemic and the growth that we've experienced, we're actually quite pleased with the retention rates. And I would tell you the biggest lever around retention is what we are doing with TurboTax Live, which is ensuring that our customers know and understand that there is an expert to help them every step of the way. But I think secondly, and we haven't talked much about this and we'll spend a little bit of time on this at Investor Day, is how we are now leveraging data to never lose the customer. And I give a lot of credit to our TurboTax team where we've been working on this for several years.  It's not a new body of work, but the shift from just engaging you once a year when it's tax time, to actually understanding and leveraging what we know about you. If something has changed in your life if you bought a house if you bought a car if you got married if you got divorced if you move from one state to another. It's actually engaging you year-round relative to giving your confidence that those changes can be addressed by us.  So, it's the combination of leveraging data, applying AI for that data with our models to understand who could be at risk, and then engaging those customers proactively. And by the way, depending on their needs, not just with TurboTax, it could also be engaging them with the benefits of Credit Karma. Those are the two big things, data, and AI, and the capabilities of TurboTax Live, engaging customers year-round, where we are quite confident over the long term, we can continue to increase our retention rates.
Sasan Goodarzi: Brad, the numbers are so wonky. What happened the last couple of years, I think so many people that don't have to file their taxes came in to do their taxes to get a stimulus check. And so, what really matters are some of the underlying numbers that we provided, and the fact that we gained share overall, IRS returns and within DIY, even though DIY went down. But it's just a wonkiness of the number of stimulus customers that came in that ultimately didn't have to file their taxes again this year. So that's the reasoning as we look at all the cohorts.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Thank you, Jackson. It's primarily originations in credit cards and personal loans. One data point is public, the other one is in our own data that we see. They're up double-digits strongly compared to pre-COVID levels. And we believe those are just going at some point taper. in the back half of the year, and it's primarily from what we see in credit cards and personal loans.  And it's really our innovation on the platform that will continue the guidance growth that we provided of 18% to 21%. But it's really in credit cards and personal loans that we believe originations will go back to pre - COVID levels, which were strong, it's just there was pent-up demand so it grew to double-digits.
Sasan Goodarzi: Thank you, Brad, for your question and your kind words. Let me make a couple of comments. One, the -- really are the majority of our growth is coming from customer growth and mix. And when I say mix, it's for instance, QuickBooks Advanced, which goes after the mid-market type mix. It's really not driven by price, although we have increased price this year and it's the first time, we've done it in over the last couple of years. And I'd tell you that we run tests and it's exactly as you said, it's -- we look at the price-value equation. We have very clear pricing principles. And with experimentation and data, we choose when to move forward with the price increase.  And I would tell you that our innovation, just in the last couple of years, literally last year, our innovation across the Company, which includes small business, doubled year-over-year in terms of -- and we measure that by code deployment and impact, and it's doubled again this year. And that shows up in how we leverage data and AI across the platform to deliver insights to customers. It shows up in payments and payroll and time tracking. And then what we've announced, which is moving upmarket several years ago with QuickBooks advance, it's being able to serve product-based businesses with QuickBooks commerce.  It's being able to go after non-consumption with QuickBooks Live, which is a higher sort of price tag for our customers. And then our disruptive offering with QuickBooks Cash, which is, in essence, you can start with a business bank account and be able to run your business through that. So just the innovation is I would just say staggering, focused on cohorts of customers and going after their needs, and with an open platform, we're able to really focus on what matters more to customers and monetize. So, we believe that capability is one that we'll have for years to come.
Sasan Goodarzi: Matt, thank you for your question. The short answer is no. We're continuing to see strength by industry, by geography, given some of the tailwinds and our innovation that I spoke about earlier. So, with the Delta variant being the primary driver of the COVID cases and what we're seeing in different states within the U.S. having a different impact, we've really not seen an impact in our results in charge volume, the number of employees, so the strength remains.
Sasan Goodarzi: Thank you, Michael, for your question. A couple of things. I'll start with your first question. We're very excited about the innovation across the Company. The customer segments we're pursuing, and the impact of that, that we are seeing. And in that context, we feel very good about our guidance and long-term expectations. This gets to the second question, and that is the long term, what we'll do at Investor Day, as we do every year, is we'll share our long-term expectations. So, we'll talk about that at Investor Day.  So, if you wouldn't mind maybe waiting another 3 weeks, we'll talk about that a little bit more. And the third part of your question around tax and assistance and do we have a blip from the pandemic, I would say the short answer is really no. This year, a lot of our -- a lot of accountants and stores were actually open.  I think what you're seeing here is just it's the impact of our innovation, it's raising the awareness that we have live expertise available for customers, whether we do it with you or do it for you. And in that context, this was not a blip because of the pandemic. If anything, most places were actually open and this was just based on our strategy and the results of our execution.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Thank you. Well, thank you very much for the wonderful questions and I want to just thank our employees, our customers, and our partners for another great quarter and I wish all of you to be safe out there and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Hey, Kirk. Thanks for your question. Yes. We're pretty excited about Credit Karma as we continue to look forward. Q4 was just their all-time high for revenue. And so, we felt really good about that as we see strength in both credit cards and personal loans and transactions per member increasing.Yes, you're right. As you heard Sasan said, we did see some of the pent-up demand. We expect that will taper in Fiscal 2022, we had a pretty strong year of investment by our partners.  And so, we do expect that to return to more pre-COVID investment levels. As to how you might think about that across the year, there's not a whole lot of seasonality within CK. So, but we -- obviously, we haven't guided the individual quarters except for Q1. But we are pretty excited about what we see and we think there's still a lot of opportunity for Credit Karma next year.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Hey, Keith. Thanks for your question. Well, first of all, I'd say we've been really excited about how Small Business has performed this year. And obviously, you can see with next year with our guide of 12% to 14%, we feel that it will be strong next year also.  We feel that you really need to continue to look at Online Ecosystem revenue growth. And we do expect that to be 30% or better over time. We haven't guided to it. We don't do it quarterly, but we do expect it to be there over the long term and being driven by the 10% to 20% gross number of customers on the ARPC. Now when I go to the other side, which you were asking about around Desktop. Desktop, we have over time, the last few years, we've seen some growth in it, and obviously, this past year in 2021, we saw 4% growth. But we do anticipate that that will just continue to decline over time. We've got more and more customers. As they come in, they choose the online versions and so you've got 8, 9 out of 10 customers that come in and choose QBO. So that's where I would help you with your math on that.
Michelle Clatterbuck: We have -- we've chosen not to force people to move onto online. We do think that there is a much better value proposition, and they just have a much better experience if they're using our online products, but we want them to use whatever works for them. But we have seen more and more people as they choose Desktop, they are choosing the Plus product, where they have the subscription. And so that is part of what we've been seeing.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Great question, Alex. Thank you. First of all, thank you for acknowledging the margin delivery we have this year. You mentioned gross margin and we have continued to say that we expect gross margin to remain fairly flat over time. You're right, we did have a lot of questions as we got into the TurboTax Live businesses as to whether that was going to deteriorate margins. But it has remained flattish over time. I mean, that was the last expectation we gave that I gave last year at Investor Day. And our big focus is obviously on margin, and we see the opportunity there and continue to see opportunities to drive margin leverage really as we become more and more of a platform Company. FY 21 was a little unique, in that with the pandemic and full swing at the beginning, we weren't exactly sure how -- exactly how things are going to play out and we were a little bit more conservative with investments. And then the business ended up bouncing back much more quickly than we thought.  So, as I mentioned earlier, when you look over all the way back from 2019, we've got about on average a point of margin expansion. And so, we feel really good about that, and especially with our guide looking forward to 60 basis points.  So, when I think about where we'll see the expansion, though it is really all across the business is helping us drive it, getting leverage, whether it's in technology, and looking at how we can get rid of duplicate technology and use services more, whether it's in customer success and really leaning into a platform there to deliver for all our customers or opportunities we have in our go-to-market and enabling additional technology there. So, we do think that we continue to have opportunities to drive that leverage.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Great. Hey, Brent, I would say we're continuing to make some progress with QuickBooks Live. It actually goes back to what I mentioned earlier on, the opportunities for platform leverage because it's actually built on the same platform as TurboTax Live. And that's what enabled us to bring it to market so much more quickly.  Right now, we're still focused on achieving product-market fit. Seeing some early signs here is a way to bring in customers who are new to Intuit, to help us with customer acquisition.  And we do think that there is a great opportunity for us to use the live product, to help penetrate non-consumption, which as you know, is a huge opportunity. The pandemic over this last year has really been an opportunity as we've seen the acceleration to a virtual world. And so, obviously, customers are much more anxious to or much more open to using these types of experiences. And so, our platform really enables that. It does solve one of the biggest problems we have with Small Business customers, which is confidence. You also see that on the TurboTax side too. Expert interest has continued to remain really strong. And so that has been a good thing for us to see.  A few customer pains point we're currently working on are on solving, streamlining, and automating document collection. And then enabling messaging within the offerings so customers can more easily communicate with their bookkeeper. And then the last thing I'd say is last year we launched the setup queue so that we could really help small businesses come in, get set up on QuickBooks, and have that confidence right from the get-go. And we've seen some good success with that.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Hey, Jackson, thanks for the question. Premier, we've done a good amount of work on Premier last couple of years. It's specifically used by our investors. And so obviously we've continued to see the growth that's one of the underpenetrated segments that we've focused on. We have not provided any detailed information on our retention rates below the higher level for TurboTax, so that's just not an area that we really delved into, just because of the competitive nature.
