Brad D. Smith: All right. Thank you, Neil. We've put a lot of energy into explaining this tax season given all the moving parts this year. At the risk of being redundant, I'll reinforce that we like our position and our game plan and early indications suggest that we are performing well. Our Small Business results remain strong, especially considering the macro environment. We have momentum in all of our core businesses. And across the company, we're benefited from the secular tailwinds toward more digital Connected Services. We have market-leading SaaS and, increasingly, mobile solutions, capitalizing on the tailwinds and they're generating predictable recurring revenue streams. So we're not going to get distracted by quarterly shifts. We have a proven strategy that is delivering on the short-term while building the foundation for long-term growth and increasing shareholder value. I want to close by congratulating our employees for once again having Intuit named as one of Fortune magazine's Top 100 Best Places to Work for the 12th year in a row and be being listed in the top 25 for the second year in a row. It is their dedication to creating an environment of customer-driven innovation that generates the financial result that you've come to expect from us. And with that, Said, I'll turn it over to you to open it up for any questions.
Brad D. Smith: First of all, in terms of the shift in mix, we think that the tax filers, whether they have a more simpler return or more complex return, won't be impacted by whether they're starting a little bit later than usual. So I think the mix is going to play out pretty much the way we had anticipated. In terms of our marketing campaign, we had a game plan to be aggressive throughout the season and we've begun that early in the season to help people navigate through the uncertainty of what they can do if the IRS was getting in gear. And so ultimately, I would tell you that we feel like we have a pretty solid plan for the balance of the year and this doesn't change anything in terms of our marketing approach.
Brad D. Smith: Great. Thank you, Peter. Let me start with conversion. Our teams continue to be laser-focused on this, improving everything from the shopping experience to the ability to come in and try our product and then become an active user and keep repeating the use of that product. We are seeing positive results in terms of conversion. The tax season, of course, had a little bit of an apples-and-oranges start because you have people come in and begin to use the product but they didn't necessarily complete their tax return until they had all the information or they thought the IRS was ready to accept. But we're starting to see those conversion metrics move in the direction we had anticipated and the team continues to run tests every single day and continues to optimize the experience. So across-the-board, I would say, we're making positive progress around conversion, which is why you hear us reiterating our guidance for the full year and raising our EPS guidance for the balance of the year as well. In terms of Demandforce, we are just delighted with how this business continues to perform. The business is growing north of 50%, they're adding customers. You heard the subscriber base was up 57% for the quarter. The team has worked to integrate Demandforce with the data in QuickBooks and they're very early stages right now but they're out their marketing to the QuickBooks customer base to introduce them to Demandforce. And we're doing the same thing with our accountants as well, who have an appointment-based kind of practice. And so it's early days in terms of the ability to begin to cross-sell but the team already has experiments in place. We've already got the data integrated and across-the-board, the Demandforce business continues to perform extremely well. So that's how we feel about that acquisition at this point.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, I'll be happy to do that, Brent. First of all, tax in the online space is playing out pretty much the way it has the last several years. Everyone is being very aggressive with an introductory product that is free. You see a lot of search engine words or SEO, SEM for search engine optimization and search engine marketing happening, a lot of banner ads and, basically, it's an aggressive fight for every tax filer and so there isn't any increased competitiveness that we've noticed so far. What we have noticed is the opportunity for us to continue to get sharper on our conversion funnel, because we get 70 million people out of the 140 million tax filers that visit turbotax.com every year. That's 1/2 of the nation. And our ability to capture their attention, get them using our products, convert them into a filer gives us a real opportunity to grow market share. So in terms of the competitive landscape, it's just as dog-eat-dog as it's ever been, but our ability to get smarter and wiser about how we capture more share continues to get better every day and I'm feeling good about our game plan.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Sterling. So last year, I think the number reported by the IRS is around 143 million, 144 million filers. And I believe that they expect, on average, somewhere between 1% to 2% increase this year. We're calling in about the same range. So somewhere in the mid-140 million, maybe 146 million filers or so is what we're looking for.
Brad D. Smith: So what we've looked at is over the last 5 years, the tax software category has grown 7% compounded annually. The tax store category has declined 1% and the tax pros, CPAs and others, prepared by tax professional has grown 1%. Even when you look at last year and you look at IRS reported data, the tax software category is still outgrowing all the alternatives, 5:1. So there is a secular shift. There's about 3 million to 5 million people enter the tax category and they tend to be digital natives who are used to doing everything online or with a mobile device. You've got an installed group of people who carry smartphones every day and they use the web to run their personal life. They do online banking, so they're looking on the alternative of doing taxes themselves and that just continues to provide a foundation of secular tailwind for us that allows the category to grow. So we have seen no change in terms of the shift to digital.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Sterling, I would say we're still early days. But what we now have is we have about 24,000 paying customers in over 79 countries and then we have free versions where customers are in the trial period in over 160 countries. Now we're learning a lot about how to optimize the conversion funnel, how to more localize the product so that it feels really unique to the individual in that particular country and every day is a great learning journey but we love the early results. They're positive and they're moving in the right direction.
Brad D. Smith: I would first put this into context. This is an education year for everyone around the Affordable Care Act. So we're taking steps necessary to make sure that tax filers understand what are the decisions they want to be making and need to be making, so when this actually comes to fruition in 2014, they have the ability to have the right tax situation set up for them. And so right now, we are working with our experts inside and we also have some things in market that enable the tax filer to know what are decisions they want to start making now that will set them up in the best position in 2014. As you just suggested, the Affordable Care Act will be administering both credits, as well as potentially penalties through the tax system. And so we believe that next year is going to be very important to be able to work closely with all the customers in the market to help them make the best decisions that optimize their tax outcome. Will it bring new filers in? That's going to be one that we'll all have to better understand over time. If it's anything like the Bush tax rebates in 2008, that moved the number of tax filers from 140 million to about 156 million as people came in and basically filed to get the rebate. If that has the same implications, that could potentially grow the tax category, which we think will be good news. But at this point in time, I think it's still too early to call. So we're going to continue to work with the experts. And as you know, we've got a Healthcare business. So between our tax business and our Healthcare business we've got all the right people on it and we'll share more as we learn more.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, I would tell you that it's still early days in terms of the transition for the tax category, Gil. But what we're seeing is 3x the number of downloads and actual tax returns completed and filed on mobile devices this year season to date than what we saw last year. That's pretty significant. And what we do know is that we've now increased the reach. Last year, we were able to reach a certain population of people with an easier return. You can now reach 80% of all those people with a simple return and they can complete and file right on their smartphone. And then, the other piece I would tell you is just like many of us, some people may begin on a mobile device and want to finish it up on an internet -- maybe a web-enabled PC, so we've been able the ability to start on phone and move it back to TurboTax Online. So I think you're going to see mobile play an increasing role. In terms of the percent of the mix, at this point, we haven't broken out and what percent of total mix it is but I'll tell you, it's growing 300% and it is growing faster than anything else we've got in the portfolio.
Brad D. Smith: I'll say, first of all, last year, our team did a wonderful job getting out there and launching and learning. We've got some goodness out of it. We saw increased Net Promoter Scores. We saw a 37% lift in first-time filers who moved into our product for a large part because we had assisted advice if they needed it. But we also had some lessons learned in terms of how we structured the support, how easy it was to find it in the product if they needed it and I'll say that our team has taken a huge step forward this year and I couldn't be more pleased. We're getting great feedback in terms of accessibility and easy to find the expert if you need them. We're also seeing an increase in Net Promoter Scores again, up between 3 and 5 points. And so while it's early days, we like the results we're seeing and we like the feedback we're hearing back from customers and so we're going to continue forward from this point on.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Walter, what you have is you have a few different data points here. First of all, 100-day season every day moves the number quite a bit. And when we reported through February 16, with that, slow start to the season and actually only getting a couple of days into our second quarter here in terms of the ability for the IRS to process, our total units were down 7. If you take the snapshot of January 30 when they started accepting through February 16, they're up 29%. When I shared the IRS information that we've heard from the IRS it's down 22% season to date, but they're seeing the same phenomenon right now. And since they opened up in January 30, they're starting to make a dent in that the year-over-year delta. And I think it's just going to be a matter of a couple weeks before they cross the tipping point and start to go into positive territory as well. And so I would tell you, I am very pleased right now with what I'm seeing when you actually have a 200-basis point improvement in market share and retail. You've got 40x to 60x more people rating your mobile apps than the nearest competitor and you're actually holding share online or actually up maybe about 0.5 point depending upon which of the data sources you see. I feel pretty good that our numbers are stacking up versus at least what we can pick up in the industry overall but we still got a lot of game left to play.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Greg, I'll tell you, the information I shared with you in the conversations with the IRS, I can't give you the specific date. I could tell you the information came in the last 24 hours and so when I use a season-to-date figure, you could assume that it's probably pretty fresh. In terms of what's different, there's some similarities in terms of the fact that Congress was able -- or Congress acted late, which put a lot of pressure in the industry and the IRS to be able to make the coding changes, which put a delay in the season. The differences going around was January 30, the ability to start processing tax returns with the IRS impacted pretty much the universe. And so what you had is you had a large number of people who knew and, this time, were much more conditioned to saying, okay, I remember what happened 2 years ago. So we saw a lot more people sit back and wait. Two years ago, people went ahead and moved forward and processed and we kept it in the cloud and held it for them until the IRS was ready, or they went to a CPA and the CPA kind of held it. This time, the tax filers seemed to be much more attuned to what was happening in Washington and so they sat back and didn't move. So we saw a significant impact this time versus what we saw 2 years ago. Now I will put it into perspective for you in terms of the impact on revenue. Two years ago, we saw about 80% of our tax revenue come in the third quarter, because of the delayed filing. Last year, in a more normalized year, it was about 75%. We expect for this year that's it's going to be a little bit more than 80%. And so this is not without precedent. It just happens to be a little more back-end loaded than what we saw a couple of years ago and it's primarily because the filers are now kind of watching Washington and they're sitting back and waiting until the IRS was ready.
Brad D. Smith: Those are kind of the metrics we're looking at right now. We're looking at the comScore site traffic. We're looking at Hitwise. We are looking at Google and the AdWords and how many people are clicking on different brands. And then in addition to that, we have around internal data we're looking at. And all of those things seem to be indicating similar trends to what you just highlighted there. Our marketing team is doing a really good job. I think our marketing message is clearer and the execution that the teams put out there in the market, I'm very pleased with here today.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, so let me start with the second part first, Scott. So this year through 2/16 , the comparable period was through February 18 of last year. So we're actually looking at the start of season number of filing days and so it's versus 2/18 last year. In terms of the IRS data, kind of go back to the answer a few minutes ago. I can't tell you the cutoff date. The data that we have is relatively fresh. It's in the last 24 to 36 hours. And so it's hard for me to tell you that it's the exact same day. It actually feels a little fresher just based upon the source than our 2/16 cut off. So I feel pretty good about our 7% decline through February 16 compared to the 22% number that we heard from the IRS. And as we triangulate that some of the other data we just talked about like comScore website traffic and others and I feel like we're out of the gate strong.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, I really don't have a forecast or a perspective on how it's going to end up. What I do know is that we do fundamentally support and believe that people preparing tax returns should have certification and should be accredited to do so if they're going to do it on behalf of someone else and that's why our free tax advice is only supported by tax attorneys and road agents and certified professional accountants. And so we've been in support of the industry's view there. In terms of whether or not this court ruling is going to continue to push that forward or end up opening it up for others, we'll have to wait and see.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, honestly, we have not broken out the number of refund card. As you know, we changed our approach this year. We had it in-house last year. This year we partnered with Netspend and Netspend is helping us with the program management and administration. So while we're getting let revenue, it's actually very profitable for us. And so far, we like the volume we're seeing but we haven't broken out the number of cards versus last year. And I'll hand it over to Neil for the second part of your question.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Kartik, we have. The GoPayment customers that aren't using QuickBooks, so the pure standalones, tend to be a much more early stage small business. They tend to process fewer transactions and the dollar amount tends to be a little less. And so what you end up seeing is when you put that into our overall mix that has an impact on our total GoPayment average revenue per customer, if you will. We like having early-stage customers because it gives us an opportunity to grow the franchise over the long-term but they tend to be a smaller business, processing fewer transactions and, typically, a lower cash register ring per transaction.
Brad D. Smith: Well, we have seen a really good adoption of GoPayment for our existing QuickBooks customers and they want to have the ability to accept payments when they're out doing a landscaping job or painting someone's house. In terms of the GoPayment customers by standalone, we do have a small percentage and we've been focused on how we can grow that, that are actually not only using GoPayment, but eventually buying QuickBooks online or another product. We'll have to wait to see. It always comes down to if the small business is successful enough that they can move from that weekend merchant to someone who actually ends up hiring employees and becoming more substantial and, therefore, have other problems that we can solve for them with products like QuickBooks and Payroll. So I would tell you right now, it comes down to our ability to give them the solution to the problem they have today, which is accepting a payment. And then as they continue to grow and be successful, we want to be there for them to help them keep their accounting and do their Payroll and other services too, but it's pretty early days.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, so, Kartik, I'll do my best to parse out again what me know and what we don't know. What the IRS share with us is the number of individual returns that has been received by the IRS, not processed, but received, are down about 22% season to date and that information is literally 24 to 36 hours old, so I can't tell you what date that is through. We'll leave it to the IRS to communicate that data when they're ready. In terms of our data, what we do know is that we have seen our traffic up significantly. In the early part of the tax filing season, that traffic didn't necessarily turn into processing because people were waiting until the IRS was ready or they were collecting more information, but as of January 30, that traffic has started to convert into processing and we've been up 29% for the first 2 weeks of February. And so I would tell you that the IRS number is the number of individual returns received and ours are actually the number of people who have come, started using the product, all the way to the point of completion and have filed with the IRS.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Sorry for the confusion. This was a complicated tax season. We're trying to share as much as we have.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, thanks, Jim. Let me start great W-2s first because we have heard some questions in the marketplace and as you know, we're in the Payroll business, we pay 1 in 12 Americans. And actually our W-2 processing this year was not only on time, we were about 10 to 14 days ahead of schedule. So we have not seen any impact in terms of W-2 that's related to things like Affordable Healthcare or anything else. In terms of 1099s, there is a natural evolution that's been happening in the market for the last half dozen years. As people have 401(k) plans and investments they get their documents spread further and further into the season. So where the W-2 has to come on a certain date, they're getting their 1099s later and I think that just continues to push the tax season closer and closer to April 15. We are seeing that trend continue this year but I don't think it's happening at an inordinate rate faster than it was in the last couple of years.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, each year, a tax season is competitive and it comes down to who's got the best product, who's got the clearest marketing message and who's got the best execution plan and we still have a lot of game left to be played, but I like where our team is standing right now half way through the season. In terms of retail, we've got the same players. We have Intuit's TurboTax, we have H&R Block and we have TaxACT. And so far, we've picked up a couple of hundred basis points in retail. So in terms of pricing or promotion or discounting, I don't think it's any more or less aggressive than it has been in the past. I just think the execution is a little tighter this year.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, thanks, Yun, I could tell you that it is early and it's hard for us to parse it out. So far we do look at the sources of new customers and we do like the fact we're getting customers from tax stores and from someone what we would consider to be a low-end pro. And, at the same time, that can shift even further as we move closer to April 15. So at this point in time, I don't have any data we can share other than the early indications are positive and we think this program is working.
Brad D. Smith: In terms of the tax competition, are there any surprises? No, we have really good competitors out there. I think everyone has got their A game and they're out there in the marketplace competing effectively. So there really hasn't been any big surprise in terms of new product launches, marketing campaigns or pricing strategies. I think everyone is just out doing their best in executing and trying to navigate through the complexity of a late season. In terms of QuickBooks Online, I really appreciate you calling that out. I think our team has really done an excellent job. The QuickBooks Online team has optimized its funnel, so that they are doing a better job of improving the first use experience and turning those customers into active users. The second thing we did is removed the credit card required. So we actually addressed the -- what was a stumbling block in terms of the first use experience. The third thing they've done is they've introduced QuickBooks Online for the iPad and that have gotten very early results. That certainly hasn't had enough time in the market to have a big impact on Q2 but we love what we're seeing in the last couple of weeks, and I think it will have an impact going forward. And the last is the point that you called out, which is QuickBooks Online, the Global edition. We are seeing good customer attraction and active use outside the U.S. and I think all of those add up to a very promising outlook for QuickBooks Online. As we move more to mobile devices, we improve the first use experience in the funnel and we began to look at Global. And I think you'll continue to see that sort of growth as we look ahead.
Brad D. Smith: We've got a couple of questions in there. So I'll try to take them one at the time. I appreciate your skepticism around the IRS number. I can only share with you what we know. Our sources come from the fact that the IRS is doing its best to communicate with the industry so we all collectively know how we can help taxpayers through this period of confusion. So it is an important piece of information that came directly from the IRS and it's been shared with us as an industry. In terms of the movement towards digital, I can't tell you right now; the IRS has not broken down or produced any reports that says how many returns are coming in digitally versus any other method. So I don't have data from the IRS. I do have data from the other sources like comScore, Hitwise, Google that suggest that the digital category seems to be doing pretty well and we also have a Pro business, as you know and we talk with the accountants who use our Pro Tax products. And they are telling us that they're seeing a delay in their the tax -- their people coming into them as well. So I think the digital category is holding its own but I don't have any data from the IRS to corroborate that. In terms of 2011, and the online being up 6% and then down 7% now, I would tell you that the hypothesis that we have that, that consumer has been so focused on what's happening in Washington that they behave differently this time than they did 2 years ago. We even got that from survey data as we headed into the season. We asked them how many once they found out that there was going to be a delay, had planned to file later. And a surprising number of people actually plan to change their tax filing habit because of that. So that's showing up in the data and I think that's about the only way I can explain why the numbers may be different versus 2 years ago. The last piece was competition and you named a couple of competitors in the discount rates. I would honestly tell you, Michael, we don't see a big difference in the aggressiveness. I'm sure they have certain promotions out there but in terms of market share data, the data that I share with you comes from the sources that I referenced, comScore, as well as some of the others and we like the traffic coming to our sites and the data suggest that we're actually holding share and some data actually suggest we're maybe up about 0.5 and that feels good when you've got a 3x lead over the second closest competitor in terms of market share. And so I can't tell you whether they're picking up from somebody else. But I do know this, they're not taking from us.
Brad D. Smith: So I'll take the first part. We are targeting the 40 million people who have a very simple return, at least from a tax perspective, they don't always view it as simple. But they're being charged an extra $100 to go to a tax store and they're, also, willingness to use software has been indicated if they had someone who can answer a question for them. So we think that's a prime target. It's still early days. The early results suggest we are getting customers from these sources, but we will have to wait and see how the full season plays out, but so far we like what we're seeing.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, I would tell you we don't have head-to-head win rates because we're dealing with the long tail of small businesses. I can say it's not a zero-sum game. But today just over half of small businesses accept a credit card. And so through the efforts of that competitor, eBay, ourselves and lots of other people in this space, there are lots of opportunities for people to begin to change their behavior as the Small Business merchants start to accept credit cards and electronic payments. So right now, everyone is benefiting from that and all of us are growing very strong results. It's also hard for me to tell you because Square is a private company so they don't have public results, and so I can't tell you why their results add up to. I do know that they're out there and doing a nice job of growing the category and we're certainly benefiting from that as we grow our payments business 18% again this quarter.
Brad D. Smith: David, the team has done a lot of work to understand how they can use the data that we have inside the product and how to simplify and customize the experience so it's a very personal to you. So we've done things this year to help military filers have a product that's unique to them that has very special circumstances if you've been deployed overseas and it's a much more customized experience for someone serving in the military. We've made changes to our mobile versions of our product for the digital natives. So now over 80% of people with simple returns can file and complete on a smartphone. We're also looking at how to continue to pursue further. So if you're a teacher and you have special things like school supplies, we can prompt you on the deductions that other teachers have taken, and you don't miss any of the money that's rightfully yours and those are the things that the team continues to make the product simpler but, more importantly, more personalized to the individual tax filer.
Brad D. Smith: I'll go back to the response earlier. It's still very early days on the Affordable Care Act. And we're out there today educating tax filers through our products on the kinds of decisions they may want to start making so that when it rolls around in 2014, they'll be better prepared. We have a team of experts in our Healthcare business whose whole job is to make the Healthcare system simple for an average consumer to understand, working very closely with our tax teams so that we come out with the right solutions next year. And our whole job is to make complex things simple. That's the business we've been in for 30 years and so there's no question there's complexity, but as we've been able to take the tax code and turn it into a very simple process, which now has more people filing with TurboTax than any other alternative method, we plan to be able to help customers make these decisions around the Affordable Care as it impacts their taxes as well. So we see it as an opportunity and we actually think that we'll be fully prepared to address that opportunity and help the consumers next year when they need to have the answers.
Brad D. Smith: I want to thank everybody. We realize this is a complicated quarter. There's a lot of moving parts. We're sharing data with you in real time. And I appreciate the thoughtful questions to help us clarify some of what we're seeing what we're trying to communicate? I will tell you, we like our game plan. We know that the start to the race was delayed but the finish line has not moved. It's still April 15. And we're looking forward to speaking to you again once some of the dust has settled and the results are up on the scoreboard and until then, I hope you all have a good weekend and we'll talk with you next time.
R. Neil Williams: Adam, the only thing I can offer is that we're certainly not increasing our prices, and we haven't seen a lot of that across the industry and we're not projecting anything significant in terms of mix benefit. So I think if you applied similar ASP to last year and what we're seeing move, you could kind of back-end on the number of units, that would be as good an estimate as we could provide.
R. Neil Williams: Brent, I don't recall ever saying 35% was necessarily our goal or our target. What we've said is that we hope to add at least 50 to 100 basis points of margin expansion each year as we grow our revenue faster than our expenses. That may not always be the case, but I'll tell you, at this point in the cycle, we still think there's plenty of opportunity. The shift Connected Services brings us higher gross margins. There's lots of opportunity as we consolidate some of our hosting and some of the technology costs we have. So our plan going forward will be to continue to provide a level of margin expansion, always though, in service to expanding the top line and expanding customers. So job one is always grow our share in the category, in every category where we're involved. But we think there's opportunity at least for the foreseeable future to continue to grow our revenue faster than our expense base.
R. Neil Williams: Sure. Scott, the level of buybacks each year and each quarter is really the outcome of a number of different factors that we take into consideration. First and foremost our alternative uses for capital, business conditions and things of that nature. Remember, last year, we spent a lot of money acquiring Demandforce and redeeming about half of our long-term debt outstanding. So the plan going into this year was to let our cash position build up a bit from where we ended last year. But I can tell you, we're evaluating that each quarter and as I mentioned, there are things like other business opportunities that may come along that take that into consideration. So we've guided about $100 million worth of share repurchases per quarter and that's -- we're on track to complete that and we'll see how the back half of the year plays out.
R. Neil Williams: First of all, I would tell you that we're really happy with the margin expansion in Small Business. Clearly, Demandforce has had an impact on that but if you strip that out of Small Business and at the total company, the margin expansion looks really good. In terms of the tax business, I think the revenue shift has so much of an impact on the year-to-date results. You can't really -- I wouldn't read into anything. I wouldn't focus on that. I would just remind you about a reiteration of full year guidance that kind of tell you, tell you what we're looking out there. In the payments business, as Brad mentioned about our GoPayment customers and the average revenue per customer there is not the same as with our traditional QuickBooks attached customer. But again, there are some things in that business where we're still trying some different marketing techniques and some different ways to onboard new customers. And I think the impact you're seeing for the first 6 months is probably not indicative of the full year.
R. Neil Williams: As far as the margin, I would just say that we saw some compression last season but it was driven primarily by our debit card products and the way we manage that product that's why we made a pretty significant change in between the years how we service that client base who wants a debit card for their refund. While we talked about the efficiency and effectiveness of our live tax advice last season, we've looked at the effectiveness both of marketing and of live tax assistance. So I think we plan for some profit improvement this year in the tax category. But I would tell you that probably the biggest driver of that was the restructure of the debit card program with live tax assistance and the marketing being a secondary source of improvement.
