Sasan Goodarzi: Great. Thank you, Michelle. As you all heard from Michelle and I, we're seeing continued momentum as a result of our strategy of being a global AI-driven expert platform, growing Intuit double digits with margin expansion. With our accelerated organic innovation and the addition of Credit Karma and Mailchimp, we are the leading global financial technology platform that powers prosperity for people and communities. And with that, let me turn it over to your questions.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Thanks for your question, Siti. So a couple of things. One, as you heard from Michelle, we took the current sort of trends that we were seeing in sort of end of October into November into account. But we also very intentionally included further conservatism, deterioration just to be prudent. And so when we look at things around delinquency rates and unemployment, which is really what financial institutions look at to make future decisions, although they are at historical lows, the assumption is that they're going to deteriorate. And so we just assumed that they will significantly deteriorate, and we wanted to include that in our go-forward guidance. We take a lot of pride in the commitments that we make at the Company level, and we want to make sure that we're very prudent in terms of the assumptions that we made with the guidance going forward. With that said, I think what I would amplify is our innovation that we talked about at Investor Day. Beyond things like Karma Guarantee, we are actually -- we have launched, it's almost at full scale, something called the Marketplace, where we're giving more exposure to personalize experiences around cards and personal loans to our members. And now with the integration of Mint and Credit Karma, which was part of our refreshed Big Bet three vision that we talked about at Investor Day, we expect in the future to have additional sort of capabilities and innovations for our prime customers, which has not been our sweet spot in -- on the Credit Karma platform. So we are leaning into our innovation and those possibilities. We are not counting on any of that impacting the growth rate that you just heard from Michelle and I for the fiscal year, and we just simply believe that's the right thing to do.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure. Absolutely. First of all, I would start by saying we have a lot of visibility into things around consumer spending, which is charge volume. We see the number of employees, whether they're going up and down. We see a number of hours worked. We see cash reserves. And of course, there's our metrics around acquisition, retention, payments and payroll volume and also what we see across Mailchimp. And what we're seeing across the board is a continued flight to digitization. If you use our payments capability, you get paid faster, and cash flow is more critical in this environment. If you use our payroll capabilities, you're actually able to reduce errors and pay your employees and have money moved from your bank account to their bank account same day versus two weeks in advance. With the use of innovation that you've heard from us on Mailchimp, we're actually starting to see customer growth tick up. And so those are just illustrative examples are -- we're just continuing to see based on our innovation a flight to digitization, which is the strength that you heard from us in the first quarter. And we expect that momentum to continue the rest of the year. And we remain steadfast on our guidance until we see more quarters, but it is not at all about our sentiment about small business. We actually feel very good about what we're seeing across the board in small business.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sorry, Michelle, go ahead. I was going to ask who the question was for. But Michelle, please go ahead.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. Absolutely. I think the way to think about it is in the long term and from a trajectory perspective, we should see ARPU go up. And now every year, strategically, we make decisions in terms of where we may expand our free offering or where we may increase price based on the leverage that we see in the marketplace, which is primarily in our assisted offerings. And those were some of the adjustments that we made last year. And as we look into this year, we actually feel very good about our do-it-yourself platform lineup. And really, our biggest leverage is going to come from accelerating what we're seeing across the TurboTax Live platform, which is really where the growth is coming from. It's really where the ARPU comes from, and it's where our biggest opportunity is with a $20 billion TAM in front of us. And of course, overtime, opening up an additional $10 billion TAM with business taxes. So that was really the intent and the logic behind why ARPU was probably a little bit slower growth last year versus prior years. And I think the way to think about it is we're going to continue to see ARPU growth into the future, and a lot of it will come from the assisted segment. And that's really part of our plan that we're executing against this coming year.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Absolutely. Great question. This was actually at Investor Day one of our, what we call Horizon 3 ideas that we have invested in, which is around externalizing services. So first and foremost, we do see a big problem space out there where developers and partners and firms look to access and have a need for things like around our virtual expert platform services to connect people to experts or had to use for our identity services and have a use for our fraud and risk capabilities. So there's a lot of services that we have across our platform that you heard Mariana talk about of which there is a need for those services externally. Now we want to be very choiceful and intentional what we choose to externalize and what we choose not to externalize and what problems we choose to solve and which ones we intentionally choose not to solve. But we do believe it as an opportunity, it's actually something that we funded about a little bit over 15 months ago, and we have a mission-based team that is working on it. And when we have more to share in terms of launches and anything that we think over time will be material for all of you to be aware, we'll be the first to share with you. But we do see it as an exciting Horizon 3 idea that's been funded and are excited about the prospects of it.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Absolutely. First of all, I'll just state that I'm really excited about Rania that we just put into the business and the leadership team that she is building in. It is the result of that leadership team where we are seeing accelerated innovation. And as I mentioned a moment ago, there's been a lot of innovation just in the last sort of three to four months in Mailchimp from an entirely new brand campaign where we communicate the benefit to how you can grow your business to SMBs, both on air and on -- through digital assets. We've redesigned our website. So when you come to us, you're very clear about the benefits that we offer, the choices that you have and why it can help fuel the success of your business to then revamping the first-time use experience, along with what we have just implemented for, I would say, higher-value, larger Mailchimp customers and new customers that we want to pursue, which is a one-hour assisted onboarding to help you get on to the platform to help you understand the benefits of the platform. And in context of what we've shared around international and Mailchimp as sort of the lead internationally, we are right now focused on localizing the language. Where we have localized language versus not, we have more than 13 points conversion variants. And so of course, localized language is one of our largest levers internationally along with having a playbook that we're putting in place around go-to-market to raise awareness. So a lot of those things we have already launched that I mentioned and the localizing languages we're working on as we speak. And a lot of what we -- what I just shared, we're starting to see a real impact from customer uptick, expansion revenue. And we're excited about the possibilities and the momentum that the leadership team is building.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure, Kirk. And let me try to be descriptive about it, so I'm not overly generic. I think our customers that we serve, the small businesses between zero to 100 employees don't as much think about back office, front office. They just really look to have a platform to be able to grow their business and to be able to manage their cash flow. So if you think about our QuickBooks platform, let me start there, and I'll get to a jump in a moment. Really, QuickBooks helps you manage your cash flow, all your money coming in and money going out. And the notion of digitization is really important for customers, which is why we're enjoying the growth that we just shared. And that really comes down to customers can use QuickBooks to be organized. They can get paid much faster with using our payments capabilities. They can get access to capital. They can have instant money flow from their bank to their employees' banks by using our payroll. If they're out in the field, they can use our time tracking so everything is automated. All those things are about digitization. And the way small businesses think about it is it actually helps them with their cash flow because we also -- with all those capabilities, project your cash flow. So that's the real big value sort of QuickBooks. And then you add to that Mailchimp. The real value of Mailchimp is don't think about it as these are not enterprise customers. These are smaller, small businesses that where their sort of lifeline comes from being able to reach out and manage their existing customers but also effectively be able to grow their customer base. And so the reason we're continuing to see an uptick based on our innovation and based on just good execution. And I think the best is yet ahead of us in Mailchimp is that is separate and distinct from do I spend more money on advertising dollars. When you use Mailchimp, you have the ability to use our tools with a subscription that you pay on a monthly basis to be able to in an automated way, reach out to your customers, market to new customers. And we're seeing sort of equal demand -- if I go back to your frame of front office versus back office, I think where there is slower spend and declining is spending money on advertising dollars. That is not what -- Mailchimp is not impacted by advertising dollars. It's actually a -- it's a platform that you use to be able to manage your customers even if you choose to spend less advertising dollars. You can still use Mailchimp very effectively to be able to manage your customers. So that's why the demand is strong with Mailchimp and QuickBooks, and that's really what we see across the platform.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Keith, thank you for your question. And I just want to acknowledge that you and others were pushing us on our Credit Karma side at Investor Day. And let me just start at the top level to share sort of what we've learned and what we've adjusted, and then I'll answer your question. When we look across tax, which is 35% of the Company; and then when you look at across small business, which is over 50% of the Company, so that's like 86% of the Company, we have sort of -- which includes Mailchimp, we have proven and tried KPIs that allows us to see things well into sort of the future not only to ensure that we're investing in all the right things, but also be able to be very intentional and thoughtful about how we guide because we take our guidance very seriously. One of the things that we learned with Credit Karma is there are two factors that we look at but we did not take into account: one is unemployment, the other is delinquency rates. And what I mean by that, not taking it into account as we view it, we look at it, and they're at historical lows. And the one thing that we learned from this process, what we are adjusting and have adjusted our KPIs is just looking at where they are today, but also projecting where they could be a year from now and ultimately projecting what could happen if we were sitting in the shoes of some of the partners that are on our platform. So that is a very important shift, which actually gets at the point you made around our Credit Karma guidance. We feel that it is absolutely derisked. We -- as you heard from Michelle and I, we have built a deterioration and conservatism in the back half of the year because we have taken into account uptick in both unemployment and delinquency rates, and therefore, have put out a guidance that we believe is the risk. To go to the second part of your question, tax, which is 35% of the Company, that is really economically resilient. So let me focus my answer on Small Business. Because of our KPIs and the rich data that we have access to and what we see within Small Business, we actually feel like our guidance in Small Business is derisked because we make certain assumptions around how things will potentially play out the remainder of the year that we took into account when we set the initial guidance, and we still feel very good about the guidance. And you can see based on what we delivered in Q1, we can just do the math and see what it means for the rest of the year. So we feel very good about the way we set guidance in those two businesses. We feel very good about the guidance in those areas for the rest of the year. And hopefully, my explanation made sense around Credit Karma.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Thanks for the question, Kash. Just in terms of your question around assumptions, I think on Credit Karma, hopefully, what I just shared a moment ago resonated in that. We are assuming sort of further deterioration and conservatism in the back half of the year or the remainder of the year, I should say. Despite a lot of innovation that is still coming to market because we're just -- we're making assumptions around unemployment going up, delinquency rates getting worse, which means that financial institutions, although we're one of the last platforms they pull off of that they will be conservative in terms of their investment levels. So those are the assumptions that we've made for the remainder of the fiscal year for Credit Karma. And for Small Business, a lot of the strength that we're continuing to see is just -- it's a shift to digitization from folks that are already on our platform. So we have a lot of customers that are on our platform. If you remember, we used the figure of -- there's $2 trillion of invoices being managed on our platform, and we have over $100 million that is part of our -- well over $100 million as part of our payments charge volume, which means we have a huge opportunity to penetrate that within our existing base. And I use that just as an illustrative example, Kash. To answer your question, we're not making any assumptions around payments uptick because the macro environment will get better in the second half of the year. We're actually assuming that a lot of the growth that we are seeing is just continuing shift to digitization from those that are on our platform. And so we make customer acquisition assumptions. We make attrition assumptions. We'll look at assumptions around payments and payroll that are really in context of how we feel about the environment going forward. Although we're not seeing it within our SMB segment, we are assuming a level of conservatism as we think about the remainder of the year. And those are the assumptions that we've made for both Small Business and Credit Karma. And tax, again, tax is economically resilient. We pretty much make assumptions based on our penetration in the assisted segment. And that's really -- that and the total number of IRS returns is where our assumptions come from. And again, those are -- that's economically resilient. So that's how we think about the guide going forward as we just reiterated. In terms of payments, listen, payments is one of the areas that we're the most excited about. If I had to pick a couple of areas, it's Mailchimp, it's payments and it's what we're doing to go upmarket and with QuickBooks Advanced and mid-market. And with payments, we spent four or five years building out all of our fraud and risk capabilities, all of our AI capabilities, and we're just innovating very fast with that team. And a lot of the future around what we can do to digitize B2B around what's possible with bill pay, that -- those are yet to come and not even in our forecast going forward because we just believe that there's so much room for penetration attached going forward. So hopefully, our say and payments has been to your liking, but we think our best is yet ahead of us.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure, Scott. First of all, it is -- as you said, it's a large part of the overall Credit Karma platform. With that said, I'll start with context that when you look at the 129 million customers or members that we serve on Credit Karma, the majority of our focus has been sub-prime and near-prime customers. And that's really a lot of our personalized experiences are for those cohorts. And one of the things that we're very excited about that we have shared at Investor Day is we're also building out capabilities and innovation for prime customers. And that's why we shifted Mint over, and we're combining the Mint and Credit Karma platform. So that context is important because as you hear my answer, just hear it from the lens of the majority of where our business comes from is sub-prime and near-prime. In the future, we'll also have capabilities, innovation and ultimately, revenue that will come up front and prime as well, which positions us really well in the marketplace. And with all of that said, in essence, yes, we're continuing to see growth in credit cards, but we're actually assuming that, that will really deteriorate the rest of the year based on unemployment going up and delinquency rates going up. And as you heard from both Michelle and I, we have built conservatism into the remainder of the year. And so there's -- which will ultimately result in declining growth rate. But what we saw in Q1 and the growth rate of the 2%, a lot of the headwinds in other verticals was offset by credit cards. But we have assumed that, that will get worse over time.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure. I'm actually glad you asked about our second quarter guide of 8% to 9%. First of all, our momentum in Small Business continues into Q2. There are two elements that drive our guide of 8% to 9% revenue growth in second quarter. One is we always make assumptions for tax. As you know, tax is tricky between second quarter and third quarter. And we make assumptions around when the IRS will open, forms availability, and those assumptions drive what we assume will happen in our tax business. And in some cases, we have elements of our tax business that actually we've assumed may decline in the second quarter. So that drives our guidance overall at the Company level for Q2. And then Q2 generally has been seasonally the weakest quarter for Credit Karma because of the month of November, December and January and then just the number of holidays. It's seasonally the weakest quarter. So when you combine our assumptions with tax and you combine our assumptions with Credit Karma, that's where you get Q2 where it is. And hopefully, that answers your question.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure. Absolutely. The majority of our guide for the year and what we also saw in Q1 actually came from customer growth and mix, and mix includes things like QuickBooks Advanced. And you saw from our online services growth of 28%, we're seeing really sort of good growth from Payroll, Payments, Time Tracking. And that, of course, excludes Mailchimp, and we talk about Mailchimp separately. So I think the short answer to your question is we are seeing the type of balance that we would want, which is our growth coming from customer growth and mix and price will play an element -- a smaller element, but it plays an important element as we look at not only what we saw in Q1, but what we expect for the remainder of the year.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Yes. Absolutely. I mean if you go back to when we closed the deal almost a year ago, one of the things that we were very clear about, in addition to our excitement around the asset and the fact that now combined with QuickBooks, we can have one growth platform that can be the source of truth for -- and the source of growth for a small business, one of the things that we reiterated was that this was really a business that was run for profitability and it was run for cash flow. And even particularly in COVID times, where you saw a lot of front-office company accelerates, Mailchimp really didn't because, again, it was more run for cash flow and profitability. And so we worked very hard in the last year to put a playbook in place in context of the priorities that we've shared to accelerate growth. And those priorities, they always take time to shift the business from being run for profitability and cash flow to be run for a growth business typically takes a couple of years. And we're actually starting to see a trajectory change within the first year. And we're quite demanding of ourselves in terms of the velocity that we would like to see. So really, what's happened there last year is we were taking a business that was, again, run for profitability, cash flow to revamping the website coming up with a new campaign, revamping the product. And when I say revamp, it's not done. We've not reached the destination. It's just the beginning of what's possible to really focus on high-value customers to position ourselves to go after mid-market to start ramping up what we can do internationally. All of these things, we're starting to now see indicators where in the quarter, although it was sequentially flat from a revenue perspective, we're seeing conversion from free to pay is up. We're seeing customer growth tick up. We're actually seeing expansion revenue, which means our customers are growing and they're upgrading what SKU they use. We're starting to see these, and these things really become future indicators of growth. And that's why the comment that I made earlier and Michelle made earlier around, we expect that the growth in Mailchimp to accelerate in the coming quarters because we're seeing the KPIs around customer growth, expansion retention, these things are starting to improve. So hopefully, that helps to answer your question.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. We have taken -- thank you for the question. We have taken sort of a firewall approach here. One is we're very excited about the innovations that we talked about at Investor Day. And in fact, the only thing that's changed is we've added a few more innovations that we've launched within Credit Karma. The Marketplace that I shared earlier is one of them, where -- and it's almost at full scale where our customers see an additional tablet, a marketplace of all the products that are right for them in one place that brings more visibility and brings to the forefront products that are right for a specific cohort of customers. So in terms of the integration with TurboTax, you're going to see a far more robust experience this year with Credit Karma being integrated into TurboTax and vice versa. Credit Karma Guarantee continues to be on track in terms of a rollout to customer -- to members and financial institutions. All the innovations that we talked about, plus a few more are all on track, and we're equally as excited about the impact that it will have. And very consistent with what we shared at Investor Day, what we talked about then was that these innovations were not reliant on a macro pickup. They're just -- they're going to deliver more benefits, and therefore, more monetization. Back to the word firewall, we're not counting on those innovations in our results when we think about the rest of the year. We're assuming current trends. We're assuming further conservatism for the remainder of the year. We're making assumptions around unemployment going up, delinquency rates going up. And so therefore, that's informed our guide of minus 15% to minus 10%. And that's sort of separate and distinct from the innovation that we continue to be excited and focused on and are on track for the rollout.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. Let me answer your question. I'm not sure what you mean by rightsize where -- is this -- we are very focused on investing in male and accelerating the growth combined with the QuickBooks platform. And I would say a couple of big things that we have put in place and are continuing to implement. One is really strengthening the leadership team at all levels. We're very excited about leaders that we -- had joined the Mailchimp family and with Radia's addition to the Mailchimp team with additional changes that we are making to continue to strengthen the team, very excited about the impact there because that's having a direct impact on innovation, which is the second point I want to make. I really like the velocity, particularly what I've seen in the last 90 days. And I actually hope to see Mailchimp being one of the highest-velocity innovative teams across the Company with the team that we have in place. And I think everything that I mentioned earlier that we have launched is a result of the impact of that team. And lastly, it's about impact. And we're starting to see the key performance indicators that I mentioned earlier uptick in the right direction, which means that almost a year in, it's not been quite a year, but almost a year in, I feel very good about sort of year two because we've put a lot of foundational things in place in year one. We have a lot of work still ahead of us. But a lot of the work is about turning this into a sort of a strong growth business and fueling the success of small businesses, and I feel like we are on that trajectory given what I've seen, particularly in the last 90 to 100 days.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, absolutely. Let me start with your macro question and QuickBooks Capital. We have built incredible machine learning capabilities, where we literally can control the dial of which customers' capacity for customers on a daily basis. And QuickBooks Capital is very important for our customers, and it is not a material sort of revenue driver for the Company is, however, essential as part of our overall platform. So I think that what I would say is we're very good and has been very good. I think it's been proven, especially during the COVID times, to be able to adjust the doubt so that we offer capital only to those that we can see can pay it back. And remember, the loans that we typically give could be from 30 days to six months. And there's a ceiling for all of these loans. So we feel very good about the macro environment impact and how we manage our QuickBooks Capital within that context, and I think we've proven that during COVID. The second element of your question, I would love to sort of parse it out in two ways. One is even in the U.S., there are sectors within small business. Remember, we're very diversified in the small businesses that we serve. But there are segments within small businesses that have gotten hit hard, those that focus on auto sales, those that focus on financial services, those that focus on real estate. Some of their revenues are down 10% to 15%, but you don't really see that in our results because we're very, very diversified. We're not -- no one sector can really impact our overall results. So that's in context of the globe, but it's also in context of the U.S. Not every sector is created equal. Some sectors are hit hard, the ones that I just mentioned. I would say U.S. has been the strongest followed by Canada, and the ones that have been hit the hardest has been U.K., Australia and France. And again, our -- we're not -- we've not assumed any of this in our guidance, but our hope is those will, over time, begin to bounce back. We've not seen the bounce back yet, but they've been hit harder than the U.S.
Sasan Goodarzi: You're very welcome. And I think that was the last question. And so maybe I can bring us to close by saying thank you for all of your wonderful questions. And be safe, and we look forward to seeing all of you for our second quarter earnings results. Until then, be safe. Thank you, everybody. Bye-bye.
