Sasan Goodarzi: Great. Thank you. And wrapping up, we are confident in our AI-driven expert platform strategy and progress with our five Big Bets, the investments that we are making in GenAI and our leadership team driving our platform innovation. The combination of our assets and our strategy creates a growth flywheel for Intuit to accelerate penetrating our $300 billion in TAM. In today's uncertain macro-environment, the benefits of our global financial technology platform are more important and mission-critical than ever to our customers. I look forward to your attendance at our Intuit Innovation Day on September 6th, and Investor Day on September 28th. With that, let's open it up to your questions.
Sasan Goodarzi: Hey, Keith, thank you for your question. Let me give you the headline, but allow me to unpack it. I think the headline is we are just simply being prudent. Our focus on future growth and our bullishness does not change at all. Let me unpack that. First and foremost, when you look at the assisted segment, there is a $30 billion TAM, and $20 billion of it is consumer-assisted segment and $10 billion of it is business segment. And the second is the secular shift towards digitization will continue and only accelerate in the years to come. And with that as context, we probably saw some of our biggest green shoots this year, which is why we are probably more bullish about what's possible in this business than we were even three to four years ago, and I would put it in two buckets, Credit Karma and then the assisted segment. In Credit Karma, just as a reminder, our vision from the moment that we bought Credit Karma was to create one consumer platform where a consumer can manage their financial lives, manage their money, and get their taxes done in one place. After several years of just rapid experimentation, we had a massive breakthrough this past year where our customer growth within the Credit Karma platform versus a number of Credit Karma members who became TurboTax customers was up 5x and we are scaling that both on the product side and on the business model side as that gives us a lot of confidence going into next year and beyond. The second is going to be assisted segment and that's in three parts. First and foremost is we actually had product market fit this past year at full service, our biggest focus was how do we scale. We had some breakthroughs in how to scale. In fact, as you heard from Sandeep, we had our best product recommendations score of any product across the company and we are significantly leaning into that in the coming year. The second is business tax. We launched and learned to get the product market fit in business tax. That is not going to be available, both across our QuickBooks Live platform and directly going to market with TurboTax and we have hundreds of thousands, if not millions of people, will come to TurboTax looking for business tax. We've never had an offering. We will next year and we are scaling it. The last thing, I would say in the assisted segment, one of the biggest things that we've learned in the last year is local matters. What that means, people will go on Google, and they will search, if I'm in San Diego is there a pro close to me, while we've never been good been found and local and in fact, when you look at the experts that we have, we are 10 miles from every home in household in the United States and so we're going big on local this year. And so when I look at our green shoots in the assisted segment and in Credit Karma, it gives us a lot of confidence as we look at this coming year and the future and I'll end with where I started, was the essence of your question about our guidance, we're simply being prudent given the year that we just had.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, Siti, thank you for your question. Let me take it in two parts. First and foremost, you've heard us in the past year plus talk about digitizing B2B with respect to all of the manual work that gets done today in terms of 80% of the back and forth between small businesses is all sort of paper checks and manual. And our goal has been to digitize all of that. And one last element of what we needed to do was to launch bill pay. I think the headline I would just give is -- the feedback we've been getting has even gone better than what we thought, and we're now at a place where we are 10x-ing our beta, and we hope to have it available to all of our customers soon. So we feel very good about what we are seeing in Bill Pay and how fast we're able to build it based on the platform capabilities that we have and the feedback that we've gotten from customers. I think back to your second question, you're right. And in fact, the vision I would take you back to is that we have set out to be the source of truth for a business and to truly be the center of small business growth. And in order to do that, we have to have capabilities that not only help a small business grow their customers, retain their customers, market to their customers, but to be able to manage their cash flow and be able to manage their employees. We now have all of those capabilities end-to-end. And I think particularly, what's important, that advantages us to deliver for our customers is the data and our AI investments that we've made in the last five-plus years. And I think I would just encourage you to attend -- and if you can attend when it's on real time, watch the replay of our September 6 Intuit Innovation Day. And you will see how with our data, AI and GenAI capabilities we help customers manage their cash flow and really digitize all of money movement in a way that's so intuitive, so easy and delivered at a moment of truth. So we're quite excited about what's possible as we look at this coming year, about the years ahead. And let me, by the way, be very explicit that none of our potential innovation that you're going to experience in September 6 around GenAI is included in our guidance. But we believe it is fundamentally revolutionary as we think about the world we're going to create in the future.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. Great question. Well, first of all, I'll just take you back to what you already know, but I think it's important that we start there. This past year, IRS returns, we continue to estimate we'll be down a couple of points. The do-it-yourself category will be down nearly 1 point. And the driver of that, which we are now certain of, based on all the working analysis that we've done, is we had a number of folks that came in to get their stimulus dollars and tax credits, and so it was pandemic driven. And so that created just what you heard from Sandeep, a sort of a very unusual tax season. But then when you step back and look at the last four-year trend, it sort of straightened out. And so what we mean by prudent is really a couple of things. One, we're not assuming IRS growth in our numbers this year, and we're not banking on all of the innovation that I just shared paying off this coming year. And that's just part of us being prudent because we want to demonstrate to all of you that this is a business that grows 8% to 12%. And by doing so, we must deliver the results. And so it's just being very intentional and very prudent. As we think about, by the way, our guidance holistically, it's not just TurboTax, it's TurboTax, it's Credit Karma and the way we thought about Small Business. But those are -- that's the sort of the definition of what we mean by prudent.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Thank you for your questions. Let me start us off and Sandeep, please jump in if you want to add anything. First of all, we have a framework at the company level where we want to drive the majority of our growth from volume and mix and the lesser part from price, but we always focus on pricing for value. And so when we look at our growth drivers this year, it is coming from customer growth, and it is coming from mix and to a lesser extent this year compared to last year, by the way, from price. With that as context, I would just remind you that the big picture, when you look at our opportunity this coming year, but even in the next three to five years plus, we now have a platform and a portfolio of services where we have the opportunity to drive further adoption of our services from Mailchimp to payments, to payroll to time tracking and to a lot of our new innovations around Bill Pay and digitizing B2B that I just mentioned. But also, although we are three to four years in, we're just at the beginning of what's possible in the midmarket. Big market is a significant ARPC opportunity because these customers use a lot of the capabilities that I just mentioned, except they pay a lot more. And we're just at the beginning of the flywheel of penetrating mid-market. So when you look at the portfolio of the services that we have, the strength of the experience that we're delivering because of data and AI and because of mid-market, it allows us to drive most of our growth from customer growth and mix. And none of that, by the way, takes into account what's possible as we look into the future with our generative AI experiences that you'll be able to observe on September 6. But those are the main drivers.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, sure. Thank you for your question. And you're loud and clear, my friend. So let me start with Small Business. And generally, I would just lead with they continue to be healthy, but they're challenged in this environment. The specifics that I would share is the cash flow -- cash reserves of Small Businesses is 90% of what it was this time last year. However, it is still stronger than pre-pandemic. The -- in terms of looking for labor and finding employees to drive their growth, that's still quite strong. And in fact, in this environment, Small Businesses are able to do a better job finding what they need versus when the market was hot, which is good for them because then they can deliver for their customers and drive growth. And the last thing I would just say is there are certain sectors that are very weak, transportation, real estate, advertising, is very weak within small businesses. So that's the aggregate picture. I'll end with what where I started, struggling, but still healthy compared to pre-pandemic. On the consumer side, let me hit on sort of two different points. I'll quickly hit on Credit Karma. As you know, Sandeep mentioned, what we're seeing is stability and our innovation that we've been focused on is really getting hold, and there's some exciting things that we're working on in Credit Karma that we'll share both on September 6 and at Investor Day, one where we redesigned the entire app. And we have begun to roll it out to a small cohort of customers and will eventually scale it. And we're actually seeing very good engagement with the redesigned app. And then that, coupled with our GenAI experiences, along with all of our innovation with Lightbox and Credit Karma Money gives us a lot of excitement around the future, none of which, by the way, is in our guidance. But the headline is stability in Credit Karma and lots of innovation that is helping us with where we are and coming. If I just focus on the consumer, a couple of things I would say. If you look back to last March of 2022, credit scores are, on average, down 13 points. Credit balances are up about 30%. And the credit band of like [600 to 660] (ph) have the largest balances. They're carrying about $10,000 on average. And the Gen Z balances have gone up the most, are up 45% year-over-year. So job market is still good. People still have jobs, but there's certainly some level of strain on the consumer.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, Brad, thank you for your question. The short answer is no. We're very bullish on the business. And in fact, a couple of things that I would share with you, which we can talk more about at Investor Day, but just not to leave you hanging, the monetization model in Credit Karma is how many members you have, how frequently they engage. And there's a model for -- every time a customer engages, there is a average revenue per customer that we benefit from. And in fact, this past year, in '23, when our results were down year-over-year, our frequency of engagement is actually higher than the prior two years where we had 37% growth and 58% growth. Now why is that? It's because of all of our innovation. It's because the customer is engaging but in many areas, credit is still tight. So when credit begins to open up, and that's the stability that we're seeing now, we view this business will accelerate back to the 20% to 25% growth rate. Plus I'll remind you that, that plus the integration with TurboTax drives actually more stickiness, more monetization and truly created this one consumer platform, which was our vision from day one when we acquired Credit Karma. And with all of the data and AI capabilities that we have in our accelerated GenAI experiences, as I said earlier, you're going to see on September 6, some of the new innovations that are coming that will make it easier for customers to find what they need, the benefits that they need to engage in the financial products that they want and manage their money. And so all of that leads to our view is completely unchanged relative to the long-term expectations of 20% to 25% growth in Credit Karma.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Great question. Let me give you an answer that I think you'll find somewhat helpful and somewhat vague intentionally. We learned a lot this year. We came into the year with a full service offering that has product markets, that as you know, it's all AI-driven. And we can virtually get things done within an hour or same day. We learned a lot around health and scaling and how to have customers find our full-service offering. And a lot of it also has to do with what I mentioned earlier, which is local marketing. If I'm in San Diego, if I'm in Kansas City, even if I see that TurboTax can provide experts, I go to start to see locally if there's somebody there. Well, all of our experts that we have are within 10 miles of many of the households in the United States, but we've never marketed that way. And so that's going to inform our marketing going forward. So there's a lot that we learned in terms of how to evolve our marketing, so it becomes an and, and not an either/or, and we're excited about it.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, Kirk, thank you for your question. It's really -- to answer your question, it's really threefold. First and foremost, as you know, we made this acquisition ultimately to create one growth platform, so we can help a small business in one place, be able to grow their business and manage their cash flow and manage their workforce all in one place. And really the key to all of this has been data, AI and now our accelerated investments in GenAI. And so first and foremost is we want to make significant progress in this area, and you'll actually see some of this on both September 6, our Intuit Innovation Day and at Investor Day. That's number one. The second is, as I mentioned earlier, we had the largest release in June that we've ever had in Mailchimp's history. We had 150 new and updated features that we released on top of the multiple GenAI-driven announcements that we had made a couple of weeks prior to that. So our second focus is adoption, getting our customers to adopt these benefits because not only will it help fuel their success, but it will help us with monetization, particularly in the mid-market, which is where our focus is very similar to the focus that we've had with QuickBooks' mid-market. And then third is international. Mailchimp is the lead horse internationally. And we've done a lot to localize the product. I mentioned earlier in the five languages and more is coming. We've also been doing a lot of price studies and price testing because we've had like one class price internationally. That doesn't work. Some countries should be higher, some countries should be lower. And so we've learned a lot in terms of some of our testing and many of that we're going to be scaling this year. So those are -- if I were to just sort of carve out your question, those are the three big areas that we are very focused on in the coming years.
Sasan Goodarzi: Alex, can I take the leadership question and take it more broadly and then let Sandeep jump in and answer specifically your question around the guide. Let me take this opportunity to talk about the leadership changes that we've had in the company. And I'll, of course, include Mariana in that as well. First of all, one of our greatest superpowers as a company is leadership development and succession planning. One of the focus areas that we have as part of our Intuit operating system, which starts at the top with my staff and staff is we spend four times a year, several days at a time, focusing on talent, focusing on succession planning, reviewing development plans and being very intentional about architecting mobility moves. And ultimately, our goal is to be 3D in all of our key roles at multiple levels in the company, which, by the way, is very hard to do. But that is why we are a leadership factory. The second thing I would say is that we are very focused on mobility of senior roles, so the Vice President and above, which is an officer of the company and above, typically within a three- to five-year period, there's a lot of it -- you don't have visibility to, of course, because you only see potential changes that happen in my staff. But we're very intentional about mobility because we believe fresh perspective, fresh thinking is important in our technology areas and our businesses and also training the leaders to be ready for a bigger job is very important. By the way, I'll use myself as an example. Before I stepped into the CEO job 4.5 years ago, I was in TurboTax for three years. I was in QuickBook -- running Small Business for three years when I was the CIO for two years. So that's just an example of mobility. With all of that said, sometimes our mobility is up and to the right and changes within the company. Sometimes we celebrate folks taking on roles outside of the company because that may be the best fit for them. So with that as context, we have a lot of confidence in our leaders, and let me now specifically touch on our three of the leaders just to make it very real. When you look at Mariana, I actually hired Mariana into Small Business when I was there. She was our Chief Product Development Officer and is very familiar with Small Business. When I became the CEO, I moved her into the CEO role, and she's done an unbelievable job fueling innovation across the company. And now she's going back home to where she started running Small Business. And very excited about what she will do to unlock the next year of growth. When you look at Mark in TurboTax, I actually started with Mark in TurboTax a decade ago. and worked with him for three years. We then -- after I left TurboTax a few years later, promoted him to be our Chief Customer Success Officer of the company. And he is the godfather of our live platform that we talk a lot about today. And now he's going back home and running TurboTax. So he's very well versed not only in the business, but our disruptive growth driver of the future, which is live. And then Alex Balazs, just upon our CTO role, I also worked with him in TurboTax. We then move them to a broader Chief Architect and data role, where he's been Mariana's right-hand person, fueling the innovation across the company. We just moved him into the CTO role. The reason I wanted to go through that a bit fairly is for all of you to understand that succession planning and leadership development is our sort of core competency. And I actually believe that we have the strongest team that we've had ever built for the era of AI given their backgrounds and experiences. So with that as context, let me have Sandeep answer the other part of your question, Alex.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Thank you for your question. Yes, it's a big focus area for us going after prime customers. And just for context, it's sort of a third of our monthly active users, and they're the least engaged because really, when you look at the platform, we traditionally focused on subprime and near prime. And we have a lot of the capabilities that we've developed in the past and know these prime customers very well, which is why we have merged our Mint and Credit Karma team and platform to really solve for these prime customers. And so we have been working, I think, for the last almost a year, really understanding their needs, running a number of experiments and are now -- and has been in the midst of launching multiple things that are very geared towards prime customers. And we're actually very excited with the app redesign. There's sort of two big things that we've been working on in Credit Karma beyond what we've been sharing with you. One is really redesigning the whole app to enable customers and certain cohort of customers like Prime to be able to find the benefit that they're looking for because of everything that we know about them proactively. The second is the GenAI experience is that, again, we will unveil more of September 6. And the combination of those two things and what I shared a moment ago around Prime customers gives us a lot of sort of excitement around what's possible to serve these Prime customers going forward, which is something that we've not benefited from a monetization perspective. None of that is included in our guidance, but it's something that we're very excited about.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Thank you for your question. I'll start with taking you back to five years ago when we declared our strategy was to really shift the company from just a tax and accounting platform, which is a very important set of problems to solve for customers to a global financial platform that really played a far more meaningful role in powering the prosperity of consumers and small businesses on a daily basis. When we made that strategic declaration on the five bets that ensued, what we talked about at that time was that data and AI was going to be core to making that shift. And in fact, when we made the acquisition of both Credit Karma and Mailchimp, one huge driver of the acquisition was around the data, because in essence, we will know a lot more about customers, and we could leverage that data for their benefit to fuel their success. So -- and even five years ago declaring this, data and machine learning has been a decade-long focus of Intuit. So when you think about a decade-long investment in data usable data, cleaning the data and making sure that it's structured in a way where it can be used and then our investments in AI, specifically in knowledge engineering, which really takes rules and the relationship between data and turns it in the code is what our advantages in TurboTax, machine learning and natural language processing, those have been -- it's been a decade-long set of investments and the two acquisitions have propelled us forward about 10 years. And then you couple that with what we started several years ago, which is GenAI. And then what we launched in June, which is Generative Operating System, GenOS, which by the way, is not something you can create overnight. This is years of investment. When we couple those kind of investments, data, AI and GenOS, which is really primarily our own Intuit financial large language models that are trained on our customers' proprietary data, it allows us to personalize things, humanize things and do the work for customers in a way that's revolutionary, which ultimately gets to the punch line of we are creating a future that is done for you. Rather than you having to do the work to run your business, rather than you have to do the work to be able to power your prosperity, manage your finances as a consumer, we want to put you in control where it's done for you. You're always in control, you have the taste of whether or not you move forward with a decision. But we want to be able to help you grow your customers and run your business for you and help you manage your cash flow, always put the right choices in front of you. And the same thing goes on the tax side and Credit Karma side. So that's what's so exciting about -- it's a decade-long focus. We really tripled down on it five years ago when we declared our strategy. And we're -- we have now galvanized and energized the entire company that the [future of done for you] (ph) that we declared five years ago is very real, very much here. And we had an enormous opportunity to do amazing things for our customers. And that's what really gets us excited about what's possible. And so I can do another advertisement, join us September 6 for Intuit's Innovation Day, followed by Investor Day, and you'll get a real good feel for the world that we are going to create for the future.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. Let me start with your volume mix question around TurboTax. I would say the way to think about it was what I described earlier, leaning into full service, leaning into business tax and continue to lean into TurboTax Live, which really comes with assistance, recognizing it's all data and AI driven. You're going to see more come from ARPC than volume, and that's just the nature of the opportunity. Now there is 88 million-plus people that are in the assisted segment and there's $30 billion of spend. So there's both a volume opportunity and an ARPC opportunity. Just our view, looking at the next 10 years, by the way, this is not a one-year answer, both matter, you're going to get -- we're going to get more from ARPC. And I'll let Sandeep jump in here as well. I mean on the extension season, that's just been very weird with many states that got extended to July and California to October and what we're seeing from customers is they're even gotten confused which month they have to file in their state. So net-net is there's more to file. When you look at it at the company level, it's really not material, but not everybody has filed yet.
Sasan Goodarzi: All right, everybody. I think that brings our questions or Q&A to an end. So thank you for your wonderful questions. Thank you for spending the time with us. We look forward to seeing you September 6 and -- at our Investor Day. Take good care. Be safe. Bye, everybody.
Sandeep Aujla: Thanks for the question, Michael. And let me unpack it a little bit. We go through a [indiscernible] planning process, as I shared in the prepared remarks. And due that process, if you look at one of the biggest needle movers to deliver growth both in the near term and the long term, so durable growth levers for the company. And we make sure those are funded for success, inclusive of Big Bets and investments in GenAI. So the 40 to 60 bps of guidance reflects those investments and, quite frankly, reflects the strength and resilience of our platform. As a reminder, this is an expansion we're delivering on top of the 3.5 points of expansion we delivered over the last three years. As I look ahead, I see plenty of runway for us to continue to operate in accordance with our financial principles to grow expenses slower than revenue, therefore, implying a margin expansion. And really, as I look at it, what gives me confidence is that we are an AI-driven expert platform, and we operate as an ecosystem across technology, across customer success, across marketing. So in addition to giving us a competitive advantage for having faster time to market as a -- from opting as an ecosystem, it also gives us advantage in getting operating leverage as we scale as a business.
Sandeep Aujla: And Taylor, I would add, over the long term, we remain committed to our growth algorithm of 10% to 20% ARPC and customer growth. That remains unchanged. And really, as Sasan mentioned, is our innovation across our platform that gives us -- opens up the aperture for us to cross-sell and upsell our customers across more offerings on our platform as those opportunities for us to price for value as we look ahead.
Sandeep Aujla: And Brad, the one thing I would add to this because you asked about a scenario in which interest rates are higher. When interest rates are higher, the consumer have a higher propensity to shop around because even a small improvement in the rates that they're getting, has a bigger difference in terms of the interest rate they're paying and a bigger difference to their bottom line. So in fact, the product becomes more important critical to the end user in a higher rate environment.
Sandeep Aujla: Thanks for the question, Nick. A couple of things on the international growth. On international growth, as I shared earlier, our focus, our refreshed strategy is to lead with both Mailchimp and QuickBooks in the markets where we have product market fit. And in other areas to lead with Mailchimp at the tip of the spear. Our growth decelerated for a couple of reasons, and some of that Sasan shared. As we lead into rightsizing the pricing for Mailchimp in some of these geographies, historically, it was the same price. It was basically the price in the US simply converting into the local currency and applied in that geography. We went in, and we looked at what the price should be based on the competitors in the market, based on the GDP per capital and all these other factors and we rightsized the price. Secondly, as we do in QuickBooks, we introduced free trials or discounts initially when folks join the product is what we have experienced over our years of doing that is people -- more people come into the product and they stick around. That leads to a better 90-day forwarded retention, et cetera. These are all the factors and all the improvements we're making in the Mailchimp product and the lineup, which is leading to what I would describe as a temporary headwind in terms of our international growth.
Sandeep Aujla: Absolutely. And actually, let me touch on one additional point to what Sasan added, it's never about one individual. We are a system, and we have strong leadership teams around our General Manager and CFO staff as well. So getting back to your question on the guidance, Alex. So just for context, the Small Business group grew 24% in fiscal '23, with four of those points coming from the benefit of the timing of the Mailchimp acquisition. So that's about a 20% organic run rate. And as we have shared with you with -- the group in the past is 80% of the revenues in the Small Business group are subscription-based. So that makes -- so the recurring nature of the revenue makes it highly predictable. And we -- this year's strong results in areas where we are focused, such as QuickBooks Advanced customer growth as well as in the mid-market area that Sasan touched on. So that is one component giving us confidence as we guide for next year. The second aspect is it's the importance of our products to SMBs. This is something core to how they run their business, how they pay their employees, how they get paid themselves, how they get access to capital to take on new projects and grow their business. And we have made tremendous improvements in our product in an ecosystem that makes that platform that much more relevant and important to the lives of our customers. So that is what's all baked into the guidance that we provided for the Small Business and Self-Employed Group. You asked a question if we were reliant on GenAI. I want to reiterate and be very clear. GenAI, we believe it will be an accelerator for our business, but that is not baked into the guidance that we shared with you all today.
Sandeep Aujla: And that’s -- that's basically the answer, Scott. It's not material for our Q1. It's been a unique behavior on the taxpayer. But I'll also remind us that last year, we also saw a great deal of extensions by taxpayers. So that's also something to keep in mind as you look at Q1.
