Brad D. Smith: All right. Thank you, Neil. We're pleased with our performance in the first half of the fiscal year, and based on these results, we're confident in our ability to deliver on the back half of the year as well. Now we recognize that the macro environment looks choppy. But if you look back over the three-plus decades as a company, it is during uncertain times that our products are needed most by our customers. They still need to file their taxes, pay their bills, and look for ways to stretch their hard-earned dollars as far as they can. And we've never been in a stronger position to serve our customers. Over the past several years, we've transformed from a North American desktop software company to a cloud-driven, global product and platform company, and that heavy lifting is now behind us. That's why we're continuing to play offense, investing in innovation to fuel customer growth. We have lots of opportunity in front of us, and we remain deeply committed to accelerating both customer and revenue growth. But it all starts with great people. And as always, I want to thank our employees for their hard work and their ongoing focus. On the subject of great people, as a part of this earnings release, we announced the decision to rotate the general managers in our Consumer Tax and our Small Business units following the tax season. Effective May 1, Sasan Goodarzi will take over as the head of the Small Business Group and Dan Wernikoff will assume responsibility as the general manager for our Consumer Tax business. This commitment to leadership mobility is consistent with Intuit's historical practice. As we accelerate our transformation to a single ecosystem, strengthening and developing senior talent to possess a deep understanding of all aspects of the ecosystem is more important than ever. Intuit's future success centers on our ability to solve important two-sided interactions in ways that deliver tremendous benefits for both sides. This rotation will enable Dan and Sasan to develop deep empathy for each of Intuit's core customers, as well as a better understanding and an appreciation of our collective products and technologies across the company. We're able to implement leadership moves like this from a position of strength. We've built deep talent benches, we developed great momentum and we have clear visibility into strong outlooks in both Small Business and Consumer Tax. I'm excited to watch that momentum continue as Sasan and Dan bring a fresh perspective and a new set of capabilities to their respective teams. So with that, Latif, let's open it up and let's hear what's on everyone's mind.
Brad D. Smith: Great. Thank you, Raimo. This is Brad. So let me start with desktop units. The good news is we've been able to continue to drive strong QBO subscribers, 49%, and over 80% of those are new to the franchise, while also growing our desktop units 14%. And what we basically learned is last year, we had tried to raise the price on desktop from $199 to $249 and we thought that might accelerate the migration to QBO. That didn't happen. In fact, we didn't see migraters accelerate. What we did see, though, is upgraders in those that were using existing desktop delaying their purchase. So throughout the balance of last year, we tested $199 price promotions, and we saw really strong results. What we saw was it had no impact at all on QBO. There was no cannibalization, but what it did do was it incented people to actually upgrade to the newer version. And so what you're seeing happen now is we have the ability to continue to accelerate QBO. Continue to get existing desktop customers to move up to the newest versions, and that's the best of both worlds. And so that's what's happening with desktop units, and as you heard we plan to – we actually anticipate the desktop units and revenue will be up slightly for the year now. The second question was on QBO and average revenue per user. As you know, we shared at Investor Day we're solving for total revenue growth and subscriber growth, and our targets are 25% to 30% in revenue, and then about 40% subscriber growth and that will get us to the targets we provided for fiscal year 2016 and 2017. I will say, however, that we do see opportunities for ARPU to continue to accelerate over time. If you remember, we talked about a first year customer comes in with a period of time where they have a trial and a promotional price. Once they move into the 13 month on the product, that ARPU goes up for that customer about 50%. So as more of these new customers start to age, we see a natural tailwind in ARPU. And, of course, we continue to get smarter in how we do attach services like payroll and payment. So we do see upside opportunity down the road. But for us, ARPU is really an output metric. We want to stay focused on total revenue growth and customer growth and then over time, we think by executing well, ARPU will improve and we'll give you an update on ARPU in the next Investor Day. But we don't tend to focus on that on a quarterly basis.
Brad D. Smith: All right. Thanks, Brent. This is Brad. I'll take the first one on share gains. So with the IRS data being published through February 19, they are showing that total returns received were down about 1.3%. They're suggesting that the self-prepared returns, the do-it-yourself category is up about 3% season to-date and the assisted downside. If you do all the translation and machinations of that that would suggest that the do-it-yourself category has picked up a little more than two points of share from assisted so far. Now, in the back half of the season, we'll see assisted get a little bit stronger as more complex returns come in. But the good news is, the DIY category continues to take share from assisted. And then the question is, what about TurboTax share inside that category? And let me say, we have not seen this strong of market share advances at this time of the year in my recollection. And I've been here for a while. So right now, season to-date, we're a little over 3.5 points of market share, and we're seeing market share increases in TurboTax Online. We're seeing market share increases in TurboTax desktop at retail, and we're also seeing an increase in the number of Free File Alliance customers using TurboTax. So it's across the board. And then your question is, where can we do better? Well, we're always constructively dissatisfied. But I have to tell you right now, I feel really good about the product innovation the team has put out into the market. I love the reaction to our advertising and our marketing campaign. I love the fact that we've taken a leadership role in fighting security, our cyber fraud is leading security efforts across the industry. And, of course, we have opportunity to continue to make sure we're answering phones faster. There's places in the product we always want to make easier for end users, and the team's all over that. But by and large, I feel really good about our TurboTax execution so far.
Brad D. Smith: Yeah, thanks, Steve. It's Brad. So what we see every year is the tax business is always hard to predict in terms of total returns filed. There's macro trends that you can go back and look at over a decade where there's just more procrastination. As tools become easier to use, people's 1099s and W-2s tend to come out a little bit later, they tend to wait a little further into the season to file their taxes. And so that's been one thing that just continues, and it has been doing that for the last 10 years. The second is, the good news is with the IRS data that came out on through February 19, this past week, looks like returns actually went up about 3%. So even though we got out to a slow start, it brings the total season to date down to about 1.3%, below prior year. So I think you're starting to see momentum pick up. The question behind your question and I heard you ask it was fraud. I think collectively, we as an industry and the government are absolutely making an impact on fraud. Now whether or not that actually is correlated with the number of filings that have been filed so far, we won't know until the end of the year when the IRS and the states actually tell us how many of the returns were fraudulent. But I can tell you right now, we have collectively linked in, we've added 23 data schemas and protocols. We've strengthened the passwords, we've added opportunities to share information at a federal and state level between the private industry and the government, and we are starting to adopt a framework called Knit, and I think all of that is having an impact and that is good news for all of us. So, right now, I think the season is still playing out and I think it's just a combination of procrastination, and then we'll see how much of it ends up being having an impact on fraud.
Brad D. Smith: Okay. Sanjit, this is Brad. I would say first of all, overall, we feel very good about our global progress. And I mentioned the countries. the UK, Australia, Brazil where we made an acquisition last year of a company called Zero Paper and now we've just ported that under the QBO platform in February. And of course, we opened up France. And overall, it's up 80%. We have over a quarter of a million paying subs, a lot more in the pipeline in trial periods and kind of using the product, so that looks very healthy. I did mention the two countries you wanted me to drill deeper on, Canada and India. I'll start with Canada. Canada is about 30% of our global units today. And what really impacted its growth rate this quarter is, last year, we had tried a test of putting QuickBooks Online in retail stores. You would go and purchase it just like you would a box. You would come home and then you would activate it hopefully. And while that drove subs, we did not like the retention rate. In fact, we saw attrition was higher in that particular channel. We ran a similar test in the U.S. So we didn't feel those were good quality leads. We didn't think that was a good effective cost to acquire customer, so we pulled that out this year, and we have a little bit of a grow-over on that. But the underlying health of the Canada QuickBooks Online business is strong. We simply have pulled out a channel, and now we're going to have to grow over it. India is a little different. To be very candid with you, our product in India we had more work to do to get it compliant. We've now added two scrum teams of engineers. We've also pulled back on marketing just through the accountant channel and we're starting to go more direct to small businesses. And so that one's in a little bit of a pivot. I feel really good. We have 1,000 engineers that work in our India development center and they are all passionate about helping get QBO localized and we have a lot of good end market knowledge. We're simply in a reset mode there. It's small enough part of our mix, it's the perfect time to learn the lessons and to get readjusted, and we are committed to both Canada and to India over the long term. We're just in a matter right now we're making adjustments to the channel in Canada and we're making sure the product is compliant in India.
Brad D. Smith: No. In fact, we're still seeing healthy performance there. The numbers, 21% of all new customers attach in payroll, 8% this quarter attach payments, now that's because of the seasonality thing that Neil walked through. But when we actually look at the penetration rates and the opportunities for customers that come in, we managed the cohorts, the 90 day cohorts. We feel real strength in attach opportunities. And so there isn't anything in the external market. This is just a matter of us being able to execute quarter-to-quarter, and continue to get smarter each time we move forward.
Brad D. Smith: Scott, we honestly just don't see any impact of ACA on any customers' decisions, whether it's which way they choose to file their taxes, or when they choose to file their taxes. It continues to be a very high converting area for us on TurboTax.com. This year, as you know, about 90% of tax filers, whether they last year qualified for a 1095-A, and this year they got a 1095-B or C form, which is a form that they need to have to basically say that they have insurance, it hasn't had any impact. You can see we came out of the gate strong. And so, we're seeing on the ProTax side of the business, where we have an assisted method, similar trends. We see good healthy start to the season. So, we don't see any impact from ACA, and we don't think that that's what's causing any sort of IRS delays from our perspective.
Brad D. Smith: Okay. Thanks, Scott. So on TurboTax desktop strength, as you know, we learned a pretty tough lesson last year. We had made some product changes in the early part of last season that honestly angered our customers. And last year we gave them the $25 difference in what they would have been able to get for a Deluxe product versus what it required them to move up to Premier. And we made a promise we would return the desktop product lineup features to the way they had been. And we did that this year. We kept our promise. And we had an aggressive campaign to go out against any customer we thought that we might have lost to a competitor. And quite frankly, our data shows that we're getting them back. In fact, our conversions from our competitors are up 3X in the desktop business. Our share is up a couple of points in retail. And the net promoter in the desktop business is up 13 points year-over-year. So I think this is about us learning a tough lesson. We made a mistake. We recovered well from it, and our customers came back and said, great, we're back with the TurboTax again. In terms of volume relationship, our goal is always to expand the category and then to grow customers faster than revenue, because as you know ultimately, over time, those customers tax situations will become more complex. And over multiple years we can maximize the lifetime value. So, right now, we're seeing good solid growth in units as you heard us report today, 9% overall and 12% in TTO, TurboTax Online. And while we're still maintaining our guidance of 5% to 7%, we really like the trends so far this tax season, and we think that that ratio will continue to play out with more units coming in faster than revenue through the balance of the season.
Brad D. Smith: Yeah. Thanks, Ross. We'll start with – we feel good about the overall QBO adds. We certainly had a couple of countries outside the U.S., Canada and India, that I just spoke to, but by and large the international businesses are doing really well. And we like our momentum in the U.S. In fact, we just crossed one million active paying customers in the United States, which is a major milestone. In terms of opportunity ahead in total addressable market, there's about 29 million small businesses in the U.S. If you back out the self-employed, you're still looking at the neighborhood of between eight million and 12 million, and we currently have one million that are using QuickBooks Online. So we aren't running out of any sort of opportunities to grow. It's just a matter of us continuing to lean in and execute. And we're seeing improvements in our Net Promoter Scores. We're seeing a lot of good traffic coming to QuickBooks Online, and we're seeing improved conversion rates. So I – from a quarter-to-quarter perspective, as Neil said, you have some seasonality that kicks in. Sometimes small businesses come in one quarter and then the next quarter you may see a little bit of ebb and flow. But overall we feel good, which is why we've raised the low end of our guidance and we're reaffirming our 2017 outlook. We really like the momentum.
Brad D. Smith: Yeah. Ross, I think we started to get wiser about our multi-year outlook last year, and we shared it with you as, the good news is, we're getting more of our QuickBooks Online users that are new to the franchise, which means we're expanding the category. We were getting fewer customers from desktop to migrate over, but since we're talking about lifetime values and profitability that are pretty equivalent in both sides, we just want to make sure they stay with us; they don't go anywhere else. But one of the things we learned last year is by raising the price to $249, we basically had customers staying but not renewing on their desktop and they weren't moving to QBO and that was actually a lose for us. And so our promotional pricing now basically says, we're going to keep those people who want to stay on desktop at least active, continuing to buy from us and use the newest version and get the best product, and we're going to continue to lean into QBO. And I think what you see happening overall is the best of both worlds. I think ultimately you're going to see a portion of customers still on desktop in 2017, 2018, and I would go all the way out to 2020 and further. There's just a group of people that are going to want to stay on desktop. We want to make sure they're using the most recent version and continuing to buy from us while we continue to open up the category with QBO. And so I think that's the only difference to our outlook as we hope to have more active customers on desktop while we continue to add new users in QBO.
Brad D. Smith: Okay. Mike, I'm going to ask you to repeat your first question because I'm not sure I got the essence of it, which was you said reduced growth due to slow pickup...
Brad D. Smith: Okay. I guess that was a clear attorney answer. We don't. So I don't have anything to share for you there, Michael.
Brad D. Smith: No. We haven't been notified by anyone in the industry, and so we don't have any knowledge of what's going on there. No.
Brad D. Smith: Yeah, Latif, thank you. I want to thank everybody for your questions today. As you can tell, we're encouraged by the strong start and momentum we've built up. I have to say we're really competitive, so we're looking forward to the remainder of tax season and our fiscal year. But we are feeling quite confident in our full year outlook. And so I want to thank everybody and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Take care and have a great afternoon.
