Sasan Goodarzi: Thanks Sandeep. We are confident in our long term growth strategy, including double-digit revenue growth and operating income growing faster than revenue. We have the strategy to win given the green shoots we're observing, and with less than 5% penetration of our $300 billion in TAM, with a massive runway ahead. We look forward to seeing all of you at our Investor Day next month, where we’ll unpack all of this and more. Let’s now open it up to your questions.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Siti, thank you for your question. First of all, I want to start with our focus will continue to be Small Businesses that are formed and because we want to fundamentally continue to grow with them. With that as context, we've just simply doubled down on our focus on mid-market. And as you know, it's not new. This has been five years in the making. It's one of the five Bets that we declared more than five years ago. But I would just say, five years later, Siti, we are just building an incredible amount of momentum. With that as context, let me just now answer your question. One, the way to think about it is we now have a business suite. And our business suite provides all the capabilities to -- for our business to be able to grow their customers, manage their customers, be able to manage their cash flow, get their accounting done, all in 1 place. And with our really AI-powered innovation and AI-powered experts, we really have tilted the professional grade help and services to all of our businesses. And we are now at a place where we are really accelerating on two fronts. One, we are going to go to market as one platform versus pieces and parts to really accelerate services penetration because of the one thing we continue to hear from businesses is that they want to do everything in one place and now we have the business suite for them to do everything in one place. Secondarily is our acceleration in mid-market. We're actually excited to announce at Investor Day a platform that will take us even further up market, and that really positions us to not only grow with our customers but to really acquire new customers. I would just remind us that the majority of mid-market customers are nonconsumption. And they pay a lot of money to use multiple different apps, discrete apps that don't talk to each other. Excel spreadsheets, Google Sheets, shoe boxes, and paying for multiple different bookkeepers, marketing agents and ultimately, accountants. And now we have packaged all of that as one enterprise suite to be able to pursue and accelerate pursuing mid-market customers. And our ultimate goal is to go far beyond 10 to 100 employees. And so I think this is five years in the making. And to round out the answer to your question, this is both focusing on the smaller customers, but we're really doubling down on the larger customers and really being able to penetrate services. And that's really what gives us confidence in the 20% online ecosystem revenue growth at a far bigger scale that you heard from Sandeep, along with our acceleration in Q1.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, absolutely, Alex. Thank you for your question. Let me start with the last part of your question, which is around the macro environment. We have not assumed anything other than the current environment. We're not assuming any tailwinds coming from the macro environment. So that's really been one of the elements that's informed our guidance. It's really about our current trends that we're seeing our current momentum that we're seeing and really all focused on our own execution. So that's really the first part of your question. I would say the second part is just as a refresher, the total tax market is about $35 billion in TAM, $5 billion of that is do-it-yourself and about $30 billion is both -- is all assisted, but consumer and on the business side. We've got great momentum. As you know, TurboTax Live grew 17% this past year, but the number of full-service customers that we got double, new to the franchise tripled. And so we have a lot of momentum as we look ahead, and that's why we have a lot of confidence in really providing an expectation that we expect TurboTax Live to grow between 15% to 20%. And that really leads to -- we wanted to just adjust our long-term expectations to be really prudent because until TurboTax Live, which today is 30% of our franchise, growing high-double-digits, until that becomes a larger part of our franchise, we wanted to be prudent with our long-term expectation. I will just end with saying that DIY is actually very important, and I would parse it into two. One, we're actually growing quite rapidly, and I would say, high-single-digits with complex customers with higher income, and we're actually accelerating taking share. And based on our learnings this year and based on our trade-offs that we made this year and our focus this year, we're going to be quite assertive in continuing to pursue lower income customers this year because we have a lot of green shoots from this past year with our experiments of how to deliver benefits and monetize beyond tax with our Credit Karma platform. And so we're going to be leaning into that. And I'll just end with the final aspect of the question that you asked, really are upside to our guide, which is, I think, a question you asked around TurboTax comes from really two dimensions. One, accelerating in assisted tax beyond the 15% to 20%; and two, actually accelerating where we've seen a lot of green shoots, which is the more complex, higher income customers that are DIY. We have positioned ourselves for the innovation and the lineup that's required to win on both fronts in the coming years. So that's where our confidence comes from.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, sure, Brad. First of all, I just want to start with acknowledging we are a culture about talent and people and compassion and care. And this is a very, very tough decision. And we took great care of our teams internally, both those that are staying and getting them excited about why we're doing this and what's in the future and they remain extremely energized. But secondarily, taking great care of those that were impacted. And I just wanted to start there because these things are hard for us. We take it very seriously. We also believe that it's critically important to position the company for the future. And as we communicated, which is really the plan that we're executing against and a lot of what my upfront comments were, we are really taking all of the dollars and reinvesting it in five areas, which I articulated earlier in my prepared remarks. And really, our intent is to put all of those dollars back in the five areas that we've seen a lot of green shoots in this past several years. They accelerated towards really the latter part of last fiscal year, which is hence the decision to really double down in those five areas. So our intent is to allocate all of those dollars to those five areas. And of course, it's spread across marketing, customer success and additional headcount, engineering headcount in the areas that I mentioned. And we expect -- by the way, there's no expectation of any of these paying off in the coming year. None of our guidance that we provided resides on the added headcount back in. This is really positioning us for the next two, three years plus. That's an important note for all of you know because there's really no risk to our execution plan as we think about the coming year, but really this is about positioning us in the future. I'll just end with the following: we have a lot of confidence with the margin expansion that Sandeep articulated, and not only from the platform leverage that we're getting, but from all of our AI investments internally to drive a lot of efficiency and productivity.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. There are really three areas that we've been executing that are worth calling out that we're excited about. One is the integration with the QuickBooks platform. As I mentioned earlier, one of the biggest areas why we're able to accelerate our customer growth with U.S. QBO, customer growth of 11%, the QBO advanced to 28% is really creating a suite where our platform is all in one place. So that's one area that we are aggressively focused on data and tech integration. And of course, workflow integration, and we're making great progress on that front. That's number one. Number two is mid-market. That is an area where it was critical when we declared the acquisition of Mailchimp, we're building momentum. Both, by the way, what we're doing to integrate the offering, but also our go-to-market capabilities. As we announced, I think, last quarter, Greg Johnson is now back with Intuit. He runs all of our go-to-market for all of small business, and we've brought together our sales and marketing and customer success across Mailchimp and QuickBooks to be able to be better positioned for mid-market. And then last is international. Those are the three areas that we're very focused on. And when we look at our KPIs, we're making solid progress against those three areas, and that's one of the reasons why it leaves us excited about the coming year and the future.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Great. Thank you for your question, Keith. I'll start with your first question. Really, our acceleration comes from three areas. One, acceleration in services. And this is services across payments, across payroll, across our live platform and what we expect in Mailchimp. So that's one key area. The second key area is mid-market, where as we shared earlier, we've seen very good traction with QBO events, and we really continue to build out our go-to-market efforts on our platform capabilities. And that's informing by the way, what we're seeing in Q1, but also the fact that we shared earlier that we expect our online ecosystem revenue to be 20%, which is what it was this past year. And the third is price. Those three have played a big role in our acceleration. And the thing I would just call out on price, everything that we really learn and hear from our customers is because we have a business suite in one place, they're actually saving time they need less labor. They're able to drive customer growth based on our capabilities and better manage their cash flow because we're digitizing their cash flow. And that plays a very big role in terms of just the pricing power that we have, especially in our higher-end SKUs. But those are the three things that give us confidence into Q1 and beyond. And as you know, the majority of this business is subscription-based. So it's very predictable. In terms of the -- your second question around, well, where did the heads coming from in terms of the restructuring, there was really several key areas. I would say the largest area as we looked across the company and we looked at talent that we felt there was an opportunity for better performance. This was about 8% of our talent. These are, by the way, very talented folks that will lend great opportunities elsewhere. But it was across the company. It was not from any particular area, which, by the way, why there's really no execution risk from the actions that we took because this wasn't from one area. This was from across the company and talent that was we believe we have an opportunity to upgrade talent. So that was really one area. The second is, we really consolidated some of our technology talent across multiple sites, closing down Boise and Edmonton and consolidating technology talent in our key areas, Tel Aviv, Bangalore, Atlanta and Toronto. But those, I would say, were the main drivers of where the restructuring came from. And then, of course, we're allocating all of it to the 5 areas that I mentioned earlier.
Sasan Goodarzi: Thank you for the question, Kash. And also, by the way, the setup, as you saw in our guide we're guiding our Global Business Solutions Group to be north of $11 billion, growing 16% to 17% in the coming year, and particularly with online growing at 20%. And I would just tell you all of that has been done without really much, I would say, massive contribution from mid-market. So the best is yet to come because we are going to continue and if you look at where we are today versus three years ago, we truly have a business suite where we have all of the key capabilities for a business to be able to grow and run their business. And we've been investing in the last five years to be positioned to go after mid-market. And our ultimate goal is to have all of the big brand names, be on our mid-market platform, and we will announce something I think you'll find exciting at our Investor Day that really positions us to be able to serve these larger customers. And that's really when you look at the future -- when we look at the future, where we get really excited is that we're actually at where we are with an incredible franchise without really having a significant contribution from mid-market. And that's what excites us about the future because we want to continue to serve smaller businesses, but we now have a real opportunity to win in mid-market. And I would remind us of the following. It's probably the most important point that I'll make. Mid-market, when it comes to financial management platforms is actually not a crowded space. And so we have an incredible right to win. And this is really precisely what we hear from accountants and from mid-market businesses. We're really excited about the next chapter of taking our business group from we're $10 billion today to much larger as we look into the next three to five years.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Kirk, thank you for the question. First of all, let me just start with we haven't accounted for or assumed anything in our guidance or around Intuit Assist for the coming year. So I just wanted to start there. Now let me get to your question. We actually have an incredible amount of momentum with Intuit Assist, you're going to see it at Investor Day. But let me start with the foundation of what I shared in the prepared remarks, which was we have about 1 million businesses that are engaging with Intuit Assist. And it is going to play a significant role in the future because that is actually the foundation of what we bet the company on six years ago, which was really around data and AI. But really the bet was about delivering experiences where we do the work for our customers. And so a number of areas that our customers are using today as part of the million that I mentioned is along the lines of marketing campaigns with proposed revenue that our customers could garner that we could then execute on the behalf of our customers. Things like taking, by the way, pictures of an estimate that you may have written on the go then you can take a picture of them, we will create a digitized estimate, invoice your payment schedule that you want, all within the platform. Send it to your customer, remind you in the business feed of, in essence, invoices that are overdue, capital that we can give you access to. And that's what I just mentioned are elements of what some of our customers are using today. And so we're really right now focused on sort of money in, money out because those are the most critical areas for our customers. And if I just take a step forward, ultimately, our entire goal because of our advantage, which is data and AI. Our goal is that we do all of the work for our customers. These examples I just illustrated is all on that path. Now what it means for us as a company beyond the -- of course, the benefit of helping drive revenue growth and profitability growth for businesses. What it means for us is, we believe it will have an impact in a couple of areas. One, new customer growth; particularly the smaller customers; but then two, adoption of our services because the examples I just mentioned, take a picture of a scribble note, upload a PDF file will create estimates invoicing progress payments that all turns into revenue for us. And that, by the way, doesn't even touch on the fact that embedded in our platform going forward is going to be AI-powered live expertise, which is a monetizable event ultimately with the goal of we do everything for you and with you. And so it will be an enormous sort of part of our experience and growth in the future. And we're making really good progress. All of which, by the way, will also show all of you at Investor Day. And I'll end with where I started. None of this is contemplated in our guidance, but it's a big part of our future, and we're excited about it.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Thank you for the question. First of all, I would start with -- it's actually one platform, and that's the power of our scale. Customers, ultimately, can do it themselves, they can do it with assistance or we'll do it for customers. And it's all on TurboTax platform and our experts, our virtual experts all sit on the same platform, except they're on the other side of the platform, which is leveraging the customers' data and AI capabilities to do their taxes for them or with them. So I just wanted to start with that foundational point that it's not a lot of different products. It's actually one platform, which is what gives us the scale that we're looking for. When we make decisions around long-term expectations, we don't make them lightly. In fact, I think it was 5.5 years ago, right when I became CEO, we had updated the long-term expectations of tax. And so we take these decisions very seriously. And really what -- and so it's something we've been thinking about for some time. And really, it comes down to a very a simple math equation. When you look at the TAM, which is $35 billion, $5 billion do it yourself and $30 billion assisted both consumer and business, that's where the largest growth opportunity is. That's where we're really growing high-double-digits, 17% with customers growing 11%. And it's 30% of the franchise today, and we are also being very aggressive with DIY, both complex higher-income customers. But based on some green shoots that we saw this year, we're also going to be very assertive with lower income folks that are in the do-it-yourself category. And in that context, we just felt like the time was right to not only guide prudently for the coming year. But also adjust the long-term expectations. And I want to reiterate what you heard from Sandeep it's an interim adjust. And once we get to sustained, growth double-digit, we'll then rethink the long-term guidance. But until then, that's what informed the decision that we made.
Sasan Goodarzi: The headline I would give you, Kartik, is stable. Across our small businesses, we generally, differs by the way, by sector, by state, by country. But at an Uber level, we see revenue and profitability up in this fiscal year for businesses that we serve. We see cash reserves still down 6% to 7% compared to last year, but it's way up compared to pre-pandemic levels. We also see hours worked higher. So headline is stable. And by the way, we see the same thing on the consumer side, which is stable.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Thank you for the question. Let me start with your question of what's resonated with the smaller businesses. For us, we've actually had product market fit, meaning that our experts on our platform can really help our businesses with bookkeeping, accounting, providing advice. Really, the biggest challenge that we've been working through in the last year is how to think about the benefit? How to think about the offering? How do we actually go to market because the great news is every business at some point in their life throughout a year, they're engaging a bookkeeper and an accountant. So we're not trying to create opportunity. The opportunity is there. It's just it's manual, it's disaggregated. It's high price. And so really, the biggest thing has been our focus on how do you really help the customer understand that this is now a part of our platform and that we can help them with all the key problems that they have. And I would say that, that's an area where we really uncovered how to do that, and we're accelerating. And I don't want to make you feel like we've reached the destination. I think we still have a lot of work to do in this area. But we’ve really, I would say, cracked a nut that we're excited about, particularly around our decision to embed AI-powered experts into our offering as we look ahead. And lastly, this is a far bigger opportunity with larger customers because they expected. They expect a CFO for a hire and HR for hire. They expect an assistant to be able to help them with their books, with their accounting, with their employee inventory decisions. And so part of what you'll hear us talk about at Investor Day is as we're accelerating our focus with mid-market, with a business suite that has all the key capabilities that a business needs a big element of it is the expertise that it comes with. I think the differentiator for us is these are AI-powered experts that sit on the platform, can really provide a range of services for customers. But we believe it's a bigger opportunity as we move upmarket. And last thing, by the way, I'll end with, these are small sample sizes still. But the -- those that have live experts, the attach and use of services like payments and payroll actually higher, which really is a great benefit for customers and for us.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. I think the premise of what you're articulating is not what we're seeing. We actually believe that based on all of our investments with data and AI, it's actually higher ARPU because it drives better attach of our services. It actually drives more attach of our human-powered expertise. And by the way, when our human-powered experts or AI-powered human experts get involved, they're actually quite effective and productive because they're sitting on our data and AI platform. So we're actually seeing two things. One, higher ARPU over time because of what I articulated, but also more effective and efficiency on our platform because we are as aggressive as we are in applying AI externally we are as aggressive internally based on what you just heard Sandeep talk about. So it's actually the reverse of the premise that you talked about in terms of what we see. I don't know, Sandeep, if you would add anything.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. First of all, let me start with your question around the SKUs. This is a progression, and this is a really important element to call out. What you heard us talk about is that we believe, and we're seeing this in our proof points. And the green shoots that we're seeing is that, one, this will drive new customer growth because we will just make it far easier and simpler for a new customer to use our digital platform that comes with AI-powered experts. Two, we believe that it's an opportunity for the adoption of our services, which also includes Live. Services like payments, payroll, Mailchimp and our live platform, which is our AI-powered human experts. And those are significant customer and growth drivers for us. The progression is as we are focused on the innovation that we articulated earlier, things such as literally a customer being able to take a picture of a scribble note, upload a PDF document for us to be able to put together an estimate all the way to getting them paid following up with their customers, putting marketing campaigns together for them. The progression is we'll get to a place where we'll actually test stand-alone SKUs where the AI agent is doing everything for the customer. And that could be a stand-alone SKU that we could test sometime in the future, but you have to progress your way to that. And that's really what the element of progression talks to. The last thing, which I think was the other element of your question, what we're doing is really hard, which we love because it's hard to replicate. And what's hard about it is, first, you have to have the data. And we have a lot of data. It's our customers' data. But when you look at for every business, we have 500,000 data points. That means we are uniquely positioned to be able to help them with managing their cash flow because it's about their cash flow. It's not about something generic because we see all of their money coming in, money going out, the creditworthiness of their vendors, the employees that they have. And so the investments that we've made in the data has been more than ever crucial because then it allows us to leverage our GenOS platform, which is our GenAI capabilities and train the Intuit LLM on the customer's data to be able to then deliver the experiences that I was just articulating and our LLMS have agency and authority to be able to use other LLMs that could enhance the experience. So the biggest thing that we've learned to sort of punchline answer your question is the combination of the data investments, the investments we've made in knowledge engineering, machine learning and our LLM that really delivers accuracy performance cost effectively is extremely hard to copy because we live in a world of financial management, and that's really our biggest advantage going forward and really our biggest growth opportunity as we look ahead.
Sasan Goodarzi: Well, listen, everybody, thank you for your time. Thank you for all of your questions, and we hope to see all of you at Investor Day. Be safe. We'll see you soon. Bye-bye.
Sandeep Aujla: Brad, the only thing I would add is we didn't have a standing start as we made that announcement. We were already contemplating as you probably saw from our open job listings, those had increased over the last quarter. We started building out our mid-market go-to-market function as well as scaling our marketing activities, particularly as we go after the assisted tax category, which has a different marketing timing than the DIY category.
Sandeep Aujla: The only thing I would add, Keith, to Sasan's first part of that question. If you recall in my prepared remarks, I talked about QBO U.S. growing 11%, advance growing 28%. These larger customers tend to adopt and use services at a higher rate than the self-employed that decline, so that's an important attribute to keep in mind. And secondly, on pricing, we look at pricing very carefully, our price volume mix and well over half of our growth comes from volume and mix. And at the company level, the contributions for price are relatively consistent year-over-year while they are slightly higher in the Small Business group. So that's the second component to keep into mind as we look at the trajectory heading into Q1.
Sandeep Aujla: No, I think that covers. 1 thing to keep in mind as we compare us to possibly other companies in your portfolio, one point, AI sort of really been in our run rate. So I wouldn't expect any meaningful change in our cost structure. Secondly, we use AWS for a lot of the processing. So it's not like we're building up our own data centers. So that's also very asset light for us. And the other factor, as Sasan alluded to, we are quite frankly also seeing improvements in our own productivity. We are seeing improvements in our developer productivity. We're seeing improvements in our overall G&A productivity. So just factors to keep in mind that AI should not be not getting in the way of our commitment to continue to find operating leverage and continue to scale our margin over time.
Sandeep Aujla: Yes. The thing to keep in mind is AI is -- the name of the game is confidence and eliminating fear, uncertainty and doubt. And by using AI, by using our AI powered experts, we're actually doing that at scale. And the important thing to keep in mind is it actually helping us open up the aperture of the customers we can serve and really go after penetrating a TAM. That's driving a lot of the success that you've seen in the assisted category. Some of those are fully outsourced to us, some of those that do it with me. So just something to keep in mind as you look at the strategic opportunities that this opens up for us as well.
