Brad D. Smith: Hi, Walter. It's Brad. First of all, we've raised the guidance a couple of times this year, so clearly the question is on target. We continue to outpace our forecast. At the same time, what we want to do is, we want to close out this fiscal year and then pull up the nose of at plane and we'll take a look at our guidance for fiscal year 2016 in August as well as our outlook for 2017. At this point in time, we're not changing the outlook, but we clearly have a pattern here of continuing to perform well. So we'll talk to you more about that when we set guidance for 2016 and then talk to you at Investor Day in the fall.
Brad D. Smith: Yeah. So first of all, the statement's absolutely on target. We are leaning our new R&D and features into QuickBooks Online. At the same time, we remain committed to having a delightful product experience for desktop customers. We still have 3.7 million customers using that product. And while we do see some that are willing to migrate to the cloud, we want to keep those customers who stay on desktop delighted. We haven't talked about what features we'll put in there. The one thing we are continuing to do is improve the product experience so they can do things more efficiently and effectively. So there will be changes in the product that will continue to come out in the fall, but we will be leaning more heavily into the new features in QuickBooks Online. What that turns into in terms of an outlook is, we anticipate, as you can tell from our subscriber forecast, is you're going to see more new customers coming in to QuickBooks Online. In fact, right now, over 60% of all the new customers are now selecting the cloud version versus desktop. And it was just a few quarters ago, we hit 50/50. So we see that continuing and we expect desktop units will probably continue to decline at 20% to 25% and so those are sort of the outlooks we've provided so far.
Brad D. Smith: You're welcome, Brent. So let me start with the global view. We continue to be encouraged by our global progress. We just announced that it was up again 140%. We have about 150,000 paid subs. On a country-by-country basis, the story is slightly different. There's real strength and momentum in Canada. There's a continuing acceleration in Australia as well as the United Kingdom. We have had some challenges with monetization efforts in India, but it's a very small portion of our base and we treat that as an experimentation market, because we truly are the only cloud-based player there. So we're learning more in the India market. But we're getting good subs. We're just trying to find different ways to make sure that we're bundling that with the right products for accountants. And of course, we just recently announced an acquisition in Brazil as well as opening up in France. And so as we head into the fall, we'll have a better read on how those two countries are performing, but so far we like how the product is shaping up and we like the reception in the market. So the global story is strong. When you think about the desktop and then the new users and the migration that you're asking about for QBO, right now, about eight out of 10 of the QuickBooks Online customers are new to the franchise. That's pretty consistent over the last several quarters. The migration is not as much as we had originally forecasted, but it's still up over 60% and so it's a good healthy migration number. But our goal right now is to make sure we have the right feature functionality in the online version, so for those who want to migrate we have that and we think we'll have most of that gap closed in this late summer timeframe. The second thing we want to make sure we do is that we have the data conversion and the assistance they may need up and running and we have that in place now. And then the third thing is, just make sure that they feel like it's a good cross value and we feel today that we're getting good feedback on that. After that, it's up to them being comfortable and if their accountant helps them make that jump, then I think we'll make the move. If not, we're going to keep them happy on the desktop, because if they don't want to leave the desktop product to go to our own cloud solution, we don't see them leaving to a competitor either and we want to keep them in the franchise. So that's sort of how we're looking at migrations right now. Eight out of 10 of the users in QBO are new to the franchise. The other 20% are actually migrating from desktop. That's a pretty consistent ratio, but we are seeing the migration numbers going up about 60%, but it's still not as big as we had originally forecast and we're fine with that.
Brad D. Smith: Yeah. And Ross, this is Brad. If I could just add a quick point and just built on the answer I gave to Brent a couple of minutes ago as well, this is really a good new story for us. For many years we sat in front of you and talked about 4 million installed users on QuickBooks and every time we had a quarter, we would say well, why aren't we growing that base. We're growing the base now because QuickBooks Online is expanding the total addressable market. So we've raised guidance on QuickBooks Online units twice this year and that's even with the migration from the desktop not happening at the pace we thought. And that's because eight out of 10 of these people have never used software before and they're coming into the category. That is good news. The second piece of good news for us is the lifetime value awash. So the lifetime value on desktop of $1,400 and for QBO right now its $1,400, and so as long as we keep the customers happy on desktop and they get the features built out in QuickBooks Online and then help them make that migration on their timeframe, it's a win-win for us. So we aren't sitting awake at night worried about the desktop customers not moving, we're committed to getting them to the cloud, but we wanted to it on their timeframe so we don't send them off to a competitor and we're feeling pretty good about how it's playing out so far.
Brad D. Smith: All right, Kash, thank you. Well, let me start with retention first. I had mentioned that this the second year of our multi-year effort where our team has been going in behind the vision of taxes are done. So finding access to data, so customers could actually import their W2 electronically. You may remember, last quarter, we talked about a third of the customers last year could do that. This year, over three-fourths of them could, over 75% could. And we've seen that if they have any data already input in their tax return, it increases conversion. And then if they have a great experience this year, that increases retention next year and the best leading indicator on retention is an improvement in Net Promoter Score, and it went up 5 points this year. So we feel very good that because of the products being more customized to your particular tax situation and we're having you do less work as we're able to import data electronically that we're able to basically continue to improve conversion and retention. That's really what's driving TurboTax. And we'll break more of that down when we get to Investor Day in the fall. The second is on the lifetime value and I'll go back to Investor Day again. We put a slide into this past September and it really has all the assumptions laid out in there for the lifetime value of desktop versus online. I think at the summary level, what we've put in there as a forecast is today desktop is less reliant on the accounting price and more on the payroll and the payments because it's got a heavier penetration of those attached services. QBO today is less mature that way, so it's actually heavier on the accounting subscription every month and a little lower on payroll and payments. But as you just suggested, every new customer we bring in is attaching at a higher rate. And so we think that improving – we see that improving over time in an absolute basis. The only thing that will work against that is that we're starting to move into new countries, where we don't have payroll and payments yet available. So that will bring the mix down a little bit on the average. And then we're also introducing QuickBook Self-Employed, which are small sole proprietors who don't have employees, so they won't have payroll. So on an absolute apples-to-apples basis, we see the lifetime value of QuickBooks Online, with the payments and payroll attach rates getting stronger, improving. But when you put it in the mix of those global units as well as QuickBook Self-Employed, that will be a headwind we'll work against, but ultimately that will pay off over time as well. And there is a lot more detail in that particular presentation in September if you want to pull that down, but I hope that hits the high level for you.
Brad D. Smith: ...a few quarters ago – yes, absolutely, Kash. It is paying off. So what's happened now is the retention rates in the cohorts of the customers that are with us 30 days, 60 days, and 90 days are improving. And so what has happened is, when we have people default into payroll, people found out after a couple of bills that they were getting charged for payroll and they didn't want it. They were frustrated and it caused our attrition to spike. Since we switched to opt out, the right customers are now selecting payroll and we've seen an improvement in our retention, which is one of the biggest leverage you have in a recurring revenue service. So it's paying off the way we want and that's reflected in the growth rate we had in payroll this quarter.
Brad D. Smith: Hi, Sterling. I didn't call it out specifically, I referenced other features. But just to be specific about the advanced features, you know we did an acquisition of a small company called Lettuce and that brings advanced inventory capabilities that pretty much gives us the parity with QuickBooks Pro on the desktop. Our current timeline is to have those fully implemented in the late summer timeframe and then begin to have more of a conversion focus for the desktop customers in the first quarter of fiscal year 2016, so in the fall.
Brad D. Smith: Yeah, free plus bundle. And what it basically was, was you can move up to a $29.99 bundle and you would get access to storage and vault capabilities. You would have the ability to do a refund transfer. You would have the ability to get an Amazon gift card and we saw a really strong take rate there. So if you think about that going forward next year, I think our track record is we can bring people in on free. We can monetize many of them in the same season. But we also tend to monetize more of them the following season and that just continues to be a formula that pays off.
Brad D. Smith: Raimo, right now, we put out there an outlook that we think that this business can grow 5% to 10% and, last year, we were on the upper-end of that range and this year we're on the upper-end of that range. And as Neil said, we had a self-inflicted wound. We made a change to our desktop product lineup that cost us about $20 million. And if we hadn't done that and we have been able to do what we normally do and execute, it could've been a double-digit growth year for us in revenue. So I think the question is fair. Right now, we haven't changed the outlook on 5% to 10%. But we're clearly hugging the upper-end of that range. And you know our company's financial principles are we believe we have businesses that can grow double-digits organically. So I have increased confidence of two strong years in a row, but we're not changing the outlook yet beyond 5% to 10%. But I think it's a fair question and conversation we can have when we head into the new fiscal year as well.
Brad D. Smith: Yeah, Brad. Thanks. First of all, you're right. We didn't head off to Disneyland or Disney World. The team's already working hard for season and I'm excited to see that sort of enthusiasm. The tax season lesson, starting with fraud, it is clearly a situation. It is a massive attack on the U.S. tax system. It's not a company-specific challenge and there is nothing we take more seriously than the privacy and security of our customers' information and the privacy and security information in the tax industry. So while we continue to make advances in our own product offerings, think about multi-factor authentication, the acquisition of a company called Porticor in Israel, which is a leading security data encryption firm. And we're working with outside third parties like Mandiant, Palantir, FireEye, all those players and all those pieces are coming together. We're also at the table. We're sitting with the IRS Commissioner, with the state agencies, with our peers in the industry, and we have working groups going on as we speak to try to develop a set of standards and best practices to advance the collective safety of the entire U.S. tax system. And we have another meeting coming up in June and there will be information that the IRS Commissioner and others may choose to release after that meeting, but net-net, we are committed to this. There are lots of lessons learned as an industry. We're going to continue to raise our game and hopefully help the entire industry raise their game. The second is on ACA, the Affordable Care Act. I think the lesson learned here is that if we continue to do what we've done for three decades, make things that could be complicated sample. They do not become an event for change, they actually become a catalyst for growth. A great example is we've studied really hard what happened in Massachusetts, when at the time Governor Romney introduced a version of this. We learned from those situations and those behaviors and we took action. And so while many thought that this would drive behavior shift from do-it-yourself to assisted, we thought it would be a catalyst, and so our teams worked really hard to make it simple. And a proof point was, this year one of the highest converting sections of turbotax.com from traffic into an actual customer was the Affordable Care Act section. Our team nailed it. And so, that's why the digital category grew 6% and I think the assisted category, again, was roughly flat. Now we know next year, there's going to be another big step forward. The penalties go up 2x, everyone has to have proof of insurance and we're already working on that as well. We refuse to make that a reason for customers to lose confidence and we're going to bring our A-game and try to continue to push it forward. So the lessons are courage isn't the absence of fear, it's the willingness to stand up and face it. The Affordable Care Act was a boogeyman and it remains a boogeyman and we're standing up and we're facing it and I think we're helping customers through it pretty well.
Brad D. Smith: Yeah. Well, Scott, first of all, I don't want to raise anybody's expectations that we're changing the 5% to 10% outlook. I think the question was fair when you were at 9% and you had a couple of things this year that could've made it double-digits out. But that being said, as operators, we're very bullish on the do-it-yourself tax business. First of all, there has been a question for a few years that is there any opportunity to expand the TAM, the total addressable market. And we said, look, there are 148 million people who file tax returns, about 50 million do software, we think there is. And if you look at the fact that you have new filers coming into the category every year, 3 million to 5 million. This year, we actually outperformed versus our forecast on getting our fair share of those new filers. The second is we were able to take share from the assisted category, which has been a question. And we've taken several points of share over the last two years and that's from the data reported by the IRS when you look at all the data that's out there. And so this category has opportunity. The neat thing about Absolute Zero is it's pretty much impossible for anyone to price lower than free federal and free state. But what is hard is to figure out how to do that and turn that into a paying customer. And we've got a lot of work and a lot of experience that's helped us do that. And so we're getting much wiser at using that kind of a tool to expand the TAM and then really good at or much better getting monetization programs whether it's attached services or new bundles to turn those into paying customers and that's the bullishness that you hear us talking about, that's what's the product innovations. So we'll talk more in the fall about what does that mean to the long-term outlook, but right now, I like these last two years and I like the momentum that team has built, and I really have confidence that our tax business has a lot of upside as we look ahead.
Brad D. Smith: Yeah, Greg, what we're seeing right now is the retention rates are in mid to high 70%s. We're improving the retention rates on a cohort basis, as you get payroll and payment attach rates, the more services that you sign up for the stickier you become. Obviously, the product continues to get stronger, the new version, which we call Harmony, which continues to get more feature functionality on it, just adds more reasons for customers to stay. So right now, when you put it together in the U.S. it's in that mid to high 70%s, is the retention rate for QBO.
Brad D. Smith: Oh, I see. So kind of referring to the mistake we made this year where we've tried to move feature functionality to match what we had in online and we had obviously some upset customers. No, we learned our lesson on that one, Jim. And what we learned is, the TurboTax Online customers have a very different expectation and a set of experiences they want. Our TurboTax Desktop customers, many of them began with letters that say, I've been using this product for 20 years. They want a great product that does exactly what they want it to do and they don't want a whole lot of changes to it unless it's going to make it easier for them. And so, we're not going to be trying to mirror image TurboTax Online and TurboTax Desktop. We're going to make sure we deliver the best experience for the customer on whichever platform they want.
Brad D. Smith: Yeah, I would just – at a high level without giving out too many of the secret that I know, our marketing team would tell me, please don't talk too much about this stuff. I would say, first of all, this was a very competitive tax season. Very, very good competition that we're always up against and they brought their A-game. They improved their products. There was aggressive spend in advertizing and marketing. There was aggressive pricing promotions out there and even when we had the issue that we created for ourselves with the desktop product, our team stood in there and really had a good season. And one of the things I would say is, despite the fact that we did not spend to the level that we believe some of the competitors did, we actually held share in traffic and improved market share in terms of conversion into paid customers. And so we have a more efficient program because our message speaks to the end user. Don't be afraid of taxes, don't be afraid of the Affordable Care Act, it's amazing what you're capable of. It's simply yes and no answers to questions and then you will be able to get your taxes done and keep more money in your pocket. That resonated last year, that resonated this year and we think we're going to continue to help empower the end user, so they believe in themselves next year as well.
Brad D. Smith: Yeah, David, I'll talk about it. As an overall philosophy, we don't want to, at this point, start talking about our processing lineup for the next year. It's a very competitive market out there. But I would say overall, we've learned some important lessons about pricing and it really comes down to price value. So we tend to have the entry level price for all of our products as free; either free TurboTax or an extended period or a trail period in QuickBooks Online. But we also have learned that we can introduce additional services that we refer to as attached services and those attached services customers resonate with the value proposition and they go ahead and they add those on and it gets an increased revenue per customer. On the upper-end of our product lineup, we start to run into much higher price competitors and that's where we can tend to take some price, so QuickBooks Enterprise, for example. It's about the third the price of the midmarket ERP, so we're able to take a little more price there. When you get up to the upper-end of TurboTax, the next alternative is going to a tax store and paying a couple of hundred dollars. So we're able to take a little price there. So we really have surgical pricing. We never get undercut on the low-end. We're getting smarter to monetize with attached services in the middle and we take price where we've earned the right to do that against higher price competitors on the high-end and that tended to be the philosophy that's worked for us.
Brad D. Smith: Yeah, Michael, I would tell you, first of all, you know these numbers well and you and I'll talk about this stuff when we do our one-on-ones. We're down to 5 million, 6 million, I think, in total that the IRS says are out there in paper. When you look at the source of new customers we have, because we're able to tell what you did, we're able to see if you used another software package, you went to a store, you went to a CPA or you're on paper. This growth in do-it-yourself is not coming just from paper. It is a secular trend towards digital and, in fact, we've taken 3 points of the category to do-it-yourself or, as you've said, the self-prepared category has taken 3 points of share away from the assisted category over the last two years. And I think that's a fundamental belief that ultimately plays out because new tax filers come in and they're much more comfortable with technology these days. We have value proposition like Absolute Zero as well as easier to use products that can import your data for you, so you don't have to do any work. That's actually telling people, wow, I could get this done at a much lower price than if I go to a tax store. And those are the realities and I think, by the way, they play out even in our competitors' numbers. If you look at their own mix, whether they own stores and they also have software, look at which of their businesses are growing faster in terms of returns and you can see the digital business are growing faster than the assisted prepared and I think that's just a secular trend that's going to continue.
Brad D. Smith: Yeah. I liked the term, Mike. No, we haven't broken that level of detail out. As we get into the September Analyst Day, we'll tend to share a little more information around some of those pieces. But, at this point, no, we didn't share any of that data.
Brad D. Smith: All right. Well, I'm going to thank everybody for your questions and your comments. We're heading into the home stretch of this fiscal year and we really like our position. We feel our financial results are strong and we're coming off one of the best quarters in our history. And while this momentum really feels good, we're certainly not resting on our laurels or as someone said earlier, we haven't let the teams go off to Disneyland or Disney World. They're so fired up they're already ready for next season. And as we look to our fourth quarter and beyond, Neil and I are really encouraged by the steps that we're taking to further strengthen the position in all of our businesses and functions. So with that, I really want to thank you for your time today and we want to wish everybody a good and restful Memorial Day weekend. Thanks a lot.
R. Neil Williams: Hi, Ross. This is Neil. You're exactly right. We have been watching the desktop sales quite aggressively and, as Brad mentioned, the migration story hasn't been quite as robust as we might have planned and included in our expectations. On the other hand, we don't see those desktop customers going anywhere else either. So, as you know, for those who've used our products, they can choose when they want to upgrade and when they choose to do that. We've tested different price points throughout this year to determine if we can influence what we call, eager upgraders; those people who upgrade their desktop solution more frequently than every three years and 36 months. And we've seen some encouraging signs more recently, but to the broader point, as we've said all along, we expect the desktop units to decline around 20%, 25% per year. And so what we've seen so far has been pretty well within our expectations and guidance. We just haven't seen as many convert over to QBO yet as we would've expected. So we're testing some different price points, as Brad said, we want to be sure that customers who are using QuickBooks, whether their using desktop or online, are using the absolute best product, the best solution, and that we make it easy for them to make that choice and getting the product.
R. Neil Williams: The main thing that I rely on, Ross, is just our own communication with those customers, survey data, input we get through our call center and through our care support agents, is what leads me to feel comfortable about that.
R. Neil Williams: Yeah. It's certainly one of the tools in the tool box when we think about capital allocation and how to invest and spend going forward. We're still pretty early as a divided payer and we brought the dividend amount up aggressively over the last couple of years. We'll review our plan overall with the board in July and talk about a number of things around capital allocation, see where it goes and see where it goes from there. But you're right, the predictability and visibility into our cash flows and cash position is pretty strong. Free cash flow of the company is doing great. And so we'll see how that allocates between internal investment, opportunities to grow inorganically and the share repurchase and dividend. They're all – I like to think of them as levers we can use to return cash to shareholders and grow the business.
R. Neil Williams: Yeah. I think what you see in there is the $35 million divot we had this year; part of that on the revenue side for the desktop lineup and part of it for a care cost around security and privacy. Those things hit us kind of after we had our plan baked for this year and already made some other commitments. As we think about next year and going forward, we included that in our resource allocation expectations going forward. And so, yeah, that's how we think about that. It's clearly outstanding for us to perform as well as we did with the headwinds we had.
R. Neil Williams: Sure, Scott. I think most of the issue around the fourth quarter is just difficulty in modeling it out and hard for people to understand how the ratable impacts are going to flow through the full year. We're not anticipating any substantial investments in Consumer Tax in Q4 beyond what we have baked into our normal regular plan or things like that. So fourth quarter is kind of light for us. But I think the only – the biggest difference there between what a lot of people had in their models and what we're guiding to today, is really just been a difficulty of understanding the ratable impacts through the full year. The comment I made about investments in Consumer Tax is just primarily an explanation for why we're able to raise our revenue guidance for the full year with operating income remaining in the same range. That $35 million I just mentioned certainly has an impact on that and flows through at a pretty significant rate to operating income. So that's a big change in that area.
R. Neil Williams: No. It was $30 million gross, so it wasn't that impactful overall. It wasn't material to us in terms of operating income or EPS.
