Sasan Goodarzi: Great. Thank you, Kim. During our busiest season of the year, we are seeing continued momentum across the company given our strategy of being an AI-driven expert platform that is powering the prosperities for consumers and small businesses. I'm proud of what the team has accomplished this quarter, and I'm excited about the opportunities ahead to find new innovative ways to serve our more than 100 million customers. Now let's open it up to your questions.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure, Scott. I would tell you, it's nothing unusual. Every year, I've been with the company 17 years and ran the TurboTax business for 3 years and every day -- every year, there seems to be a shift of consumer behavior shifting later and later in the year -- in the tax year. And primarily, it's because they know that they can. And especially now, I would say, with the fact that you can get access to an expert through our services versus relying on an in-person assistance and/or you can do it yourself, it's just consumer behavior shifting. I wouldn't read anything into it. It's not unusual. It is a trend that's been happening for years and it's continued this year.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, yes. For sure. Well, first of all, let me start with what Kim stated, the point Kim was trying to make was twofold. One, the fact that it is early in the season, but we are really happy with the fact that we are, in fact, taking share and that share that we are taking, we're just being explicit excludes those that filed in the Free File program. We'll see throughout season if some of those folks come back to us, which would be great. But that was really her comment. What you should take away is the way we keep score, which is our total share increasing as a total part of IRS returns, we are increasing share, and we're happy with our progress. Two, in terms of your question around investors, I would just say that as we've talked about often, there are really -- if I were to simplify 2 big strategic focus areas for us. One is really to fundamentally, make it easier for those that need assistance to get their taxes done through TurboTax Live. And then two, we are focused on 3 underpenetrated segments, investors, LatinX and those that are self-employed. And we feel good about the way the season has started, the way it's trending and given that there are simply is more people that have personally done stock trades, whether it's a stock or it's cryptocurrencies, we feel we're very well positioned with not only the experience that we have improved and how easy we make it for you to bring in your trade, but also the fact that we have an expert that -- are experts in this specific area around trading in cryptocurrency. And we've also upped our game in terms of how we are raising market awareness. We're being very clear that for those that have done trades, whether it's with cryptocurrencies or otherwise, we've got our experts that know and understand your situation, and we're delivering great experiences for them for those that are coming in. So we're very excited about our progress, and we're excited about the rest of the season as it relates to all 3 of those segments and particularly the investor segment that you asked about.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Sterling, thank you for your question. The short answer is no. We -- things are playing out the way we had assumed, which is both a combination of really going after the assisted segment, along with the 3 underpenetrated segments that I just mentioned and thus far, it's playing out as we'd assumed. So no change in our assumptions based on everything that we are seeing with our KPIs.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. We don't really see an impact with rising interest rates, and I'll put it in 2 dimensions. One is consumers are always looking to access financial products, whether it's credit cards, personal loans, mortgage, auto loans, insurance, et cetera. So the demand continues, whether the interest rates are high or low because they're looking to access financial products. And two, financial institutions continue to invest even in a high interest rate market, especially in our platform because, in essence, their conversion is much higher on our platform because of Lightbox. And that's, by the way, why the demand will continue to be higher on our platform given that we have the Lightbox technology that really delivers a personalized financial product that's right for you at the lowest rate. So that's really one element. And I think the other element I would just remind us of is we are extremely low shared when you -- if I just use personal loans and credit cards as an example, what we shared at Investor Day, we have less than 5% share. So the more we continue to make a perfect match delivering personalized experiences for consumers, the more they're going to come on our platform, which is what we're seeing. And then the more financial institutions will invest in ensuring that their credit models on our Lightbox because they ultimately increase their conversion and their return on investment. So again, that was a long answer to your short question, I wanted to unpack it, but we don't see an impact of the demand is going to be there. And right now, financial institutions are really continuing to see a better trajectory than they did even a year or 2 years ago being on our platform.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure, Kash. Great question. First of all, petrified or not, you're going to have to get your taxes done by April 15. That's a wonderful...
Sasan Goodarzi: Wonderful reason for us being in the tax business, slow-forming or not, taxes will get done by April 18. With that said, to answer your question, I'll start at the highest level and do maybe a couple of double clicks. One, one of the many reasons why we are so excited about the Small Business opportunities, it is a very, very large TAM. And our penetration in that total customer TAM is still well below 10% when you look at the number of customers we have and the addressable market in the countries that we are in. So one, penetration is low, which is a big fuel for current growth and our continued growth. The second is even within the customers that we have, our penetration of the services that they use, which are primarily manual, is even lower. So if you start at the top with low penetration, both customer TAM and then services TAM because it's primarily manual, it's not yet digital, if one paints the factual picture of how large the opportunity is. I think then secondly, you asked the question about our aspiration, and I mean this very intentionally. Our aspiration is that we want every customer on our platform to be able to use the services that we have, and we want 100% of the customers to use 100% of the services as long as it is relevant to them, which is why our quest has continued to make it drop-dead easy for customers to use our services. Which I think gets to the third point, and we are such a different company than even a year ago than 2 years ago, we truly have a very powerful network and ecosystem of services from managing your money in and money out, and helping you get organized on accounting to helping you with payments, both receiving and sending payments to not only payrolls but ultimately benefits that we offer employees to then lending capabilities. And then ultimately, all the capabilities that we are -- we now have and are integrating to be able to help you grow your business to put your business online, market your business and all the CRM capabilities. So we truly now have a suite of services to fuel the success of small businesses. And the reason we're seeing the services growth is because small businesses are seeing that by being on our platform and digitizing everything, it actually not only helps them grow, that helps them manage their cash and put more money in their pocket, but it helps them understand the profitability of their customers. And then the last thing I would say is actually what you just raised, which is very well positioned versus even where we were a couple of years ago in that we are not going upmarket to serve mid-market with QuickBooks Advanced. With that comes a 4x higher ARPC because they use more of the services that we have. And with QuickBooks Live, although very, very early days, because you're in essence engaging with advice and an expert, we are seeing hiring engagement in services than if you don't use those services. So when you take all of that into account, I think the headline is large TAM, low penetration. We've got the services that we need on our platform, and it's really about just delivering for our customers, and we have years of growth ahead of us. Thanks, Kash. And do your taxes by April 15. 
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Siti, thank you for your question. First of all, I'll start by reminding all of us that the way we want you all to think about the model to make it simplistic is that we expect to grow new customers between 10% to 20%. And we expect to grow our ARPC between 10% to 20%, and that's ultimately how we will achieve -- achieving the online revenue growth, ecosystem revenue growth of 30% plus. So new customer acquisition is important to us, and we have many ways now to do it, both from serving the lower end of the market, which is, in essence, with QuickBooks Checking all the way to the top end of the market with QuickBooks Advanced, which serves the mid-market customers. The -- and as I mentioned just a moment ago, we have a very large TAM with low penetration. The new customer comment that I made was in context of QuickBooks Live. We are now, I think, in our third year in QuickBooks Slide. We've worked really hard to understand our customers' needs and get the product market fit. And just in the month of January, which is where the really, the busy season started, we saw some of our best weeks of customer acquisition. And which means, one, we're proud. Two, we're learning a ton, which positions us not only for the months to come, but for next year. And lastly, regarding new business formation, ultimately, the businesses that start using us are a bit more established. So we don't really rely on these business formations, although it's in the long term good for us because ultimately, all roads lead to QuickBooks platform especially now that we have capabilities to grow your business and run your business. But we don't get impacted significantly one way or the other with near-term new business formations. It's more established businesses.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Keith, thank you for your question. And let me parse it into 2 pieces. One, I'll just remind us that when you look at the total small business market that we serve, which is up to 100 employees, almost 70% of those businesses are service-based businesses and about 30% are product-based businesses. And frankly, what we've seen, which is why I was intentional about putting this in my opening remarks, with the combination of what happened in COVID where everybody got stuck at home, and what's happening with inflation and supply chain issues, which doesn't really overall impact our service base business as much, it's more of the product-based businesses. There's just a shift to digitization because ultimately, small businesses see that they can be much more effective, much more efficient in running their business on our platform, and in fact, expanding the services that they use to digitize everything. So we are actually seeing that this environment, although none of us want to these supply chain issues, none of us want to see geopolitical issues. It is actually -- from a health standpoint, there's acceleration to I want to use digital platform. So that's, first and foremost, what we're seeing. And just to remember that the majority of our revenue is in the U.S. And although our aspirations are to be much, much more global, and we have 30% of our QuickBooks space outside of the U.S. the macro issues that impact -- that we got impacted with relative to COVID are already baked into what we see internationally. And so the strength of what we're talking about is based on the fact that small businesses again, see this as an opportunity to digitize and we just think it's the beginning of it. It is a secular shift.  Let me actually answer your second question around guidance. We -- as I mentioned in my remarks, we are seeing strength in Small Business and in Credit Karma. And we actually are not seeing a tapering that we initially thought we would see in Credit Karma. So there's strength across every segment of the company. And that includes tax. It's just a slower-forming season. And with that said, as you know, we raised our guidance in the first quarter of the year, which is very, very unlike us. And we simply just want to get through tax season, and we'll relook at our guidance next quarter. But we are continuing to see strength in all the segments.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Keith, in general, I would not pay too much attention to the ups or downs in our margins by segment. We truly manage the company margins at the company level -- and we not just -- we don't manage it just for the sake of managing it at the company level. The number of investments that we make across the platform to fuel our innovation forces us to really think holistically to ensure that we don't short-change any segment at the company level. So if it's too high 1 quarter, I wouldn't get too excited. If it's low 1 quarter, I wouldn't wonder why it's low. We managed it at the company level. And as you know, we've been expanding margins and it's built into our guidance. And I feel good about our margin expansion. I just wouldn't pay too much attention to the segment level.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Brad, thank you for your question. I'll tell you, I'm starting to lose count, but I think this is our fourth year with TurboTax Live and as you know, this year, we are -- TurboTax is truly a platform. You can bounce back and forth between the platform from doing it yourself to getting access to an expert to help you in any which way you want to ultimately doing your taxes for you. And really where we've upped our game this year, which is a true differentiator to get folks to switch is the expertise of the experts. Because ultimately, what customers care about is if I'm a plumber or if I'm an investor or if I'm self-employed, if I worked in 2, 3 states, I want to know that you understand my situation, which is why we've invested so much time not only in improving that matching by applying AI, but also making sure that the collaboration experience is seamless because a lot of this advice can also be done through AI. That was a long way to answer your question. We are bullish about TurboTax Live. We are bullish about the 10 million customers that have churned within the assisted category. What we talked about at Investor Day last year, which is 17 million people that started TurboTax but never finished. And we like what we see, and we'll report out on where it all ended in our earnings in May. But it's playing a big role in what we would expect, both going after assisted, but also going after the underpenetrated segments, which actually look to assistance more than otherwise.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, yes, for sure, Brad. Let me parse it into 2 parts. One, what we talked about relative to last year was that our overall retention rates in Small Business were actually up full stop. What I -- the comment that I made in our opening remarks was that we're seeing a lot of goodness in QuickBooks Live, both in the start of the season, both in terms of new customer acquisitions where we've had record weeks and for the cohort of customers that we are focused on in certain segments, our retention is up in QuickBooks Live. And both of those are really, really important because we want to not only acquire the customers, but deliver the service that they need so they stay with us and come back, and that was -- that was the point I alluded to in the remarks.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, yes. Sure, Kirk. So let me just quickly touch on these 3 priorities that we have that we're maniacally focused on.  One is to create this growth platform where really the magic is what we do behind the scenes with the data. It's combining the customer data, along with the purchase data to really help them understand where to target, where they can grow wallet share what the profitability of their customers are, et cetera. And that's extremely powerful for our customers, not only to grow the services within our overall platform, but also to acquire new customers because the reality is we will be the only platform that has this capability in one place.  The second is to position ourselves together to pursue mid-market because this is even a bigger need as you could imagine, in mid-market. And then third, half of their business is outside of the U.S. And frankly, other than having a wonderful drop-dead easy platform you haven't spent a lot of efforts internationally, and we are doubling down international.  To answer your question on several months in, we're more excited about the capabilities of what is possible than we were even before and are even more intentional about the work that we need to do to bring these 3 priorities to life. If I were to paint a sort of general picture, I would say we'll probably be in a place in about a year where we're really seeing the impact of the momentum of these priorities as it relates to our outcomes and our results because we've inserted in Mailchimp some of our best product people that really understand QuickBooks, really understand this space that are building out the platform with, of course, the Mailchimp engineers, which are all part of Intuit. And we think getting this right and we know how to get it right, we think about a year or so, we'll start seeing the impact of the priorities that we are focused on. The good news is we know how to do it, and there's no surprises there.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Great. Thank you for your question, Michael. I'll start with the latter one first. And I think it was really importantly stated it in your question. We have very powerful brands that our customers love and use, Mailchimp, TurboTax, Credit Karma and QuickBooks. And our intent is to really from a brand perspective, convey that they are connected and connected means that you get more benefit as a customer and the power of those benefits in really fueling your success as an individual or as a business. So all that means is the brands are powerful, the brands are not going to go away. It's about how we invest to make the connection in the minds of customers that this is all Intuit and by the way, here's why you should care. The second element around the campaigns, it's -- it's early, but we're actually -- and my comments specifically around TurboTax as I assume that's what you were asking about if it's broader, please come back and ask the other elements of your question. We're really pleased with our campaign so far this year. And our intent going in was to really communicate this year that we have experts that understand your situation. If you look at our campaigns, both on-air and digitally, you'll see things around communicating to those that are self-employed, communicating to those that have moved multiple states, communicating to those that have made investments in helping them understand no matter what your situation is, we have an expert that can help your situation. And we've invested heavily in not only who we bring on board, but also our AI capabilities, not only to make that perfect match but also to deliver insights to those experts to make them much more effective and productive so we can do things at scale. So the consideration, awareness and understanding of what we're trying to communicate, so far has been very well received. And then, of course, we'll know more as we go through season. That's about just our results, but we do a lot of mix -- marketing mix modeling work to understand what was effective, how can we improve our game going forward. And we did this across the company, but we'll better understand the impact with data. So far, the qualitatively and early data has been very positive.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Ken, great question. Let me just say it's twofold. One, we've gone in really big within TurboTax exposing TurboTax customers to Credit Karma where they can put their refund on a Credit Karma Money account, where they will get 5 days early access and really tax time, it's all about the money. And then these folks become new Credit Karma members and that we can expose them to the Credit Karma platform. We're really pleased with where that's going and the progress that we made. Of course, I won't share any stats with you, but we are -- I'll just leave it as we're very pleased. The second is last year, it almost wasn't even a trial year in Credit Karma. We sort of threw in TurboTax into the Credit Karma app. This year is really the first year where TurboTax, you can actually get your taxes done within the Credit Karma app. And for most cases, you don't actually have to go to TurboTax, which is a far, far better experience. We're getting wonderful learnings and adjusting real-time. We are, for the long term, really bullish about the -- not only all TurboTax customers using Credit Karma, but hopefully getting all Credit Karma members that already don't do their taxes with TurboTax, the BA TurboTax users. So, so far, we love what we're learning, the adjustments that we're making, and we continue to remain very bullish about just the whole prospect of why we're doing the integration between these 2 platforms and the impact that it's having for our members and TurboTax customers.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure, Alex. Very good question. So first of all, I'll start with the obvious, which is overall, Small Business grew 24%. This is all excluding Mailchimp. And our Online Ecosystem revenue growth grew 37%. And as you know, our goal is to grow over 30%. So we actually had a extremely strong quarters. So I'm not sure what the sequential number is that you were throwing out there, but we had a very, very strong quarter, well above our 30% mark. And it's based on strength in volume and the mix of customers that are coming in and particularly the services that they are using across payments, payroll, time tracking and QuickBooks Capital. And as I mentioned earlier, we expect to continue to see strength in Small Business and Credit Karma in the second half of the year. We don't expect a tapering. And as I mentioned earlier, we just really want to get through tax season and talk about our guidance after the quarter. So I wouldn't read anything into the fact that Small Business is going to taper. I would say, focused on our compass, which is we want to grow north of 30% with our Online Ecosystem revenue and we actually are seeing great strength.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Alex, the -- strategically, the biggest area that we've been focused on has been really integrating Credit Karma into the TurboTax experience and then vice versa. So what that means is if you're a TurboTax customer at the end, one of the first options that you get is to put your refund on a Credit Karma Money account. And as I mentioned a moment ago, that was a strategic thesis that we had, and it's going really well. And these become new Credit Karma members and then we can expose other benefits on the Credit Karma platform to those customers. The second is building out within the Credit Karma app the TurboTax experience and contextually engaging customers with helping them get their taxes done. And to say we're in the early days is interesting, right, because we're only a year in. We like the progress that we're seeing, and that's the area where we're more than doubling down because we're literally only a year-end, and there's just so much opportunity ahead of us, and we're actually seeing the green shoots. The other, Alex, is integrating Credit Karma as part of the payroll platform. So if you want to ultimately get earlier access to your money, you can put your money on a Credit Karma Money account, that's another area. But the primary focus has been creating this one consumer platform between TurboTax and Credit Karma.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, sure, Brent. As we always do, we have pricing principles, and we run a lot of tests, and there are multiple holistic things that we did in our lineup this year. And let me start with where you didn't ask the question because it's relevant to the overall answer to your question. One, for our free customers, we actually expanded it to include student loans for free and refund transfer for free. That was one very important decision that we made. When we looked at our TurboTax Live platform to continue to really accelerate bringing more customers into the category from prior assisted, we also, for simple filers, announce, you can do it anyway you wish, do it yourself or with a live platform for a certain time period and you pay nothing. And we like the progress and the impact that we're seeing there. The third is we ran a lot of tests for TurboTax Live and particularly full service and what we learned in some ways, unsurprisingly, is price is not a big factor. It's about confidence and access to an expertise. And what we realized is having early season pricing and then later season pricing didn't really have much of an impact. So one, there is no early or late season pricing. It's one flat pricing. And two, we had a lot of room to move up on pricing, and we made a decision based on a lot of testing to move the price up. So those were a few strategic decisions that we've made. And as we back-test our decisions, it's playing out exactly as we thought, which is these are not really that price-sensitive customers, although they love our price versus other alternatives. It's more, can I get access to the expert that I want? And can I get -- confidently have somebody to get my taxes done for me? And that's what we're seeing.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. I think I'll just say 2 things. One, these are resilient customers and they continue to love their Desktop products, and they always surprise us relative to wanting to come back to desktop. And really, that's a simple answer to your question on what we continue to see. I think the second thing that we're very excited about and so I would say our -- the majority of our customers is really moving to a subscription-based approach where they can leverage a lot of the services that we now create in the cloud, and that will drive even a higher subscription element of our business and it will also give our customers the ability to access more features and functionalities and that's something that we started rolling out this year and will be primarily subscription-based as we look into the future.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Kartik, thanks for your question. If you recall, probably a couple of quarters ago, Michelle and I both talked about the fact that we expect a tapering of originations in the second half of the year, we would expect to continue to see strength because of our execution and because of Lightbox and the fact that we really deliver personalized experiences, which is good for members and good for partners, but we expect a tapering of origination. And we haven't seen the type of tapering that we thought we would see, which is why we continue to see the strength that we're experiencing and what we would expect in the second half of the year.
Sasan Goodarzi: Part of our playbook is, as a company is we do a lot of scenario planning customer back, and it's really primarily focused on making sure we're obsessed with our customers and what other alternatives could be presented to our customers that could be far more compelling. So just as part of our playbook, we do that quite well, and we particularly are probably one of the best at it across the company in tax. So just know that, that is part of our playbook. And I would just tell you that this year, we've probably been the least surprised. And so no, it is not -- there's no surprises that's informing anything differently that we're doing the rest of the season.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Thanks, Brad. The very short answer is absolutely. We actually, believe it or not, feel the best this year than we have in prior years just because we've gotten so good at what we need to do. We're several years into this and because many experts actually want to be on our platform. So we are absolutely fine on hiring.
Sasan Goodarzi: All right. Excellent. Well, listen, everyone, thank you so much for all of your wonderful questions. Be safe out there. Take good care of yourselves, and we look forward to talking to you in May. Thank you, everybody.
