R. Neil Williams: Thanks, Brad. Let's start with overall company results. For the third quarter of fiscal 2013, we delivered revenue of $2.2 billion, up 13%; non-GAAP operating income of $1.4 billion, up 17%; GAAP operating income of $1.2 billion, up 12%; non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.97, up 18%; and GAAP earnings per share of $2.71, up 12%. Turning to the business segments. Total Small Business group revenue grew 17% in the third quarter, 12%, excluding Demandforce. Within Small Business, Financial Management Solutions revenue grew 24% for the quarter, 12%, excluding Demandforce. Customer acquisition in our Connected Services businesses continues to drive our growth. QuickBooks Online subscribers grew 26%, QuickBooks Enterprise Solutions subscribers grew 29%, Online Payroll subscribers grew 20% and Demandforce subscribers grew over 65%. In addition, QuickBooks Desktop managed well through the discounting issues we discussed last quarter, growing units slightly this quarter. Combining our active QuickBooks subscriber base with QuickBooks Desktop units sold, QuickBooks customers have grown about 4% year-to-date. Employee Management Solutions revenue grew 11% for the quarter, driven by accelerated new customer acquisition, increased revenue per customer and improved retention. Total customers grew about 3%. Payments Solutions revenue grew 13% in the third quarter. Merchants grew 12% versus last year. Merchant growth has slowed slightly as we tuned our underwriting process and payments, particularly in mobile, to balance customer acquisition with acceptable levels of profitability. Card transaction volume grew 7%. Consumer Tax revenue of $1.2 billion grew 14%. Brad has already covered the details on customers and revenue. I'd just like to point out that the margins in this business held up extremely well despite single-digit revenue growth. Accounting Professionals revenue of $2 million -- $257 million increased 9%. Our accounting tax group grew customers this season, and total efile returns grew 6%. We expect revenue growth for the year of 5% to 6%. Financial Services revenue of $99 million was up 9% for the quarter. Adjusted for Mint and the sale of our corporate banking business, Financial Services revenue grew 6%. Other Businesses revenue totaled $116 million, increasing 3%. Other Businesses revenue increased 10% when adjusted for the transfer of Mint to Financial Services. Revenue for Intuit Health was down 2% and is trending below last year. Based on these results and other factors, we have reported an impairment charge for Intuit Health, which reduced GAAP earnings per share by $0.14 in the third quarter. Turning to the balance sheet. Our financial principles and capital allocation strategy have not changed. We target double-digit organic revenue growth while growing revenue faster than expenses. We also take a disciplined approach to capital management, looking to invest the cash we generate and opportunities that yield 15%-plus return on investment. We also returned cash to shareholders via share repurchases and dividends. We repurchased $92 million of shares in the third quarter, with $1.4 billion remaining on our authorization. In addition, our Board approved a $0.17 dividend for the fiscal fourth quarter, up 13% from last year, payable on July 18, 2013. We have provided our guidance for the fourth quarter and our updated guidance for fiscal 2013 in our press release. This guidance does not include incremental costs, if any, that may result from the strategic organizational changes we announced yesterday. And with that, I'll turn it back over to Brad to close.
R. Neil Williams: I think as we look at 3 levers to grow the tax business, we look at what we spend building a product, what we spend marketing the product and what we spend in care. And I would tell you that, overall, we're very comfortable we get the right level of spend, but we're looking really, really hard at how we want to reallocate that going forward. And I think you can tell from the results that our conclusion would be that we didn't get the ROI that we would have desired or expected and investments we made last season. And so we're looking at how we spend that money differently going into next year, specifically around how we build the product, as Brad mentioned. So I don't consider anything that we spent last season necessarily locked in or our commitment going into next year.
R. Neil Williams: Yes, Greg, this is Neil. If you look back at the fourth quarter of last year, our payments growth was north of 30%, and we talked about a onetime revenue item that flowed through Q4 of last year that's obviously not going to recur this year. Other than that, all of our business segments, we think are, in the Small Business category, are very consistent with the trends you've seen this year. That one revenue item is the only exception that we called out last year in the fourth quarter, and we knew it was going to be a -- give us a tough grower for Q4 this year. That's the only oddball item.
R. Neil Williams: Sure, Scott. Our plan is to be in the market every quarter. The extent of which we're in the market is driven by other things we have going on, competing uses we may have for the cash and the capital and kind of our own expectations. And so we weren't able to be as aggressive this past quarter as we have been typically, but we've given ourselves a pretty wide band of expectations. So expect us to be in the market each quarter. But the level of may [ph] vary based on other things that are under consideration. So we'll have to wait and see.
R. Neil Williams: Yes, sure. Our primary customer in Intuit Health is an EHR provider, and they made an acquisition in our entire [ph] fiscal third quarter of a competing product, to competing offer. And that caused us to reevaluate our plans going forward and things like that. And we usually take a really conservative approach on these types of things as we evaluate our asset-carrying values each quarter. And we felt like this adjustment was the appropriate thing to do.
R. Neil Williams: Ross, just to the comment I made earlier that we've looked at the business and we feel like we've got the right investment levels, but it's how we allocated and how we spend it. And as Brad said, our first and foremost goal is always to grow customers and always grow the top line. That said, when that doesn't come through, we've demonstrated that we have things we can do to adjust to at least deliver the margins that we expect. But first and foremost, we'd much rather invest for growth when we have the opportunity.
R. Neil Williams: Yes. And to that point, Yun, this is still a business we're reinvesting heavily. So the margin improvement you're seeing in FMS really is more related to working our way through the discounting issue that we talked about with QuickBooks Desktop last quarter and seeing our revenue per customer respond appropriately as we -- on the QuickBooks side. So still investing in growth for Demandforce.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Thank you, Peter. First and foremost, we have a very strong and deep bench. And as you know, over the years, we've taken pride in moving our leaders into functional roles and different business roles to round out their experience and get them ready for bigger opportunities. And so as we approach this year, Kiran and I have been speaking for the last couple of years about his personal true north, and at that point in time, we decided -- and Kiran was very interested in talking about what he wanted to do in the next chapter. And our hope was that, that next chapter was to be with Intuit forever and ever, but at some point, he reached a point where he said, "It's time for me to retire." So he celebrated his birthday a week ago, and he said, "Now is the time." And it set up the opportunity for us to make some key organizational changes. In the case of Sasan Goodarzi, which is where your specific question was, Sasan has actually been the General Manager of many of our businesses. He led our vertical businesses several years ago in the early 2000s. He was the General Manager of our Accounting Professional division, the Pro Tax portion of tax. He was also the General Manager of our Digital Insight, our Intuit Financial Services business for several years. And we've had Sasan in the CIO role to help us move the company from shrink-wrapped software to the cloud. So what we get in Sasan is a very seasoned executive who's run multiple portions of the company's business, and he clearly understands the power of a great product, the importance of having a platform that allows data to flow freely for end users and third-party developers to help us make our products better, and he understands how to use data to make things a better outcome for customers. So he is the right leader for the next chapter of TurboTax as we put our energy into having a more personalized tax experience and building the next innovative set of products that will change the landscape for tax overall. The rest of the leaders are also well-positioned as they step into their new roles, and it's the next growth opportunity for them. But in terms of Sasan specifically for tax, his general management experience, his opportunities working in our CIO role, moving us to the cloud and working with data and now moving him into the Consumer Tax business, we think, positions him and the company for the next chapter of great.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Peter, I can. A couple of years ago, we started to see the early signs of the manual filers starting to reach a plateau in the single-digit millions. We also saw a significant opportunity for a group of people who use an assisted tax experience to say they would be open to software if the product was simple and easy for them to use and if they had enough confidence to not be feeling like they were alone if they had a question. We've been running a lot of experiments. We've been testing a lot of things. We've had tax advice. We've launched SnapTax on the mobile platform, and we started to see things that are really working and, quite frankly, some things that haven't worked as well as we had hoped. We think between 2 years ago, what we learned with the experiences we had, and then this year, what we learned started to work, we have the foundation for what we think will have a much stronger season as we look ahead next year. If I had to put a bow around what that is, it's what I talked about in the prepared remarks. It is a product that is so simple, so elegant and so easy to use and feels like it is customized for you that you don't have questions and you have no concerns about whether or not you could do your taxes on your own. That's going to be our emphasis, that's the way our franchise has built itself over the last 3 decades and that will be the energy we put into next year as well.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, I can. And what I would say is, this is the power of a strong portfolio of businesses. It was just a few years ago, in the depth of the recession, where Small Business was struggling to get to double digits, and the tax business was continuing to follow along at a good, strong double-digit rate. And what we've had in the last year -- because last year -- actually, 2 years ago, rather, H&R -- or excuse me, our TurboTax results grew 11%. This year is a single-digit grower, but our Small Business Group is growing 17%. So the company overall is healthy, and we have the ability to step back and say, "What can we do to reignite growth in all the businesses that they hit a period of time where they've actually slowed down a little bit?" And that's where we are with TurboTax. We continue to see tremendous upside and opportunity in Small Business. We do think global is a tremendous opportunity for us if we can get it right. And, quite frankly, as we look ahead next year at tax, we look at it as a multi-year effort. We clearly think we can do better than the 4% we did this year. I'm not here to tell you that in the next 12 months, we see a double-digit growth year; we'll provide guidance in August. But what we do see is a strong franchise in tax that when you put that in conjunction with our Pro Tax business, it has the potential to do many more of the nation's tax returns, and that's our focus in one of our 2 core strategic goals.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. We're still sorting through all the data as well. As you know, there's a lot of cloudiness right now around what happened in the macro with tax. I think even the IRS is working towards what they had anticipated the number of returns to be versus where it is. It looks like it's down about 1% versus growing 1% to 2%. When you look at the actual tax category, that's a part of the macro. And then when you get down into share, it looks like we did very well. And retail actually picked up about 200 basis points. And I know we always talk about online because that is the future, but retail is still 25% of the market in the units. So 200 basis points was good results. And then mobile, quite frankly, it looks like we outsold the second closest competitor, 8 to 1. When we get into online, it looks like right now, from the data we've seen, we use third-party data sources, that we had a couple of key competitors, 2 competitors who may have picked up about 0.5 point each, and then everyone else is pretty much neutral. So I would say that it's probably those 2 competitors that picked up a little bit and then everyone else pretty much had a flat year, and that would put us into the flat category as well.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, I can. We're doing this across the entire company. We know that if we can get the conversion up 50%, which is moving it from literally 2 or 3 out of 100 customers who start the product, end up using it for a second time and you move it up to the neighborhood of 3 or 4, that, that is a significant opportunity for the company across the board. As most of our products begin with a free trial, you come in, you start to use the product. And if you like it, then you move on to being a paying customer. We've seen very strong progress across our company, and QuickBooks Online continues to grow extremely well, 26% growth. The same thing with Online Payroll, up 20%. And those are all the results of making our first-time use experience very simple. We've also driven stronger attach for products like Payroll and Payments inside of QuickBooks by eliminating the redundancy of king data in [ph] and simply making it a feature that just happens inside of QuickBooks. So we're making good progress. In the case of TurboTax, probably the biggest progress was in our SnapTax offering, where we were able to use data, use the pictures that we're able to take and narrow down the number of questions and get you up and running very quickly. This year in SnapTax, we had 2.7x more people actually file their taxes through a mobile device, a phone or a tablet. And perhaps a more interesting number is almost 5 million people who filed to TurboTax this year logged in at some point through either a tablet or a phone. So we really think mobile is going to be an important chapter going forward. And this simple first use experience is going to be a key piece of that. So we're seeing progress, it's happening across all the product lines. It's a game of inches, it's a game of using data to get a lot of the work done for customers, and we think it's one of the absolute biggest levers in the company if we stay focused on it and continue to make the improvements we know we can.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, you're welcome. This is Brad. Greg, it's a big focus for us. We're still early days, but we've now moved to the third chapter of our global journey, chapter 1, 5 years ago, as we formed a separate team to be a scouting party to go out into the different markets and find which countries and which customer problems we thought we could solve. Chapter 2 was those teams then began to come back and work with the U.S. counterparts to globalize our products, and we've rewritten our products to basically be global-ready so they can be localized for different countries. We're now in chapter 3, and chapter 3 is just primarily a Small Business focus. We now have QuickBooks Online re-architected, and it's now in 100 countries since July. And we now have 27,000 customers that are paying for that product. And we like the growth trajectory. In terms of opportunity, for every Small Business we see in the United States, we see 20 outside the United States that could be potential customers who look just like the ones we have here. So there's a lot of upside opportunity. We're early days. We've got a lot to learn, but we like the trajectory right now. And if we stay focused on it, we want to see this company be much more of a global company over the next 3 to 5 years.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, down a little bit. Yes. So I would say it's more of a drag in manual. And to be honest with you, we're going to have to accelerate getting people out of the tax stores, but we did get an increase year-over-year.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. It was a disappointment for us. There's no question about it. We're better than that. We hold ourselves to higher standard. With that being said, I want to put it into context, there was a 60-minute window on April 14 where our teams were continuing to make configuration changes to the product to handle what it is, quite frankly, unprecedented volume. As you know, we had a delay to the tax season, and then we have the continuing procrastination towards April 14 and 15. So on those last 2 days, the volumes were up 81% over prior year, and our teams were making changes on the fly to make sure we continue to scale. And we had a human error. We made a configuration change that was wrong, and for 60 minutes, there was intermittent performance for some customers. It was not a material number of customers, it had no impact on our financials from what we can see. But from a reputation and our own standards, we were very disappointed in ourselves. But, quite frankly, at the end of the day, it didn't have a big impact financially.
Brad D. Smith: Gil, I really wish that I could answer this question. I hesitate to speculate. And as you might imagine, the IRS is pretty busy these days, so we haven't had the opportunity to sit down and talk to them about what their hypotheses are. I can tell you what we've started to rule out. We've looked at is it an extension, are there a lot of people filing extensions? It looks like our extensions in TurboTax are up about 10%, which is what we planned on. In the Pro Tax business, they're up about 20%. Even if those numbers played out across the industry, the total number of returns would still be down year-over-year for the IRS. Beyond that, I really can't tell you what happened here, and we're just going to have to wait until we have a good conversation as an industry with the IRS to figure out what the root cause was.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, thanks, Gil. It is something we're going to continue to engage with consumers and small businesses on. There's still a lot of unknowns and a lot of uncertainty here and, quite frankly, a lack of confidence around how the whole thing will be administered. So that debate continues. But in the meantime, we have to help people try to understand what their choices are and what decisions they might want to make, and they'll have the implications for their tax situation next year. So our teams are proactively working this. We've got a small, dedicated team and a group of experts who are helping us design these programs. We're already in dialogue with consumers and small businesses. And we'll continue to try to demystify that and make it simple for them so next year, they can move forward with their lives and not have to worry about this.
Brad D. Smith: Gil, that's not our goal. Our job is to make things that appear complicated simple. Right now, we believe that with the digital solutions we have and the programs we have in place and the natural trends we see in the market of people wanting to use digital solution, that there's no reason why that needs to be a foregone conclusion if they go to assisted. We simply need to make sure we're delivering the right answers to questions and giving them a good set of solutions to choose from. And that's going to remain our focus as we head into next year as well.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, thank you, Sterling. And I would separate the two because one is clearly a structural issue. That's the number of people filing returns with the IRS. The second, you could say, is a structural issue. But as the category champion with the 60% share online and over an 85% share in retail, we view it as our job to help people understand that software, whether it's online or on a mobile device or in a desktop software product, is a better solution. So we take accountability for growing the category. We work hard to educate consumers. If there's a better solution, that's 1/3 the price. And so we view that as an execution opportunity for us.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, we can, Sterling. I'll tell you, I'm very proud of our Payroll business and the leadership that Ginny Lee and the team have driven there. Total customers were up 3%. When you compare that with the overall competitors in the market, that is faster growth. And then you look at online growing 20% and one of the things that we are seeing is a shift in share and that shift is coming from outsourcers and into the digital solution. And one of the interesting products that is driving that shift is our full-service payroll product. It literally provides the same value proposition of the outsourcers, but it does it at 25% lower prices. And so we're starting to see a strong growth there in terms of customers coming into that product and we think that flip online is driving share shift into our category.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Scott, I can. After 2 years of having tax experts working with us and we've tried multiple things from free tax advice to having it targeted in certain areas, I would tell you, what we've learned is it works well for those who've used it. But it has not done the job in terms of helping us accelerate the shift out of tax stores and into software. Now we have multiple levers that we're looking at as we head into next year, great products, making sure we have the right tax advice at the right time, and we're going to readjust our mix as we head into next year. But right now, I would tell you, it's a mixed bag. For those people who have used it, they like it. But from what we wanted it to do, which was accelerate the category shift into software, it has not done the job by itself. And we're going to have to step back and look at other ways to make that happen.
Brad D. Smith: No, we didn't. But I'm happy to share that because -- we would tell you a couple of things, mobile payments continues to be a key growth driver for us. Units were up about 40% in the quarter. The number of new users to the franchise, we used to tell you, is roughly 70%, now closer to 80%. At the same time, as Neil described, we've been adjusting and fine-tuning our underwriting process to make sure we're getting good top line growth at the profit levels we're looking for. And so that metered a little bit of the growth. But that's been a choice on our part to make sure that we're getting the right customers into the franchise.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Kartik, honestly, we don't think it requires more marketing spend. We felt like we spent a sufficient level this year. What it does require is us getting back to our roots of understanding that the best way to change a customer's behavior is to deliver a product that is so simple that they tell everyone else they should use it. And so if we talk about readjusting our portfolio allocations, I would think a lot more about how we're going to invest and taking a step rate change forward in the product and, at the same time, making sure that we remain competitive in the marketing aspects as well. So this is not about spending more marketing. It's about making sure that the product is the key driver of marketing and letting our customers talk about our product and then support that with the right megaphone being our own marketing efforts here.
Brad D. Smith: I think, Kartik, what you're going to see is us refining our approach to how that service gets delivered. What we've discovered is there are certain customer groups at certain points in the filing process where they tend to have more questions. Our first job is to eliminate those questions completely by making that section in the product experience simple. But then the rest of it is going to be, then how can we blend in the right service to support experience so that the customers find it seamless? So I would not say that it's a complete elimination. In its current format, it has not lived up to our expectations, but we have 2 years of very good learning here. And as we approach next year, I think you'll see a different approach to how we go to market.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Forgive me for my evasiveness, Kartik, but I got lots of people here that I'm sure would love us to answer that question more explicitly, and they aren't necessarily the ones on the call. There could be other people out there. So at this point, just say that we know that there's a lot of things we can do differently, and we plan to do that as we head into next year.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Jim. This kind of goes back to a little earlier. We're talking about what we believe we see in terms of extensions being filed because you need to notify the IRS by April 15 if you plan to file an extension. And we see that in the Consumer Tax product and TurboTax, it's up about 10% year-over-year, which is pretty much what we forecasted it would be. And then on the Pro Tax products, that were certain ProSeries, it looks like it's up about 20%. Again, we've already accounted for that in our guidance for the -- both business segments. In the Pro Tax business, we'll probably see a little bit of revenue shifting into next year. So Neil mentioned that we're seeing the guidance for that business be about 5% -- 6% this year and that's because some of it will shift into October. But beyond that, we don't have anything else that we could share in terms of spillover at this point. It's up 10% in the TurboTax product, up about 20% and ProSeries and Lacerte.
Brad D. Smith: This year, I think our advertising did the job that we needed it to do. What we have to do is get back again to the product and making sure the product is very, very simple and inspires confidence, and you don't have any concerns about getting in and doing your taxes on your own. And so what we would tell you is we are looking at our agency next year. We do think that there's a different way to go to market. But the most important emphasis we'll have going into next year is a product that continues to inspire confidence and gets people talking about it. So that's where the biggest energy will be as we head into the next season, Jim.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Yun. It was not as successful as we wanted it to be. We were able to get people out of tax stores at a higher rate than last year but not at the rate that we had anticipated. And it's why we're talking about making some adjustments next year. And we do think there is a way to get people out of tax stores. We've seen through some of the experiments we did this year that if you have a product that's extremely compelling and doesn't have an onerous interview process, that you can really make some big changes in terms of customers' behaviors. And so as we look ahead to next year, we're going to be looking hard at how we can take those learnings and build that into our experience that we deliver for customers. So we still remain confident there's 40 million people out there that have relatively simple returns that are paying way too much, that we think we can deliver a better solution for them. And we're going to do that as we head into next year.
Brad D. Smith: We believe both can be true. It's a major focus area for us. That's why one of our 2 core goals is to make QuickBooks and our related products, the Small Business operating system around the world. Our Small Business Group has an objective that we shared at the Investor Day that we want to make sure we grow that customer base, and a large portion of that will come from outside the U.S. And that's where we're making the investment. But we believe we can do that with rigorous capital allocation and that we continue to grow revenue faster than expenses and continue to get the operating leverage that you've come to expect from us.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Thank you, Jen. First of all, what's important is to understand that every organization design, you try to balance the tension between what you don't want to break in terms of an alignment experience with how do I get intense focus on the 1 or 2 biggest opportunities in front of us. And in the Small Business space, we have a group of very seasoned leaders who are good at working collaboratively regardless whether they all work in one business unit or they work in a couple. So just to make sure we keep that alignment clear, all the Small Business leaders have the same goal, and that is to double our Small Business active user base over the next several years. The second thing we're doing is we're making sure that we do not break the customer experience. And so in the Financial Solutions business, being led by Dan Wernikoff, he's responsible for having a harmonized product experience across all the Small Business offerings so they look and feel the same, there's a seamless unlock, it feels like you're part of the same company. In the other part of the Small Business Group led by Dan Maurer, they're doing the same thing with sales and marketing and customer support. So we have a seamless product, marketing and customer service experience. Now why we split them apart is because if we look at going global, the kernel or the core of that ecosystem is financial management. And Small Businesses define that as money in and money out. We call that QuickBooks and Payments. And so those 2 put together become the core of our operating system around the globe. And as you all know, our Payments penetration into QuickBooks today is about 6%, and that's compared to our Payroll penetration, which is much higher. And so we think by putting these together, we will not only accelerate Payments penetration into QuickBooks, but we will also give us the foundation to go globally much faster. The other ecosystem, which includes Demandforce, our Payroll services and QuickBase, those businesses will continue to rely on QuickBooks for customers, but they also have their own ecosystem. For example, our Payroll customers today, 1.3 million of them, have 15 million employees that they paid W-2s to. Those employees happen to be consumers that could use Mint and TurboTax and lots of other products. And so they've become an ecosystem in and of themselves. So the reason why we split them apart is we wanted to make sure we could get real focus on QuickBooks and Payments around the globe and that we could also look at the ecosystem products that we'll continue to sell into QuickBooks but could also start to build out some of their own attach services. And we think by getting that focus but keeping them aligned against the common goal, we'll get the best of both worlds.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, James, thank you for that question. And I agree, that seems to be the sentiment out there, and we fundamentally disagree with it. The sentiment is because there's an implication that things get complicated, people are going to go somewhere to get help. If that were the case, taxes have been complicated for as many years as we can think about. And if you look at the only category that has grown in the last 10 years and even this season, digital grew 3% and tax stores were down between 1% and 2% according to the IRS; complexity does not lead people to go talk to a human being. It is the company's job to make it simple, and that's the job we've been in for 30 years, to make complicated things simple. So we fundamentally don't believe in the premise. I think there are some good stories out there in the market that some people are buying into, and we'll have to just prove that we have a different story to tell them. And that will be our message as we go into next year, to make complicated things simple. And we can look at tax as a great example. Complexity does not always lead you to a human being.
Brad D. Smith: We do. Absolutely. It'll be our job to make sure that anything that gets administered through the tax code can be handled in our software and for us to make it so simple that you don't have any questions or concerns about it.
Brad D. Smith: That's something we'll have to figure out as we get closer to understanding how the program will actually be implemented. Right now, the most important thing we want to do is give 145 million potential tax filers confidence that they could use software to handle this. And if that leads to either more customers or greater revenue per customer, we'll work that out over time.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. On the retention side, Kash, it really comes back to making sure we delivered a great experience in the season and then making it easy for you to know when you come back next year that all the data and the information that you plugged in this year is waiting for you. And then we have smart insights and recommendations to help you make better decisions if you do your tax return next year. So we've done some really good work this season to make sure that we understand the data and to begin to make smart recommendations for you if you come back and file your returns with TurboTax next year. And we think that will lead to good retention results. In terms of the org change, we talked a little bit earlier about Sasan Goodarzi moving in to tax. Sasan has been a seasoned General Manager for us. He's run multiple businesses, from software verticals in the early 2000s to our Pro Tax business for a couple of years, to IFS, which is Digital Insight, and most recently, as our Chief Information Officer, moving us from shrink-wrapped software to the cloud and working closely with our data services team to understand how data can make products more compelling. So he is absolutely the right guy to move into tax and build on the great foundation of his predecessor and take the game to the next level as we put more energy into our tax product.
Brad D. Smith: I do, Said. Thank you. And I want to thank everybody for their questions. I know we covered a lot of ground today. Hopefully, the message is more clear. Personally, we view this as a very exciting time at Intuit, as we're taking a bold step into the next chapter. We're making these changes from a position of strength. We think it's going to further accelerate our progress. And we're really looking forward to sharing our progress with each of you as we talk again in the coming days and months. And looking forward to putting more points on the board. So thanks for your time, and everyone, have a great Memorial Day weekend.
