R. Neil Williams: Thanks, Brad. Let's start with overall company results. For the second quarter of fiscal 2014, we delivered revenue of $782 million, non-GAAP operating income of $17 million, GAAP operating loss of $46 million, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.02 and a GAAP loss per share of $0.13. Turning to the business segments, total Small Business group revenue grew 8% in the second quarter. Small Business Financial Solutions revenue grew 5%. QuickBooks revenue grew 12%; while payments revenue was flat. Customer acquisition in our online ecosystem continues to drive growth. QuickBooks Online subscribers grew 30%, accelerating from the first quarter; QuickBooks Desktop subscribers grew 19%; QuickBooks Enterprise subscribers grew 20%; QuickBooks Desktop units declined 9% versus last year. And as Brad mentioned, we expect Desktop units to decline and revenue growth from the Desktop ecosystem to slow as we continue to improve and emphasize QuickBooks Online. The good news here is that the lifetime value of QuickBooks Online customers is 40% higher than Desktop. Total paying QuickBooks customers were up 15% for the quarter, driven by the shift from Desktop units to subscriptions. Payments revenue was flat versus the year-ago quarter. Brad describes some of the strategic decisions we've made in Payments. Let me walk you through the numbers. As you can see on the factsheet, merchants grew 7% and card transaction volume grew 3%. One click down, our core QuickBooks Payment business is growing and certain non-core channels are declining. The numbers reflect the impact of strategic decisions we've made to drive customer growth. For example, over the past few years, our Payment's pricing structure has become less competitive. We've rolled out a simplified pricing plan that lets customers choose between a pay-as-you-go option with a clear rate per transaction or a plan with monthly fee and a lower discount rate. While we give up some near-term revenue because we have fewer merchants on plans with monthly fees, we believe more merchants and higher overall volume will more than make up for that over time. And we'll still have to grow over the nonstrategic business lines. These represent about 10% of the Payments business revenue. And in the second quarter, this nonstrategic revenue declined about 25%. In Small Business Management Solutions, revenue grew 16%. Employee Management Solutions revenue grew 14%, driven by strong growth in Online customers, as well as our assisted and full service offerings. Demandforce revenue grew 32%. One last point on Small Business, our guidance remains 10% to 12% revenue growth for the year. This growth is coming more from customers and mix improvement this year and less from price. Price drove about 5 points of growth last year and will only drive about 2 points this year. That's a much healthier mix and bodes well for continued customer growth as we move forward. Brad covered the tax update, and the numbers are in the press release. Let me just remind you that the Consumer Tax comparisons get a bit tougher in the back half of the year and our strategy this season is built to drive customer growth and share gains. This means customers may grow 1 point or 2 faster than revenue, which we think is a very healthy sign for the business long-term. Moving to our financial principles and capital allocation, we continue to take a disciplined approach to capital management, investing the cash we generate in opportunities that yield 15-plus percent ROI. Our first priority is investing for growth in the business. So far this fiscal year, we've made 5 small acquisitions with a total investment of around $125 million. With [ph] this use of capital, we'll return cash to shareholders via share repurchases. We completed the repurchase of 1.4 billion of shares so far this fiscal year, and we have about $2 billion remaining on our authorization. As we've mentioned, we expect to reduce our share count 4% to 6% net in fiscal 2014, and we intend to be in the market every quarter. Our board approved a $0.19 dividend for fiscal Q3, payable on April 18. We've reiterated our guidance for fiscal 2014 and provided updated details on quarterly guidance to reflect the expected shift in tax revenue we mentioned in our press release. And with that, I'll turn it back to Brad to close.
R. Neil Williams: Not really, Walter. I think that you're seeing some headwind this year and last year. And I think you've seen that reflected as the one-off sales of QuickBooks Desktop units decline. So I think we've been monitoring that as we go through. If we get the customer growth accelerated and the customer counts up, I'm not overly concerned about what happens to revenue in a period-to-period basis, I think you'll be able to see that with much better transparency and predictability, as we move these customers to subscription-based offerings.
R. Neil Williams: We really haven't shared any information on that, Brad, and probably we're not going to get into that, Josh, at this time.
R. Neil Williams: Ross, it primarily comes from the selling price of QuickBooks Online, as well as the ease of attach that Brad mentioned earlier. So those are the 2 drivers. It's a little -- maybe a bit more than 40%, but it's close.
R. Neil Williams: We still assume that in 2014, roughly 1/2 of all new customers would go to QuickBooks Online, 1/2 to Desktop. That's a big shift from, maybe, 3 or 4 years ago, where maybe we're looking 5% to 10% of new customers came in to QuickBooks Online. This year it's about 1/2 and 1/2.
R. Neil Williams: Sterling, this is Neil. Really, the only thing that was off of the double-digit growth in Q2 was Payments. The comps get a lot easier for Payments in the back half of the year and we expect the benefits of simplified pricing and more customers on new QuickBooks Online to bring our active use back up. So yes, we think the comps get a little easier in the back half.
R. Neil Williams: Yes. Thanks, Jennifer. I would tell you the softness in Q2 is probably a little bit more than we'd anticipated in Payments when we originally set guidance. But on the other hand, some of the other components of the category have performed better than we thought. So that's why we're reaffirming guidance and we feel pretty good about it. In the payments category, specifically, it's going to take us a bit to grow over some of these nonstrategic components of the portfolio. I could see it getting back to high single-digits or mid single-digits by the end of the year. It's not going to be a double-digit grower for this year in my view. But it's just getting back to those type levels put us solidly in the guidance range we've given for the category overall.
Brad D. Smith: All right. Thanks, Neil. So we've talked a lot about our strong Small Business results and our multiyear efforts to reimagine tax prep. Our aspiration to become the operating system behind Small Business success and to do the nation's taxes are bold strategic objectives. And I'll tell you that I have confidence in our ability to achieve these multiyear goals because of our company's commitment to creating an environment where the most talented employees can do the best work of their lives. It takes effort and investment to create a culture that operates like a 30-year-old start up and we continue to make advances each and every day. This commitment not only shows up in the kinds of products that we're delivering for our customers, but it's acknowledged in the war for top talents, where Intuit has been ranked for the 13th year in a row on Fortune Magazine's 100 Best Companies to Work For list. This year, we've broken into the top 10 at #8, our highest ranking ever. We have lots of opportunity in front of us and we remain deeply committed to accelerating customer and revenue growth, but it all starts with great people, and I could not be more proud of the Intuit team. With that, let's open it up to you to hear what's on your mind.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, I sure can, Brent. Thanks for the questions. First of all, in tax online, we are very encouraged by the early results. As you know, there are 2 peak periods in tax season, that first period is around end of January, early February when people get their W-2s, and then the last peak is April 14 and 15. Coming to that first peak, we are growing faster than the category and perhaps faster than the market overall. And with 11% unit growth in TurboTax Online, we're very encouraged with the results we're seeing. Now we mentioned this is the first year of a multiyear journey, we're making big changes to the product. We're changing our approach to marketing and we're improving our customer care experience, and the team continues to innovate every week, so we expect to continue to learn and adjust as we go. But so far, what we see happening now is that our performance in the market is not only helping customers get a better experience, it's helping us grow faster than the market, at least through the first half of the season. Now I'll move to the QuickBooks question and talk about QuickBooks Online outside the U.S. We currently have 46,000 paying subscribers outside the United States that is basically double where we were last year. And we continue to see strong momentum as we're adding feature functionality in respective countries. Now as you may remember, we're focused on 4 countries, primarily, right now, that's Canada, the U.K., Australia and India, and in each of those 4 countries, we continue to sign strategic partnerships with third-party developers who help us round out our portfolio of features. And in other areas we're actually introducing features that we're building ourselves. And so we're continuing to pick up momentum and we anticipate that we will start to look at other countries beyond these 4, and it will all be enabled by one thing that separates us from our competition. We have the first truly global-ready platform that can be localized by a third-party and an end-user in any country in which customers want to use the product. We now have paying customers in over 190 countries. So while we're focused on 4, we are seeing adoption in other countries and that's helping us choose where we're going to double down in terms of the next countries we go after. So that's really the headline on the Global QuickBooks Online momentum.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Gil. So we're very early in the journey. It is now available to all QuickBooks Desktop and QuickBooks Online customers. We currently have about 12% of the QuickBooks Online base that has moved over to the new QuickBooks Online, so it's really still pretty early. But the results we're getting are very positive. We're getting great feedback, the Net Promoter Scores are higher. And from our perspective, the benefit is it reduces the friction between additional services. So I'll give you a couple of data points. The attach rates for payments to QuickBooks Online is 50% higher in the new version of QuickBooks Online than it was the classic version. The Payment attach rate is also higher, up about 6%, and so when you put those things together, you're seeing a better product experience with also the addition to sell additional services, and that's a big win for the customer and that's a big win for us.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, I'll be happy to do that, Walter. It really falls into 3 buckets. First and foremost, is we want to make sure that the feature functionality in QuickBooks Online is the feature the customer is currently using in Desktop, if they're moving from Desktop. And so we've been working on our Online Banking fees and reconciliation capabilities. And we're also strengthening inventory for those companies that are product-based businesses. Beyond that, we want to make sure that it's a seamless, frictionless migration. And so we've got a 3-step, 3-minute conversion program that will move your data out of the prior version of QuickBooks and into the new QuickBooks Online, and we're also backing that up with incentives. Creating an economic incentive for you to move into the new QuickBooks Online and get used to the new look and feel, and then, over time, we're seeing that those Net Promoter Scores really tend to accelerate for those customers. In terms of incentives internally, the general manager for the QuickBooks Desktop business has one goal, and that goal is to incentivize the customers to move to a subscription-based version of Desktop or to move to the new QuickBooks Online. And so we've got the entire organization motivated to help the customers get to this new cloud-based version because we just see it as a much better solution for them, and we're working very hard to accelerate the decline of the Desktop units and the increase of our cloud-based units.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, thanks, Kartik. Let me first put it into some context. So when we entered this year, we said it was going to be the first year of a multiyear journey to make the product drop dead simple and try to eliminate 7 billion hours of tax preparation drudgery that this country goes through ever year, whether it's for a professional, to be able to just review a return, or for a consumer to basically ask as few a questions as possible and get their return done. And so we're making very strong strides in the first year of that multiyear effort. Our teams improved the product. We have the best free federal product we've ever had, and now it includes that prior-year imported information and the ability to import your W-2, so you have very few questions to answer. And we also said we wanted to focus this year's efforts on the 70 million people who have relatively simple returns. Now as we've looked at it, we see that some of these people tend to file earlier in the season and they also tend to be price-sensitive. And so we tested things, in addition to the great product experience we've created, which is not easy to copy, we've also tested what is the right price value proposition to go out and win those customers. And you saw some of that during the late January, early February timeframe. The result has been very encouraging for us. The fact that we're growing our units 11% online, the fact that our total efile units, in a comparable period to the IRS, is up faster than the category, suggest that not only is it doing the things we wanted it to do, it's also producing the kinds of outcomes for customers. The traffic's up, the conversion's up, and the Net Promoter Scores were up year-over-year for the customer's experience as well. So while we still have a lot of season left to play -- yet to play, we like the results we've got out of this program in the first half.
Brad D. Smith: The answer to that question is yes. We are getting more new customers into the franchise. We also see, as we look at our sources of customers, we're getting more customers from other software players. So we continue to take from tax stores, but we're getting a higher proportion of first-time filers and we're also getting more customers from other software providers.
Brad D. Smith: Josh, right now, with the data we have, we believe that we are taking share early in the season, but we also recognize that as the rest of the season plays out, there's a whole lot of time left on the clock and so we're going to have to remain focused and aggressive and continue to push new product innovation and different kinds of focused marketing efforts to the back half. But we don't think that this is a pull forward and, in fact, what we see is a whole bunch of people still yet to file, that procrastination trend continues year-over-year. And so for the people who have filed so far, we think we've got a disproportionate share relative to the category.
Brad D. Smith: I can talk to the mobile filings. So far, we're actually seeing an increase of almost 3x over this time last year in terms of people that are logging in through either a tablet or a phone, to not only start their tax return but complete it. Now last year, a total of 5 million people for the entire season went in and did their taxes on, started on a mobile device and then completed their taxes. But we're seeing a significant increase this year of people coming in and using a phone or a tablet to do their taxes. In terms of the refund transfer, I'm just going to look at Neil or Matt, to see if we've got any information we'd share at this point.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Ross. So I'll go back at what we tried to articulate over the last few years is, our preferred method of growing a healthy tax business is to expand the DIY category to get more people into doing their taxes with software and then to take a disproportionate share of that category, so the continued growth of TurboTax share. To do that, we've always said the healthiest indicator of a strong business is to grow units faster than revenue. Because if we do that, we're getting customers in, then we know over the lifetime of their taxes, they start to get more complicated, they move up the product line and we're able to increase the revenue per return over multiple years. And so our goal going into this year was exactly the same goal that it has been for the last several, which is, let's grow our units faster than our revenue. And we think, with the new product innovation we have this year, and in particular, we have a great free federal product, where we also have a new experience for returning TurboTax customers, and for also paid simple filers. And it's the combination of all of those that we believe are contributing to growing our units at the pace that we are right now. And we would be very happy if we end up this year with our units growing several points faster than our revenue.
Brad D. Smith: Ross, I'll add one thing. I added a couple of these anecdotes a few minutes ago around the new version of QuickBooks Online, which you know we returned -- we refer to it inside as Harmony. The neat thing about the leading indicators on the new QuickBooks Online is the people who go from trial to a paid subscription, when they move to the new version, that's actually a 6% lift in trial to sub, that's a pretty big conversion improvement. Then when you look at the attach rates, the people who are actually attaching our merchant services, our Payments business, that's up 50% versus the old QuickBooks Online. And the Payroll number is actually up a little over 5%. So not only do you get a higher selling price, as Neil said, we're getting a better traffic to a paid subscription conversion and we're getting higher attach rates. And so all those lead to the higher lifetime value.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, I can, Brad. I'll start first on TurboTax Online and conversion. So, as you know, we have not had a traffic problem with TurboTax Online. In fact, we get about 1/2 of all America coming into TurboTax Online through a tax season. And so that's the significant amount of traffic. We just haven't always converted that traffic into paid users. This year, with the changes the team has made not only to the website, but more importantly to the product experiences, we are getting a higher conversion rate on our traffic right now. And so that's been positive news for us. In addition to that, we're continuing to release new innovative versions of the product every week. So the team hasn't gone into code freeze, they continue to innovate, they learn, they run A/B tests and they're continuing to optimize conversions. And we're seeing higher Net Promoter Scores. Right now, it's 4 to 6 points higher than it was last year for our online version of our product, and that's a pretty significant improvement year-over-year. So I'm proud of what the team is doing. At the same time, we're constructively dissatisfied and there's still a lot of time left in the season. We're going to continue innovating the product. In terms of CPA Select, TurboTax team is working with our sister division in Pro Tax. This year, we are in a full live beta of this test. We have 550 CPAs. And currently, the customers that start out in TurboTax and end up going to one of those CPAs to finish their return, having Net Promoter Score that is 25 points higher than simply the pro category overall. And so while it's just in beta and I want to manage expectations, we lack the early results of this experiment. And if we continue to see these results, we'll continue to lean into this as we look forward to next year.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Jim. We're still pegging somewhere between 0 and 1%. I think you probably, at this point, had a chance to see some of the data we saw that last year, there was a little bit of a recovery and the total IRS filings ended up being down about 0.1%, so it was relatively flat. The hypothesis we all had in the industry, things that have been validated by the IRS commissioner who just testified in February in front of Congress for the House Ways and Means subcommittee that the IRS continues to get better at catching fraudulent returns. And last year, they stopped and rejected about 6.7 million returns, and that was up from 5 million in the prior year and 3 million in 2011. So I think what you're seeing right now and what our expectations are, is the total number of people filing will probably go somewhere between flat to up about 1%, and that's what we've built into our guidance.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Sterling, I lost you on the back half, but I think I got the question, which is, are you able to show you're expanding the category versus simply stealing share and what could be, I think, a price war, is that what you were suggesting? Or a price -- you may want to repeat the last question.
Brad D. Smith: I got it. Thank you. Well, first and foremost, the way anyone's going to win in this category is not price because the lowest price in the category is free and everyone has a free version out there already. The way you win in this category is to give somebody the simplest experience and getting them the maximum refund, and that's where our first year of a multiyear effort is to completely reimagine how we do that and to set the standard for everyone in the industry. And so that's where our focus is. The second is, there's been some emphasis on this particular call on the low-end of our product lineup, but if you take a look at it, we actually took a hard step back this past year and said, "We need to make sure we get the right customers in the right products." And so we made changes to all of our product line. We removed some of the forms you use to be able to do in the middle part of the product line, and we moved it up to the higher tier, because that's really the right product for the customer. And so we're seeing mix where some customers are moving from the middle of the product up to the premier line. And we're also getting a better free product out in the marketplace to basically win and grow the category there as well. The only thing I can give you to answer your question today is the data that's been published by the IRS, because no one else has reported. And what they would suggest is that the do-it-yourself category is up 6.6% and the assisted and pro category is down 5.4%. So if you put that together with the programs we have in place, that suggests that the category is growing and it's taking share from the alternative methods.
Brad D. Smith: Jennifer, there has been, and I appreciate the question. First and foremost is, we're seeing no observed behavior of a customer wanting to switch their tax prep method because of the Affordable Care Act. That was our hypothesis because we looked at what had happened when Massachusetts had rolled this out years ago. And we saw no shift in behavior to someone moving from one method to another. Our own surveys heading into this tax season suggested that less than 1% of customers said they would actually be inclined to go someplace else because of the Affordable Care. But that didn't eliminate the need for us to be able to make sure that we do for health care what we do for taxes, which is take a very complicated law and make it drop dead simple so you understand the implications to you and we help you take action as a result. So we watched TurboTax help. We've had over 3 million consumers visit it so far this season. Over 600,000 of them were uninsured and we've helped them understand the implications through a free tool, how Affordable Care impacts them, whether they qualify for a subsidy or they may potentially have a penalty. And we can route those who want health care to the eHealth partnership that we have. And so right now what I can tell you is, Affordable Care has been out there, the do-it-yourself category is growing fast. The assisted category is not growing so far this year, and our results seem to be very healthy and so we feel like Affordable Care is something we needed to address, and we have, but we don't see it causing any shift in the marketplace.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Thanks, Michael. Spoken like a true man from the Midwest and the Northeast, who've had to live through some of this. I appreciate it. First and foremost, I think that weather is clearly going to have some impact on everyone from retail to someone who may be doing tax store returns. I would want to step back and put a little bit of context around that, though. First, last year, without those kind of weather conditions, the do-it-yourself tax prep category grew 4.6% and the assisted, which means going to a store, or pro, grew 1.2%. And that was the continuation of a 10-year trend. So there is a shift to people wanting to do things online. I think, in this particular case, this is the first 2 reports from the IRS, there may be a more exacerbated version of that happening because of weather. But the key is, if they stayed home to file their taxes, they're not going to be filing them a second time. So those are customers that we've now got and they won't be in the mix between now and April 15.
Brad D. Smith: No. We actually see today that about 60% of people today go to a CPA or they go to a tax store. If you look at that data and then you break it out, it looks like the CPA segment's growing about 1%, 1.5%. The tax stores are relatively flat, they tend to be fighting amongst themselves in terms of units from what we can get from their public data. And then the one category that's growing is the do-it-yourself category, which continues to grow in the 3% to 5% range each and every year. And so right now, there is a snapshot in time that says 60-40. I think if these trends continue, you're growing to see that continue to shift because growing 4x faster will eventually start to shift the landscape more into the software category.
Brad D. Smith: Well, I think, as you know really well, you follow this category closely, we're down to mid-single-digit number of people filing with paper and pencil, and we've been there for the last couple of years. And that didn't slow down the 4x growth rate over the assisted model last year. And if you look at the early results this year, it's growing even faster. So I think even with manual relatively gone out of 140 million people to be down to 5 million or 6 million and still be growing 4x faster, I think that's a misperception.
Brad D. Smith: So let me start with QuickBooks Online, and I appreciate calling out the quarter-over-quarter acceleration because that's what we're seeing. We do believe you're going to continue to see an acceleration because we're very early in getting customers over to the new QuickBooks Online. I mentioned a few minutes ago, only 12% of our current QuickBooks Online customers have moved to the new version. Now we haven't put any forecast out there that say what will that number accelerate to, we've just built that into our overall Small Business guidance. But I will tell you that we are committed to accelerating the growth of QuickBooks Online in the U.S. and globally, and also getting customers off the Desktop and into this new cloud-based version. In terms of payments, Neil mentioned just a few minutes ago, and I would tell you that one of the things that we achieved with the restructuring this past summer, as we put the Payments team right next to the QuickBooks team, they're now managed by one leader. Because really, customers think about their money in and their money out as one set of activities. And as we sat down and got underneath why customer growth was what it was, we discovered that we had allowed ourselves to lean too heavily on price. In fact, last year about 10 points of our Payments growth came from price. What we've now realized we needed to do was customers wanted 2 options. They wanted a pay-as-you-go model and they didn't want a monthly fee, they just wanted a per-transaction. And then we had another group that actually was willing to pay a monthly fee and then have a lower discount rate. And so by introducing that, we're giving up some short-term revenue, but we're actually starting to see an acceleration of people signing up for merchant services, and I'll give you a data point. The merchant -- the Payment services attached to QuickBooks Online is up 37% this quarter. And so by moving it into the new version of QuickBooks Online and by changing the pricing model, we're getting a re-acceleration of our merchants. And we think, over time, that will lead to higher volume as well. So what we basically did is we realized that we had leaned too heavily on price and we needed to get back to having a seamless experience with a set of pricing options for the customer.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Saheed. Thank you. I want to thank everybody for your questions. I realize there's a lot of moving parts going on out there with the IRS data coming out hot off the press and our announcement a couple of weeks ago to try to help people understand the shift. I'd just put a bow around it by telling you we've come out of the first half of this fiscal year strong. I like our momentum, I like our plans, I like the fact our teams are continuing to lean in and innovate every week. We still have a lot of time left on the clock, so we're not going to let up, and we're looking forward to closing out this year the way we started it. And I'll look forward to speaking with each of you when we see you out on the road in the next couple of weeks. Or for those I don't see, we'll talk to you next quarter.
