Brad Smith: Yes, Brent, thanks for the question. First of all, we would like to wait till the end of season and then at Investor Day we will share with you the year-over-year comparison and conversion rates and one of the reasons we want to do that is we’re getting better every week. One of the things I mentioned in the opening remarks is the responsive experience, which is our ability to actually look at the kinds of information that we can see in your tax return and compared to others like you and truly streamline the interview process. And so that’s enabling us to get more conversion out of people who are coming in and starting to return and getting them all the way through the end where they actually hit the send button. The other thing that we’re able to do here is we’re looking for areas where there were historical problems with entering data and then with the electronic import capabilities that we continue to advance. We’re getting a lot of that work done for you so reduces friction and it is a combination of those things, which we call the taxes are done, which is really improving our conversion and I will tell you the teams truly are making improvement week over week and we will see how we finish up the season.
Brad Smith: Yes, Brent, clearly that is a very important issue for us and so we are providing all the funding that we need in those areas. Anything that was not included in our guidance for the full year, we expect to reallocate from other investment opportunities within the company. So we have given a lot of thought and consideration, before we reiterated guidance for the full year.
Brad Smith: Well, Greg, first of all we are not Hollywood and so unlike Hollywood for all PR is good PR. We certainly don’t like to have negative press out there about our product or have any of our customers frustrated. I think the first piece is the desktop lineup changes, we knew we made a mistake when we started hearing the feedback from the customers. But it’s important to understand that affected 3% of our TurboTax customers. So while the noise was out there and the press coverage was pretty strong, it really wasn’t a significant number of customers. And we worked really hard to get in touch with each and every one of them and to they make it right. And so I’d say first of all the scope of that wasn’t a significant as the press may have played it out to be. But from our perspective we took it very seriously, because every customer matters. And the second is on the industry-wide threat of cyber fraud attacking U.S tax system. This has been an industry-wide challenge. It is not a company specific challenge, despite some of the early press clippings, whether you look at our own competitors issuing open letters from their CEO and major newspapers. Or you know the IRS has been working with the industry since 2012 to solve this or even the state of Montana issuing in some press release last week, saying, hey this is happening to more than one company. I think most people understand that we are progresses, we are applying the most advanced techniques and at the end of the day they trust into it that we are going to process their information and protect the privacy and security. So I think the important thing here is the issue of cyber fraud is a threat to the tax system. We’re one of the many players that want to be a part of the solution, but you have to separate the signal from the noise. The press is not representative of what we’re seeing and as a result I think what you’re actually seeing in our business results, our customers trust our brand, our product is even much better than it was last year, so we’re improving conversion and that plays out in the marker place and that’s why you see stronger tax results then maybe what the press might may have led you to believe.
Brad Smith: We know that each of our businesses do have cycles to them and in small business we do see a larger group of people buying heading into the New Year. And then it tends to tail off a little bit into the latter half of that, our fiscal year, so heading into the spring and summer. The desktop will throw you a little bit out of whack there QBO was more of a realtime consideration and you have a mix today of more service based businesses, because we’re still building out advanced inventory to the mix of the kind of customer and QBO is slightly different than desktop. But right now what you are going to see is – we’re still in the early learnings of just how big QBO will be in each of the quarters. This is our best forecast for the fourth quarter and it really reflects the slightly nuance differences and the service based customers in QBO versus more inventory based in desktop and the second is there is a seasonal pattern to win the peak periods are for QBO, just like there is and some of our other businesses.
Brad Smith: At this time Walter, we’re not changing that long-term view, that two million subs, our aspiration is not only to meet that but to exceed it. We’re continuing to see strength in new to the franchise customers and this particular quarter 80% of QBO customers were new to the franchise; about 20% were migrators from desktop. We’re doing everything we can to get desktop customers comfortable, we’re adding that advanced inventory capability, or continuing to finish off things like job casting, we’re running promotion, but as you learned from the TurboTax desktop experience I just walked through. Some of these customers aren’t going to be move in anytime soon and we’re fine with that, what we really like to see is we’re expanding the category, we’re getting new people into accounting software that never even used our product before. So right now, we are locked in on that 2 million number. And we just raised our forecast on subs this year. So we are not moving that 2 million yet. But if we continue to close in the way we are, we’ll talk to you about that in the future.
Brad Smith: Sterling, it’s a fair question. And I think it’s still out there for many to think through. Our assertion from early on if you look to what happened in Massachusetts back in the days when Romney was governor. There was no shift between tax prep methods when a light program was introduced at the state level so our hypothesis was if we do our job, and we take the complexity and make it simple. This should not be a catalyst to the assisted category. And we worked really hard to do that. I think, the second thing is, we do know that as you go further end of season, you will see the assisted tax prep methods start to pickup a little bit as more complex returns get processed. But right now, this is about where we were this time last year with the assisted category growth through February 6 reported by IRS and then also where the DIY category was. And at the end of the season, the DIY category picked up a little bit of share. So I believe we are going to see the same thing happen this year. My last point I would say is, we anticipated, if there was going to be a big impact that ACA would impact earlier in the season. Because when you look at those, you don’t tend to have health insurance, there are often times those families that are living paycheck to paycheck they need to file early to get their refund. And the fact we haven’t seen the kind of shift that some of the industry we’re suggesting was going to happen, leads us to believe that our original hypothesis looks like it’s going to play out. We don’t expect this to be a catalyst. But we also were prepared to respond if anything changes based upon that, the balance of the season.
Brad Smith: Yes, Sterling. Also two things here IRS data through February 6, reported the category the self prep DIY category, digital category with that seven and system is down four. If I take our numbers and right now we reported the February 14th, if I move them back and make them apples-to-apples, the number of e-filed returns we submitted through the same date the IRS put their data out, we’re up 13%. So right after that, you can just do the math and say, okay, we’re growing 13, the categories growing 7, it looks like TurboTax is picking up some share. And that’s kind of where we were last year too. If you step back and look at our assumptions for the full season, our forecast were based upon the IRS total returns growing about 1% and right now that’s what the IRS has reported so far through February 6. The second as we anticipated that the do-it-yourself category would pick up about a point of share out of the total returns filed. Right now through the results of February 6th, it’s up almost 3 points. So it’s a little bit higher than that, but we know it works through the balance of the season, it does start to shift a little more to assisted, so that'll come down a little bit if history plays out. The third lever we assumed is that we would pick up share and so far the data suggest that we picked up several points of share, but we also know we came off of a very exciting program called Absolute Zero. So we’re going to say if we can hold our ground for the balance of the season and the last pieces revenue per return. We fully expect the customer growth will outpace revenues. We don’t expect that to be a big catalyst and that adds up to the 5% to 7% total guidance we gave for consumer tax. I know there is a lot in there, but I hope that parse the numbers out and gave you apples-to-apples of us versus the IRS and then what our assumptions were.
Brad Smith: Ross, your math is right. As Neil was going through his opening comments, he said not only we have an exciting program with Absolute Zero, but our actual paid mix is higher than we had forecasted. A part of that is driven by the complexity base lineup we move to last year where we were trying to help customer to get into the right product. And so in TurboTax Online that’s actually helped us to get customers to the right product. And as a result our paid mix is healthier. People are getting to the Deluxe and the Premier versions of the product, which is where they should have been all along. And that’s one. Another one is just simply conversion and attach as we continue to make it more seamless and you’re able to find services that are important to you. We’re able to make that mix healthier as well. So those two things are adding to slightly higher revenue per return at this point in the season, but as you know, we still got about 60% of the season yet to go. And so we’re going to see how the ultimate assumptions play out when we’re done on April 15.
Brad Smith: Yes, Ross, I want to let Neil take that. I want to Batman to have a chance to speak here. I tend to halt the airways, so we’ll turn it to Neil on this one.
Brad Smith: You know, Kartik, if you look at the last five years of TurboTax desktop, the average has been a 3% decline, but two of those five years, the desktop was actually down about 6%. So it’s happen to be the two years where there’s a delayed opening to tax season, so it ramps up a little bit later. But I would tell you our 7% decline season today is reflective of just an ongoing secular trend that people moving out to desktop to the cloud and it’s probably in that 3% to 4% range and the rest of it honestly I think was just the result of us having made a bad decision on a desktop line-up and we’re going to have to work hard to earn those customers back. And so that’s the truth of it about half of it is secular shift to the cloud and the other half is a self-inflicted wound that we're going to fight for and try to get those customers back.
Brad Smith: It’s a combination of both. New to the world businesses are finding it a lot easier to come in now and get up and running from any device they want to use including a tablet or a phone. And the other our existing businesses that historically have been using Excel spreadsheets. And so, it’s really a mix of complete new to the world and then those are new to the category.
Brad Smith: We continue to see an improvement in our cost to acquire customers. As the accountants are getting more comfortable with QBO, the new re-imagined version, they’re recommending it and of course that recommendation leads to a faster, yes, from the small business side. We’re also getting better SCO and SEM and so ultimately our direct channels are more efficient and our account referrals are building [indiscernible]. And outside of the U.S. as were in each of the countries we are in brand building mode so the cost of acquire is more expensive in those countries but on a quarter by quarter basis, we’re seeing the efficiency come in there as well. So you put it all together and our cost to acquire is getting more efficient regardless of the competitive dynamic in any of those countries.
Brad Smith: You’re welcome. I wish that I had answer for your first one. I’d like to know when that’s going to max out too, not because I am anxious to get there, but I just want to see if we can blow past. You touched on it. We’ve had half dozen quarters here. Now, we’re continuing to accelerate quarter over quarter and we’re feeling very good about the trajectory. So right now, I can’t tell you that we’ve got a flat line that we drawn out because we think we’ve got a lot of opportunity ahead of us as we’re expanding the category, I wish that could be more helpful on that one. At global markets right now, with the acquisition we just made of ZeroPaper in Brazil that takes us into a new country that is now our sixth country, so we have Canada, the UK, Australia and India, before we’ve been talking to you about historically. We mentioned at Investor Day, we were doing a Greenfield launch in France and now with the acquisition of ZeroPaper in Brazil. In terms of the country, these one have had different characteristics. The Canada business is rocking and rolling. It continues to grow more profitable. As we look at the UK that is a very competitive market right now with many players over there, some established, some new. We continue to accelerate our quarter-over-quarter performance, but we still have work ahead of us to get into the number one position in that market. In Australia, of course, that is – somebody else’s home court. And so we’re there in an aggressive fashion to show that we can play in the most contested battlefield there is. And so far that has been our fastest growing market – by the fact you would expect that to be in the place where we’d have the most hostile environment. India is Greenfield. We’re truly creating the cloud category there because almost everyone there is desktop and quite frankly many of the products have a DOS like feel to them. And so we’re currently trying to create the category and get people comfortable at the cloud in India. France and Brazil are going to be our newest entries and right now we’re in the early learning phases there. One we’re doing organically, where we’re taking QBO and we’re literally localizing it and then rolling out in the market and in Brazil we’re doing it inorganically with ZeroPaper. And so each of the countries has a different set of characteristics. You put them all together and we’re growing 170% and we’re felling very good about our global trajectory and the fact is that we’re getting more efficient than our cost of acquire each and every quarter.
Brad Smith: You know Brad, we really don’t at this point. None of our competitors as well tax act did report as a part of Blucora, but there wasn’t a lot of data that was shared there. They kind of reiterated their guidance for the season. The other major competitor is not going to be reporting until I think March. And so once they get their data out there and then we have [indiscernible], we’ll be able to have a better way to triangulate, but today I would tell you – it was just be speculation on my part.
Brad Smith: Yes, sure. I can Brad. What we try to do is, make it very seamless for you to come in sign up for QBO and have payroll included. What ended up happening is a portion of customers would come in and they would find in their first bill that they were paying for payroll. And in many cases, they didn’t have a need for payroll, if they didn’t have employees or they were using in other service and it became a point of frustration for them, they would drop customer care calls or in many cases they would just cancel their subscription. And so what we realized was, we weren’t clear enough and it was confusing. So instead, what we done is, we move to an opt-in model. We’re based upon certain moments in needs, you’re adding an employer, and you’re going into the employee tab we are able to basically make it more elegant to say, hey, do you want to have this payroll service. What we are seeing right now is, we’ve got cohort analysis and we are actually seeing an improvement in our retention. The couple of 100 basis points, and that’s one of the biggest leverage you have in a subscription business is improving your retention. And while we’re taking a step back because I think we had a false positive when we were out there in that 30% range of attach. We’ve taken a step back into the lower 20s. We’re actually improving the retention and we think that’s going to add up to a much healthier franchise over the long-term.
Brad Smith: Gil, the answer is more than last year. But the paid mix is healthier than we had forecasted. So we actually got the best of both worlds. I was looking at the analysis – Neil and I sat down with tax team on a regular basis as you might imagine free tax season and they are showing us the source of the new customers. And the two biggest franchise year-over-year, which are really encouraging, our first time filers people who never filed tax returns before, and then first time moving into the category. And those are basically both saying we are expanding the DIY category of this kind of offering. And so I think this is really exciting for us because we know we can get a customer in the franchise and we can actually monetize them and grow the lifetime value if their tax situation becomes more complex. So right now, we are seeing not only a better – a conversion than last year in terms of people coming on the promotion but our paid mix is healthier than we thought as well.
Brad Smith: It wasn’t and I tell you why first of all I want to make sure that I will clear in the opening comments that the headline here is our customers know they can trust Intuit. There is nothing we take more sacred in the privacy and security of their data and two things are fact today one is we’re up and running and processing returns in the federal and all the states and the second is there is no breach of Intuit systems. And that is not only the result of our own analysis but outside third-parties have coming in and run all their diagnostics with us. And we’ve reached that conclusion I think with the customers the thing that they appreciate if they’ve actually been the victim of having their ID stolen from one of these other high-profile sources that we’re all reading about in the newspaper. And in fact last week in Stanford University I tend to the Cybersecurity Summit with President Obama and others. Over 100 million identities have been stolen in the last 12 months that’s people walking around with somebody else’s Social Security Number and they were attacking the U.S. tax system and trying to file these returns, and so customers understand that this is broader and what we’re doing is we’re helping them navigate the process we’re getting them access the agents who can help them get their filing done for them. And so it’s not causing an attrition issue because they recognize this is in a particular product issue this is a systemwide problem and they were appreciating the help. So we have not seeing an increase in attrition due to that particular issue.
Brad Smith: Yes, Kash, we do see a continuation of a normalized attach rate we put in our prepared remarks that our payroll and QuickBooks Online we anticipate will be in the low 20s in the next few quarters. We see that moving up into a healthier mid 20s and beyond as we get pass the next few quarters. But we also see a corresponding offset which is an improvement in retention. And as a combination of those things that will drive lifetime value when we step back and we look at the payroll and the payment attach rates for new users in QBO and then you look at the penetration opportunity against the base. We really do see opportunity ahead of us and we continue to see that increasing and improving quarter-over-quarter. So aside from these next few quarters of payroll as we have to grow over this opt-in, opt-out saying we do see a continuation of strengthening attach rates for our payroll and payments products which lead to that lifetime value assumption we’ll share with you at Investor Day.
Brad Smith: I was born at night but not last night and coming off of the TurboTax desktop challenge that we just had I’ve learned a pretty important lesson there which these customers are happy with their product we have committed to making sure that if they want to stay on the desktop we’re going to support them for as long as they want to use that product. But we’re going to make it really enticing for them to get to the cloud but we have zero plans to sense of the product or to do anything that will upset them and make them decide to shop someplace else. And I didn’t mean to be flip I meant to be self critical which has make a lot of mistake that’s okay make two mistakes and somebody ought to slam my hand in a door.
Brad Smith: No, we did not Kash, we shared an outlook for company revenue which fairly is the QuickBooks Online revenues of portion that we did not get more specificity around the overall revenue guidance number.
Brad Smith: Yes, Jim, our assumption is that the effect of that delayed filing last year and where we’re now its pretty much washed out at this point. We’ll have to see full season how everything shakes out but that’s definitely what we’re operating from in terms of the Absolute Zero promotion we like the results so far we’re going to wait till the end of the tax season and we’ll look back and say did it achieve everything we thought it would. But so far the early data suggesting very positive for us and we like the impact of the new franchise new to the world filers coming in we like the fact people are moving into the category for the first time. We like the fact that the categories expanded and also that looks like we picked up a couple points of share and all of that was still improving our paid mix. So far, so good, but we want to wait for the full season effect to see, ultimately what the impact was.
Brad Smith: Yes, Jim, Brazil is a unique market they have those notion of something called [indiscernible] and it’s sort of like an invoice here, the payment methodology and then you can convert that invoice into cash and that’s was ZeroPaper has done, it’s really for what we’re doing here with QuickBooks Self-Employed it does micro businesses, but down there it’s a tool that micro businesses need to do to basically get paid. And so what we’re going to be doing is taking the product and then importing it over on to the QBO platform and think of it in Brazil becoming the entry level skew and then eventually that will lead out to our more main line QuickBooks Online product. So it will remain in market, it is a Brazil specific product, but that’s a rapidly growing economy with a lot of opportunity and we’re going to put it on our platforms, you can naturally unlock and grow into QBO overtime.
Brad Smith: Yes Scott, so we’ve seen some puts and takes so far in the season. The take was we reversed our decision and we’ve give the customers the upgrade for free and that does account for some revenue that we would have originally had in our forecast, the flip of that is at Neil said even with that absolute zero we’ve had a healthier paid mix than what we had in our forecast. So when you put it on the blender, it’s comes out to us having the confidence to sit with you today and based on what we see reiterate our guidance for the full year. And I think it’s really just the combination of all these things.
Brad Smith: Well, we’ll certainly take a look at how the program played out at the end of the season and if it’s an effective program, then you will see us continuing to do things that we think makes sense for customers and makes sense for our strategic goals which is growing the category and our share. If it’s not a successful program, we have found that you can make the kind of changes and those kinds of promotions year-over-year and customers understand. So at this time point it’s pretty premature for us to speculate what's going to happen with that absolute zero next year next year, but so far we like the results given where we’re in the season.
Brad Smith: Yes. So Jennifer this is as we’re sitting here and speaking we’re looking at the assumptions we had and then what’s playing out in the market there hasn’t been anything that’s fundamentally different, I’ll give you a couple of tweaks. One is the product is continuing to perform in a way that we’re delighted by, its expanding the category and getting first time small businesses, as well as people here are new to the accounting software category in. So we originally had assumed that we will have a slightly larger portion of desktop moderator is going to the file, that number is nice at that level that we thought but we're getting more new to the franchise customers. And so the number hasn’t changed the mix has. And the other thing is QBSE QuickBooks Self-Employed this is new for us and we’re looking to make it a global product. Right now, we don’t count those customers in QBO, if they aren’t paid subs. And we do have deals with Lyft and Uber and other that we mentioned that today is a free QuickBooks Self-Employed but then ultimate the way we monetize and if you want to send that into TurboTax we have an attach rate that this shows up in a different business unit called TurboTax. So it’s a nice little one Intuit ecosystem in place. We’ll see as QBSE growth and becomes more meaningful as it part of the paid subscribers we’ll wholly break out so you can see it. But right now, it’s only about 4000 of the total number of subs so it’s pretty immaterial. So you put all that together, we’re hoping that we’re going to get more and more desktop customers excited about the cloud if not we still feel good about our two million subs because we’re getting more people into the franchise more than we had anticipated with the new QuickBooks Online.
Brad Smith: Well, in the U.S. and I know that everyone on the call is familiar with this. We are primarily the player in the U.S. with QuickBooks desktop. The share is over 90% then you’ve got a couple of other players. The online players are relatively new in the United States. So if we were to actually growing the category, the read and do businesses that is started because the economy is getting healthy, there are part of 40% that is still in Excel spreadsheets. And so that’s really the opportunity there. Outside the U.S. and other countries we are able to convert some customers away from some of the competitive products. But we are also getting an influx of people coming off spreadsheet there too. But the mix is a little more – its more people coming from competitors and what you would see in the U.S., but by and large a lot of them are still new businesses and Excel spreadsheets.
Brad Smith: Hi, Mike. So on EITC, yes, I’m aware that our collected industry peers are all standing shoulder-to-shoulder and working with the government to try to take on the cyber fraud. And everyone has seen a different side of the animal and I know in our particular case the competitor you just mentioned, they are out there talking about two particular things, the need for license professionals and to keep an eye on earned income tax credit where they the observed some patterns that have been nervous as you might imagine we have algorithms and data we look at in our own. We produce this suspicious activity report and we have since 2012 that we provide to the IRS on anything that we see that may be unusual and then the IRS is the ultimate legal entity that determines whether that is a legitimate or a fraudulent return. And so as we look at our EITC data in the context of that, we’re seeing right now, that the growth of the EITC this year season-to-date is inline with our units. And we don’t see that particular category sticking out as any more suspicious in our mix today than any of the other variables we look at. But that is not to say that there is something that everyone in the industry have to keep an eye on, we just haven’t seen that particular pattern emerge in out own customer base.
Brad Smith: You know Mike I honestly can’t answer that question. I just don’t know that data of the top of my head. So I unfortunately I can’t answer the question. I apologize for that. And you have a second question which was the lifetime value piece. As you saw last year our revenue per return was down slightly as we grow our units and we grow our units faster than our revenue and ultimately our strategic goal is to expand the self-prepared category and then grow our share and we said that we would love every year and a half units grow faster than revenue because we know overtime the last ten values going to improve. The answer to your question about the individual tax payer are we seeing improved LTV? We are. But when you put it in an aggregated mix, you got a bunch of new people coming in they’re coming in at first year and absolute zero, it does inflate the revenue per return on an average. But what we saw last year moving to TurboTax Online with this new line up, we’re getting a healthier mix, have paid. I think that’s where one of the question’s earlier that cash or someone had asked, which is, is the assumption right, I think, revenue per return being a little healthier, the answer is yes, because on an individual tax return basis, we’re actually seeing customers move up the move up the product line. So at an individual level the LTV is healthy, but in aggregate when you bring more new people in and they come in and their promotion price it’s actually deflating the average.
Brad Smith: You know Saeed, I would. And I appreciate it’s a little bit past our normal time and we were wanting to do that, because we want to make sure we regard to everyone’s question. So let me just wrap up time, we want to thank everybody for your patience today. I know our opening remarks were a bit longer than usual, but we wanted to give you as much context as we could around the two recent events. If you could take anything away from this call, I hope that you heard that me, Neil, Matt and the others feel confident and where we are to the first half of the year and we’re excited about momentum we’re building in the back half. And with that I want to thank you for your questions and we’ll look forward to catching up with you on the after calls. Take care everybody.
