Sasan Goodarzi: Great, thanks Michelle. I'm very proud of our team and all we've accomplished together and I'm very optimistic about the future. So with that said, let's now open it up to your questions.
Sasan Goodarzi: Thank you for your question, Scott. If I would take you back to what we declared several years ago, one element was under-penetrated segments. The investment community was one, of course Self-Employed and Latinx. And the other element of course is about transforming the assistant segment, which also helps us serve that community. Well, if they need expertise or if they want us to do their taxes for them. And what I would tell you, we all see the same stats, there is then really a significant increase in retail investors using all the different tools that are out there and not just in the United States, but particularly in Brazil, India, and the U.S. And, so I feel good that we're very well positioned. And all of those segments that I mentioned, Latinx Self-Employed and Premier, we are actually experiencing the kind of growth that we expected and probably, a kick-up on our Premier offering, which really serves our investment community. So we are experiencing an accelerated growth and it's really all sort of in context of what we had declared, and we'll have to see how the season plays out when we tally up our results, what it all looks like, but we're very, very pleased with the fact that we really positioned ourselves to serve the segment a few years ago. And I think we're positioned well for delivering for them this season, both with live platform and if you want to do it yourself.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. A couple of things, I would say, one, the assumptions that we made coming into this tax season is that IRS returns would be sort of flattish and we expect to be able to grow our share of the total number of returns, and particularly because of our focus on the under-penetrated segments that I mentioned and transforming the assistance segment with our live platforms, really for us, it's about growing our share of the entire category and as, we have such a massive opportunity with $86 million filers that today go to somebody else to do their taxes. And the fact that we have an opportunity to help them get their taxes on with the expert at their fingertips with any time that they needed. So really our role is about growing the category and in context of a flattish IRS returns. All of our guidance, just – we made the assumption that is April 15 finished, we contemplated the Taxes announcement that was made yesterday, we’re really just looking at past situations where there is been a disaster where IRS has extended the filing date. The behaviors are very different net-net, we feel very good about our progress, we feel very good about our momentum and really good about the potential that we have this season and the context of the guidance that we provided.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure, Ken. Good to hear from you. It's important just to remind ourselves that we're – in the assistant segment, the biggest problem that we're solving is competence. These $86 million filers need to know that they can ask a question from an expert at any time that they need to and have the ability to turn over their return if they so choose. And we are getting very good traction with full service, but it really plays, I would say, a Halo effect. What customers want to know is that, they can come in and if they choose to ask for help that they can get it, and somewhere in the experience, if they choose to just say here, let me give you all of my documents digitally that we can do it for them, or even if they choose to make that choice upfront. So full service beyond the actual number of customers that will end up using full service really is playing a Halo effect, which is what we learned in our test results last year, it really builds confidence for filers that are coming from the assisted category that I can get my questions answered, there's always going to be an expert at my side. And as a reminder last year, we experienced 70%-plus growth in TurboTax Live, and a majority of those customers actually came from the assisted category. So it's playing the role exactly as we had assumed that it would. And so far so good this season in terms of the traction that we’re getting.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, sure. Let me start Brad with the actual recovery, depending on the geography United States versus UK or different States within the U.S., every geography is performing differently. And just to use an example, we've got places like Florida, Texas, Arizona, Georgia, but have actually recovered quite nicely. And then you have places like Michigan and Washington, California and New York that are lagging. And then within that, you have industries that have come back all the way and industries that haven't. It’s the natural ones that you would assume, it's fitness, restaurants, travel. I’d bring that up in context of yet another data point, which is when we look across the data points that we see about a 25% of our customers, their net dollars in their bank account is down nearly 50%. So I give you those data points just to say that small businesses are still working hard to come back to where they were, and they're not all the way back. That's really important context relative to how our trends are doing. And what you heard from Michelle, which is, we watch acquisition, we watch retention, of course we watch our payments charge volume, the number of companies running payroll, the number of employees per company using payroll time tracking et cetera. And all of those indicators are at or above pre-COVID levels except the number of employees at small businesses. And that really tells you a lot about just the innovation that's happening on our platform, the power of our platform, and the fact that in times where small businesses are actually doing worse than they were prior to COVID are actually platform metrics are at or better than pre-COVID. And so that actually really bodes well for us to not only deliver for our customers, but the growth rates that we would expect as we look ahead. So good momentum and actually bullish about where we are in the opportunities for the future.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, thanks for your question, Keith. And in context of being a subscription business, a lot of the growth rate we're experiencing now is the things that were happening almost a year ago this time. And in context of slower acquisition, retention, dropping a couple of points starting in March of last year. And also, there are a number of things that have huge benefit for customers that we paused, things like payroll full-service, migration, we have a line for where you have to upgrade to QuickBooks Advanced we sort of dropped that line for a while. So it was the combination of acquisition or retention along with very intentional decisions we made around pricing and migration that has had an impact on the growth rates that we're seeing now. And in addition to all of that, we're lapping price increases that we had done the same time last year. So the long answer to your short question is, what we are starting to see now, we should expect the growth rates to be impacted in the year ahead, because a lot of the metrics and the trends that we're experiencing now, we'll see the follow-on benefits in the quarters ahead. But I would say almost think about a year out or so is the way – is the best way to think about it.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, sure, Sterling. Let me just if I could take it up one notch and I'll come back specifically to answer your question. There are a number of things that we have launched. We've launched Credit Karma Money at the end of the TurboTax experience where migrating, Turbo customers that with Turbo being deprecated to Credit Karma. And of course then, to your question launching TurboTax as part of the Credit Karma platform. So there are a number of big things that we're doing and all of them Sterling, I would think about them as long-term opportunities with our focus being testing and experimenting right now to really nail the experience. So I wouldn't expect a really big impacts from those in the near term, but we do expect these to deliver significant customer benefit and growth in the future, because we're really just testing and experimental and really nailed experience before we launch things at scale. So hopefully that answers your question.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. Kash. Let me hear from you. Let me start with live and the 86 million customers that today go to an assisted method. Based on research and work that we did several years ago, one of the learnings that we had is over 70 million of these 86 million customers are actually willing to use a digital platform as long as they can get a health and expertise to be able to file their taxes with confidence. And in fact, they would like to get help beyond taxes, which is where Credit Karma comes in. And so to your question of what we have learned with our beginning our fourth year with the live platform, we're more bullish about the opportunity ahead of us than we were even four years ago when we launched TurboTax live. Because in essence, what we've learned and that's informing what we're executing this season is one, we have 86 million folks that we need to get to consider the fact that there's a digital platform with an expert at their fingertips. And the fact that they can actually hand everything off digitally for an expert, which is where you see what we're doing in our marketing campaigns. And you may only see what we're doing off air on TV, but we've got an incredible campaign in educating our customers in multiple different digital channels to help them understand how this works, because we're really shaping and reshaping the category. So one is about education which is where a lot of our investment is going. The second is when they come in, really nailing the first-time use. Immediately when they come in, to help them understand how to get access to an expert, engaging with an expert, exchanging a document visually and seeing how easy it is. And then with now the launch of full service, if you choose to upgrade the full service or you come in and choose full service, how do we deliver instant benefits. Instant benefit by the way is confidence that there's an expert there. Now, which gets me to the other side of the equation, which I haven't mentioned, and that is our expert platform. That's really where we have advantage. A lot of our AI investments are actually improving our expert platform around scheduling, document exchange, making sure that we connect the right expert to the right customer. Ensuring that we deliver insights to the expert because of our machine learning capabilities, so that when the expert is talking to the customer it actually, they deliver confidence with their know-how and their knowledge, and then being able to, by the way the culture we're creating with the experts that we have on our platform that love the input culture or the income that they make and love the fact that they get to deliver for our customers in the comfort of their home. So those are the areas that we are focused on. And frankly, every day in the season we learned and we adjust and we love our momentum and the opportunities ahead. And what we'll learn over time is we're launching TurboTax Live as part of the Credit Karma platform. And what's unique in launching that as part of the Credit Karma platform is we'll actually be able to deliver a personalized experience because we'll know that you were a prior-year assisted customer. And that again will pay off in the long-term, but those are the things that we're testing now. In terms of your question around disrupting the mid-market with QuickBooks Advanced is a couple of things that we've learned. Frankly, we believe that we can even go higher in the market beyond 10 to a 100 employees. Now, our focus right now is 10 to 100 employees, but as we see the power of our platform and the ability for it to scale, we believe that we can actually serve even bigger mid-market customers at a disruptive price. And to your question, the things that we're continuing to add are things around like workflow management, automated invoice approvals batch in the saying, getting very deep integrations of critical apps that these customers need to be able to grow their business and run their business, some of which Michelle actually mentioned in the script around like DocuSign, HubSpot, Salesforce just a few example. And every day we're learning what we need to add to the platform, but it's a lot of what we do today, just a much, much higher scale. And the confidence has given us is not only being able to go up market, but we're actually – we have now 70% of the customers that we're getting are upgraders and 30% that are new to the franchise. And we're actually seeing our new to the franchise growing even at a faster rate than what we thought without the focus yet in place to be able to go after new to the franchise. So those are the few elements that I think are worth sharing Kash.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, sure, Brent. One of the things that we've been pretty consistent in communicating is that our growth rates would decline sequentially before they start bouncing and going back up. And that's really what we saw in Q2. It is very consistent with what we expected. And it's consistent with what we expected on a couple of fronts. One, because this time last year or starting in March for several months both acquisition slowed, but also our attrition popped, but in addition to that, there are things that as I mentioned a few moments ago that we paused, like full service migration, we paused our QuickBooks Advanced lineup for those upgraders. We didn't ask them to move up because we didn't want to have them experience that in the early COVID times. And so what we're experiencing now is just a reflection of some of those key indicators that we experienced earlier in the year. And we are on top of that lapping a price increase that we did last year that we didn't do this year. So you've put all of that together. We're actually quite pleased with the growth rates that we experienced in the quarter. Although we expected it to be lower than the last quarter. And then as we look ahead, as I mentioned in the coming quarters and year ahead, a lot of the indicators that Michelle and I shared will start turning into revenue growth, but everything is per our expectation. I think the only thing that's not per our expectation is the business is actually performing better than what we thought in the pandemic and therefore we're bullish about the future.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Kirk it actually has. I mean, I would say if I look at it across the globe, the United States has really not just bounced back nicely, but just the resiliency of our platform. The innovation on the platform is really allowing us to see all the indicators get back to or better than pre-COVID levels. When we look at outside of the United States, countries like UK, Australia, France actually were hit much harder and to your point, they are still, specifically in UK and France in a lockdown so that has impacted the growth rate relative to what we see in the United States. But all of that is within the context of the guidance that we have provided, it has seen a hit.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, sure. Good to hear from you, Michael. Just as a quick refresher, there are three elements around growth in Credit Karma. It’s going to core, which is credit cards and personal loans. It’s expanding our growth verticals, which is auto and home loans and insurance. And then emerging verticals, which is really all around assets, which is money innovation. And none of this is really coming from the third bucket. And the second point I would make is, we sort of have a 75-25, about 75% of the revenue is coming from in the credit cards and personal loans and 25% coming from the growth verticals, which is auto and home loans and insurance, which is actually really improved versus about a year ago, where it was 95% at credit cards and personal loans. And specifically, would that context to answer your question. We’re seeing more partners come back on the platform, we’re seeing new partners come on, we’re starting to see higher spend and because of just the innovation with LightBox and does better matching, we’re getting more customers to actually get connected to the financial products that are right for them and partners are benefiting from it. So the performance we experienced this quarter is just we’re seeing stronger momentum, when it comes to credit cards, personal loans and then the growth vertical specifically around auto insurance. And when we – look ahead, our overall guidance was just based on the trajectory that we assume for the year, and we’ll just have to continue to see how these verticals play out, but we liked the momentum that we see, but that could be the reason in the long-term for over performance to your question. Specifically around margin, it really important to note that one, we manage margins at the company level. And so really pay attention to the guidance that we provided the company level. Two, we are investing in Credit Karma. It is a – we see it in the long-term as a big growth engine for the company. The penetration, when you think about the 110 million members that Credit Karma has the penetration with all these different financial products that I mentioned, it’s actually still quite low. So it’s actually quite exciting, as we look ahead the possibilities of increasing penetration. So we are investing dollars in Credit Karma, all within the context of the guidance and margin expansion guidelines that we have provided. So I wouldn’t get too anchored on the current quarter margin rates. It was more because it performed better than what we thought and some of the investments and hiring shifted between quarters. I would more focus on company level operating income that we provided and margin rates that we provided.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Jen. Thanks for your question. What I would say is, the economic indicators are still below pre-COVID levels. It’s more our own indicators and the performance of our platform that has bounced back and in many cases better than the pre-COVID levels, which gets I think the essence of your question, and that is, our goal in the long-term has not changed. We believe that we will get this business specifically, the online revenue growth back above 30% and we just need to keep executing our game plan. And I would tell you that we don’t think it’s heavily relied upon how the economy bounces back, because if you look at where we are today versus six months ago, a lot of the performance that we are talking about is based on the performance of the platform at our execution and the innovation on our platform. Now, at the end of the day, this economy does need a stimulus – fiscal stimulus to get people back into jobs, but that is not the anchor for us to get back to the growth rates that we believe we could get back to it. It’ll just take some time.
Sasan Goodarzi: Kartik, thank you for your question. Our main focus around pricing will be, when we believe it’s the right time given how small businesses are performing and given the pandemic. It is actually not related to our innovation, but as you know, we now have innovation that allows us to go up market with both QuickBooks Advanced and QuickBooks Live, which is a much higher ARPU offering. We have the ability at the garner higher price from customers, but from a price increase perspective, it’s less about the metrics and indicators that we see with our own platform, but more when we believe is the right time to raise prices with customers given, what they’re experiencing and the challenges that they’re experiencing for their business. So the two are in many ways unrelated in terms of the way we think about it.
Sasan Goodarzi: What I would share with you that we’ve learned about the Credit Karma base as a big portion of their customers actually use an assisted method. And that is actually what is exciting to us now. Because they have 110 million members, you can imagine that a strong cross section of folks in the U.S., whether Latin ex, self-employed those that are retail investors. So that cross section is generally consistent with the customers we serve in TurboTax today. What different is, we’ve got a good majority of those customers that in the prior year used an assisted method.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, sure. Thank you, Siti. First of all, we’re very excited about QuickBooks Commerce and it’s also very, very early innings with QuickBooks Commerce. And the acquisition we just made with OneSaas actually allows us to bring data into the platform from marketplaces, from POS providers, from fulfillment apps. And so it really actually helps us – help the customer understand how they're doing and their profitability, which is what’s most important to the customers. We actually had to restrict the top of the funnel to ensure that we can nail the customer experience. And so our focus first was ensuring that we can serve new customers that don't use our inventory today. Our next focus will be existing QBO customers that don't use any of our inventory capabilities. And then third will be existing QBO customers that actually do use our inventory capabilities. And the reason that's important is we want to ensure that if a customer already has inventory, that we can easily sync all the product catalogs and their product numbers, and to keep their books clean. So net-net, we're just getting started. We had to restrict the top of the funnel because of the demand and the excitement that was out there because we want to be very intentional in terms of building out the capability. Very early indicators are positive with the number of customers that we have on our platform. But again, think about QuickBooks Commerce, think about QuickBooks Cash as these are long-term plays in terms of when and how they will deliver growth, but so far we're bullish about the early indicators.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. The biggest thing, well, first of all, it's very early days. So we look at more cohort of customers versus the aggregate numbers. The biggest reason we're so focused on retention right now with QuickBooks Live is we're focused on understanding customer needs and really nailing the experience, because QuickBooks Live there are customers that come in to get set up. There are customers that come in that want us to provide them advice. And they're just – they're looking for bookkeeping advice and there are our customers actually want us to do their taxes for them and run their books for them. And what we're really being intentional about is understanding what are the needs, what are the experience that we need to deliver? And what does that look like on the platform, which is why you heard me mention retention. Retention right now is more focused on cohorts. And it is a lower than QBO only because we're looking at different cohorts of customers and their needs are very different. And before we really open up the top of the funnel, we want to make sure that every customer loves the experience that they're getting from us on QuickBooks Live and the team is just innovating like crazy to close some of the gaps in. So we're excited about the possibilities.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, Arvind, it's not particularly just from the crypto users, we're just – there are just millions more of customers that are doing their own trading in the U.S. and outside of the United States. And come tax time, they need to be able to do their taxes. And so we're just seeing increase in our Premier product, both with live, because if you need assistance, you can use live. And if you want to Do-It-Yourself, you'd just use force our [ph] Premier Do-It-Yourself product. So we're seeing an overall increase based on an increase in retail investing. I think call out something that's material on the crypto side.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. The way we designed our long-term growth rates is under-penetrated segments, which is investment community, self-employed and Latinx and its TurboTax Live. And with TurboTax Live, just by design, it has a higher ARPU. Now – right now we are so early in the shaping of the category and being able to acquire our customers that the best thing for you all to anchor on is what we shared at Investor Day, which is our long-term expectations just on the tax side is 8% to 12%. And probably the largest driver of the higher end is ARPU. And just know that we're being very intentional about right now, raising awareness close with our campaigns, but the free expertise that we're providing for those that have very simple returns, just to create awareness in the category, but in the long-term, it's ARPU because of the assistant segment.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure Michael, thank you for your question. The point I made earlier was twofold. One that this is a learning year for us in launching TurboTax as part of the Credit Karma platform. And we're just running a lot of experiments to make sure that we can deliver a fantastic experience before we go big in the out years. But the second comment that I made is that that a good portion, we've not divulged the number of Credit Karma members use the assisted segment. And it's very much connected to when you look at there's $155 million or $160 million IRS returns, $86 million are in the assistant segment, proportionality is the same thing within the Credit Karma base. So that's the point that I was making earlier. To your second question about RALs, really the biggest driver of getting a customer to use a digital platform is actually confidence, not early access to their money. They have to first have confidence that they can get their taxes done right with you, which is where our experts and expertise comes in. And that's really where a lot of our investments are going. We also provide early access to your refund, but really the big driver is about ensuring that we deliver confidence to our experts.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, first of all, we're really focused on getting these customers to come to our platform by ensuring that they know that they can get access to an expert. So confidence is first and foremost, and of course our different methods that we can help these customers get early access to the refund. That's very, very consumer friendly. So the answer is yes, but it's secondary to providing expertise to these customers to use the platform.
Sasan Goodarzi: And thank you everybody. I know we ran a little bit over. I appreciate everyone's questions. I wish everyone well stay safe until next time. We'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you, everybody.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Hey, Ken, thanks for the question here. Lightbox is a great technology that really is – enables us to have a winning experience for both the customer and for our partners, our financial institution partners, as well as us. There is nothing more frustrating than for a customer to come in and not be able to get access to a financial product that they thought they would. And so, it enables the financial institutions to be able to better target the products that they have and then customers are much more likely to actually be approved. So with the metrics that we have right now, we'll have to see how those trends over time, we're very excited about it, we want to continue to have more and more transactions go through Lightbox, because as we said, it's a better experience for the customer and it also is a better experience for our partners.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Yes. Thank you, Brad. Good question. We are off to a strong start with Credit Karma, feel good about the progress that they're making. We're seeing the business bounce back more quickly from the pandemic than we had expected, not all the way back to pre-COVID levels, but definitely making progress there. When you think about seasonality in the business, they do see a little bit stronger in the January, February time period, but there isn't a huge seasonality in the business. But I would say in January, February is a little bit more of an uptick. As people are coming into the new year and some of those new resolutions and so forth, but that's what I would say you guys should expect.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Thanks for the question Keith, first of all. For us as we've been thinking about margins and margin expansion, really the biggest driver of any of that is us becoming more and more of an AI driven expert platform. And so you may see some expenses here, there, and obviously you see margins move around a little bit quarter-to-quarter. But I would say really focus on our guidance, which is after last year expanding margins a point. This year we expect margins to expand approximately 110 basis points, once you're excluding Credit Karma. And that is really us continuing to evolve, to being more of a platform company and seeing those areas for us to drive margin expansion across the company everything from technology to customer success to go to market. And so that is the biggest driver of margin expansion for us across the company.
Michelle Clatterbuck: No, that's okay. I was just going to say, Kirk actually the PPP revenue that we got that was actually in Q4 we saw that. And so we did have about a four point decline, if my memory serves me correctly, 28% Online Ecosystem revenue growth in Q4, which then dropped to 24% in Q1 and that actually had a PPP in it, but we didn't have anything material in Q1.
Michelle Clatterbuck: No, Jen. That program – the new PPP program has been moving, you may have seen it in the process and moving much more slowly than anyone had anticipated, and now we don’t have anything in that material on that Q2 results.
