Michelle Clatterbuck: Thanks, Brad, and good afternoon everyone. For the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we delivered revenue of $1 billion, up 12% year-over-year. A GAAP operating loss of $10 million versus a $35 million loss a year ago. NON-GAAP operating income of $102 million versus $65 million last year. GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.13 versus a loss per share of $0.01 a year ago. And non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.29, up 71% versus $0.17 last year. Our GAAP earnings per share for the first quarter includes a $41 million excess tax benefit on the share based compensation. Turning to the business segments, total Small Business and Self-Employed revenue grew 11% during the quarter. Online ecosystem revenue remains strong with growth of 42%. As we shared last quarter, we believe the best measure of the health and success of our strategy going forward is online ecosystem revenue growth which we continue to expect to grow better than 30%. We are pleased with the continued growth of both online accounting and online services revenue. QuickBooks Online subscribers grew 41%, ending the quarter with nearly 3.6 million subscribers. Growth remained strong across multiple geographies with U.S. subscribers growing 35% to approximately 2.7 million and international subscribers growing 61% to over 880,000. Within QuickBooks Online self-employed subscribers grew to approximately 745,000, up from roughly 425,000 one year ago. As we told you last quarter we expect total subscriber growth to begin to moderate from as we shift our emphasis in the next chapter of the business model evolution. Desktop ecosystem revenue was down 4% in the first quarter, consistent with the mid single digits decline we indicated last quarter. Within the desktop ecosystem our QuickBooks enterprise customers continue to grow at a double digit pace in the first quarter. During fiscal 2019, we continue to expect QuickBooks desktop unit to decline single digits and Desktop ecosystem revenue to be roughly flat. Total consumer revenue was up 22% in one of our smallest quarters of the year. Looking ahead to the upcoming tax season we have an opportunity to address the needs of even more tax filers with TurboTax Live. Last year, the product contributed to a 2 point increase in retention, brought customers into the franchise at a faster pace than our TurboTax online offering and attracted first time filers at a higher rate. As Brad mentioned, we continue to expect tax reform to be a catalyst for the DIY category this season. As a reminder we [Technical Difficulty] provide a tax unit update in late February concurrent with our second quarter earnings release. We will also provide a final update in late April after the tax season ends. Professional tax revenue within the Strategic Partner Group grew 6% in the first quarter in line with our expectations. Turning to our financial principles, we remain committed to growing organic revenue double digits and growing operating income dollars faster than revenue. We continue to take a disciplined approach to capital management investing the cash we generate in opportunities that yield a return on investments greater than 15%. Our first priority to the cash we generate continues to be investing in the business to drive customer and revenue growth. Next, we consider acquisitions to accelerate our growth and fill out our product roadmap. We returned excess cash that we can't invest profitably in the business to shareholders via both share repurchases and dividends. We finished the quarter with 1.3 billion in cash and investments on our balance sheet. We repurchased over 101 million of stock in the first quarter. Approximately 3.1 billion remain on our authorization and we expect to be in the market each quarter this year. The Board approved a quarterly dividend of $0.47 per share payable January 18, 2019. This represents a 21% increase versus last year. Second quarter guidance for fiscal 2019 includes revenue growth of 10% to 11%, GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.55 to $0.58 and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.85 to $0.88. We’re also reiterating our fiscal 2019 guidance provided last quarter. You can find our Q2 and fiscal 2019 guidance details in our press release and on our fact sheet. With that, I will turn it back to Brad to close.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Hi Walter thanks for the question. Yes, every single year, we have to look and see exactly how the season is going to play out. One of the biggest drivers -- so first of all, you have 606 this year, which I think we’ve given some information last quarter and on the Investor Relations website to help you understand that a little bit more. The other thing that just comes into play every single year is the IRS opening day. And so, the IRS has not released when they are opening yet and so we’ve make to some assumptions on that, so we will just have to see how that plays out.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Yes, we did see some strong margin in Q1, a couple of things I’d just tell you to think about. We do sometimes have operating expenses that can shift from quarter-to-quarter, and we’re seeing a little bit of that happen from Q1 this year -- or into Q2. We did give the guidance reiterated it so we do feel that that’s a good place to focus for the total year. So that’s really what I would focus on, as I would focus more on the total year, and I wouldn’t get overly concerned with some of the movements that we may see between quarter-to-quarter.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Thanks for the question Michael. There has been quite a number of questions around it that’s why we thought it was important to address a potential down turn and what that might look like for us. For us, we really do go back to focusing on our fundamentals which are for us or our financial principles. We see us as enduring and that goes when you think about growing organic revenue and then growing operating income dollars faster than revenue. We really are, no matter what we think about the economic environment, looking to deploy our cash to the highest opportunities we have. We do have a 15% ROI target over five years and that’s where we continue to focus.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Thanks for the question. Couple of different things, I would say if, first of all when we look at the TurboTax business, one of the things we look at, specifically we were looking at the marketing spend. As we really look at a payback within the current year and that’s what we focus on, we don’t get overly focused on when this going to occur, whether its Q2 or Q3, it is around making the best decision for the tax season and making sure that we do have that payback within the current season. Brad did reference that last year we spent more in the late season this year. Again, we have to opportunity to look at the entire season, we mainly from different positions there. The only other things I would say you called out specifically at the tax reform consultation that we’re providing this year that is right now is for a two week time period in November, believe it's 13th through the 27th of this month and it does give people a chance to call in and see exactly, how tax reform might impact them going forward. So obviously the impact to that would be in this current quarter.
Michelle Clatterbuck: And you actually, yes, you answered it in your own question. It is really as we look at the strength that we’ve seen. You're coming off of FY’18 it was a really strong year for us across each of the pieces of our business, and we continue to see that strength come into Q1. And so, I would say it is more of the strength that we’re seeing in the business versus any other shift outside of the just the normal shift you’d see with the 606 change. So thank you.
Brad Smith: Thank you, Michelle. Putting a bow around our performance this quarter, we are pleased with the strong start to fiscal year 2019 and we look forward to accelerating our momentum as we head into peak season. Our One Intuit Ecosystem strategy continues to take shape and I could not be more proud of the innovation and the results that our employees are delivering. As you know, this is my last earnings call as Intuit's CEO. Effective January 1st, I will transition to the role to Executive Chairman, as Sasan Goodarzi takes the reins. It has been a privilege to serve as Intuit's CEO for the past 11 years. I could not be more confident in Sasan and the next generation of Intuit's leadership team. As I look ahead, I have never felt better about Intuit's future. I want to thank you for your support over these many years and I look forward to the continued progress the Company will achieve in this next chapter. And with that, let’s open it up to hear what’s on your mind. Gigi, we will turn it back to you.
Brad Smith: Great, thanks Brad, thanks for the comments on the quarter and we will be happy to talk about that. When we put together our guidance for the year, we factored in any of the potential trade down risk as well as the up side which is quite frankly much larger. When we think about the number of people using an assisted tax prep method, they are also going to qualify for the standard deduction and we will now have the opportunity to move into a do it yourself solution because the taxes are simpler, where they'll have an innovative solution like TurboTax Live where they can get assistance, if they lose confidence in any point of the process. So as you saw that fundamentally lead to a higher guidance for this year’s tax season than what we provided last year as well as a more robust long-term outlook. Now in terms of our principles, we continue to strive across the Company to grow our customer bases as fast as we can because we know ultimately that will create a pipeline of growth over the long-term as they continue to grow and have increased problems that we can solve. But that being said we are in a unique situation right now as we launch TurboTax Live, which is creating an opportunity to serve $20 billion total addressable market that at to this point, we weren’t able to effectively serve. And that comes with a higher average revenue per return, so when you introduced that to the mix even as we grow customers, we believe that you’re going to get an uplift from that revenue per return, which is going to drive the overall performance of the segment. So, we would not be surprised this year, if revenue grows faster than customers and the tax business is going to be primarily because of mix. But I want to be really clear, our primary goal is to grow the do it yourself category and to grow our share in that category. And if we’re not growing share, we don’t consider that to be a successful season.
Brad Smith: Yes, Brad, we’re really kind of step away from that, the reason being is first we think the overall health of the category and that business is really going to be driven by the Online Ecosystem revenue being greater than 30%. The other reason is we’re moving into a chapter of apples and oranges on what qualifies as a subscriber. We’ve a self-employed SKU, we’ve QuickBooks Online, we’re launching QuickBooks Online Advanced, they come with very different average revenue per returns, and now we’re introducing the new front doors, the ability to have a standalone payments offering or a standalone payroll offering and the question will be what counts as a sub? And so our view is, look all those are solving important problems, that’s why it's most important to focus on online ecosystem revenue. While we did provide us a little bit of a gating factor for people to think about is we will not be proud of our performance if we don’t add at least as many net subs as we did last year. So if we think about that as a qualifier, when you think about the number of subs that we added, that’s the kind of goal that we put out there for ourselves.
Brad Smith: And as you pointed out, our portfolio over 35 years has proven to be resilient and with the points that you called out, taxes are going to need to be filed regardless of the economy. On the small business side, we’ve learnt to look past some of the more public facing indices, things like small business optimism because if that’s going up, that’s not a surprise for us because one out of two small businesses fail in the first five years. We're always sure it’s going to be the other person. So, they’re just natural optimists and that’s why we love an entrepreneur and a small business owner. So, we look for more the leading indicators that the real health of their business and we look at things like charge volume. Are they hiring employees? Are they hiring contract workers? Are those workers working longer hours? Are they actually increasing the wages for those workers? At this point in time, we’ve not seen any of those indicators weaken and so we still believe that there’s a lot of noise in the market certainly in terms of the investment community and equity market, but we haven’t seen that show up on Main Street yet, but as you might imagine and we shared this at Investor Day, we've already got game plans in place that should there be a softening in the market we know what actions we need to take to both help customers grow but also ensure we deliver on our commitments.
Brad Smith: Brent, we’ve been focused on as we talked about in the opening comments, our online services, we're still very excited about the opportunity to get more people into QBO. We've also decided and found that it was an opportunity for us to get down a parallel path and get more of these attached services or online services. This past quarter online payroll attached to QBO revenue grew 36%, payments grew 34%, and we’re really getting down to the blocking and tackling, simple design, that makes it easier to discover inside the offering, trying to be able to pre-populate data where possible so you can get to a benefit very quickly and those are the execution pieces, and then there’s a new innovation, things like same day payroll, the ability to actually if you file before that 10’o clock time on the East Coast, you can get your payroll done in the same day. And that is a big acceleration from what you’re able to do with most other offerings in the competitive market, so that basically allows you to hold on your money longer and that’s a compelling value prop for small business owners. So what we're doing right now is, improving our execution, simpler design, easier to discover, pre-populate data and also introducing breakthrough renovation there, alternatives don't have in the market we think makes our value proposition even that much more compelling.
Brad Smith: Walter, you actually hit the key drivers, you did a nice job of summarizing it. The bulk of this really been driven by our core payroll and payment, so we do have an nice upside with TSheets which came in, but that is not the bulk of that improvement. The bulk of that improvement is coming from improved execution, simpler design, easier discoverability, faster time to benefit and in the new innovation like same day payroll or next day funding and payments. And it's those wider two things, it’s the new innovation we’re bringing to market that we think is really shifting the playing field more in our direction and you’re going to see more of that coming from us in the future, TSheets is a nice top spin on top of that.
Brad Smith: Yes, thanks Shankar, this is Brad. So, yes, we have continued to see an acceleration in QBO revenue and we suggest that that’s the best indicator of the health of this business going forward. What’s really driving that is a combination of things. First and foremost, we continue to be able to execute both new subscribers but also getting online services, up and running, things on payroll and payments or TSheets as we were just talking about. The second is as we bring customers in, we sometimes have a promotional discount for an introductory trial period, and then once the anniversary off of that trial period then their average revenue per customer goes up in that 13th month in a nice healthy bump. And so, we got a larger base that continues to anniversary of that add, so you get a lift in ARPU and revenues as a result of that. The third is, we’ve been delivering more compelling value propositions and new feature functionality to customers so our retention rates going up. And if you can go back to Investor Day, you’ll see we improved the retention rate of QBO as well, and so that continues to drive revenue. And then last but not least, we have opportunities as we look ahead to get smarter about our promotions. And so, we have been adjusting things like the kinds of promotions we offer to accountants, we found the sweet spot of what they would get the unit list, we’re looking for without leaving too much on the table. And when you put those combinations together, it’s attached services, it’s the ability for us to have that anniversary group come off of their promotional trial period. We have the opportunity to do things that get wiser on our promotions and then we have improved retention from just stronger value props with new feature functionality and that’s driving the revenue. I will continue to go back to our talking points that we want to keep that Online Ecosystem revenue greater than 30%. We are delighted to see it at 42% now and we’re going to continue to keep our foot on the pedal and see how we can drive that.
Brad Smith: Well, each year we always anticipate the best from our competitors we have really good competitors in the market. We often talk about the respect we have for them, they keep us on our toes and they actually improve the game for the end consumer. So, we expect a very competitive tax season as we do each year at the same time I feel like we’ve got a really strong line up in place. We’ve got a compelling offering that’s going to be hard to match with TurboTax Live. Our team has got several things that they’re going to be introducing on our core TurboTax product that we’ll talk a little bit closer to tax season about. So I feel like we’ve got our best foot forward and we expect to have a really competitive, but in our case we believe we have the chances to have another very successful tax season.
Brad Smith: First of all, we can look at evidence we already have in the market on the desktop of QuickBooks Enterprise on desktop. We have a 140,000 customers there with business it's north of 440 million both units and revenue growing double digit on that platform, and over the years, we’ve come to appreciate, but that mix ends up being somewhere in the neighborhood of about 70% or stretchers, the existing QuickBooks customers who need to continue to grow and add functionality as they add employee. And then about 30% of what we call flinchers where the product is disruptive in the market and were priced at a level that we’re able to get customers off of competitive platforms and onto QuickBooks Enterprise. So our going in assumption is we’ve a 180,000 in the QBO customer base that look a lot like that 140,000 in desktops, so those are our target profiles and those would be the ones that we want to keep in the family and simply have them be stretchers. And of course as we introduce this product and we continue to add functionality, we think it's going to be just a disruptive than the cloud as it is for the desktop players and we think we will get some switchers from other alternatives as well. But right now, the best proxy we have is the evidence we already proven in desktop and that tend to break down about 70/30 split.
Brad Smith: Thank you, Kirk. Obviously, we’re proud of the results right now, 61% growth year-over-year in the international markets. We hit a escape velocity on our three core markets Canada, UK and Australia. UK continues to be the darling of the bunch, they are adding customers at a rate much faster than the competitive alternatives in the market, and we continue to see our net promoter’s score or product recommendation scores advance in each of those markets. As we think about the next group of countries, we continue to have France, Brazil and India; and we’re monitoring things like active use, product recommendation scores and we’re seeing positive trends in those countries as well. They haven’t hit escape velocity yet but they are getting closer. So net, net I would say if the three core markets we talk often about with UK being the belle of the ball in that group.
Brad Smith: Thank you, Matt. So first of all, I will go back to coming out of last tax season. We had two big insights for TurboTax Live where our hypotheses actually were off last year, but we discovered some upside opportunity. The first was we had anticipated TurboTax Live would be a service that would be something that people with more complex returns would be interested in. But then we quickly understood that people who have more simpler returns also have areas where they don’t have confidence and they would benefit from an on demand expect. So that lead us to, we need to have TurboTax Live not just as a bundle but actually as an add-on service for the simplest returns all way up to the more complex returns. The second thing that we discovered is we had held back on our go-to-market and advertising to the second half of season, because our assumption had been more complicated returns coming in second half, so let’s put the marketing there. We've come to appreciate as I just said, that having an access to an expert applies to people early in the season as it does later, so there we have a more robust go to market plan that we got set up for the full season as well. Now just happens to be the competition has come out recently and talked about some of the things they plan to do and that gets me excited, because we already had our plans in place and I think this better positions us to be able to address what they are doing, while also take advantage of the opportunities we learned last year in tax season.
Brad Smith: As you just pointed out, those 8 million to 20 million are spread across multiple tax prep methods, they don’t all fit in do it yourself, many are going to be coming into the categories for the first time some are in the tax source, some are with pros because that’s the way the parents may have filed, or that just maybe the way they’ve historically been more comfortable because they wanted to have advise on a certain area of their tax return and then some are in DIY. So the first thing we’re doing is, we’re going to continue to make sure they understand that there’s a better alternative in the market which happens to be TurboTax and that's going to be our go to market campaign where we’ll have our message out there in all forms of media. The second is our word of mouth will work in our favor and we’ve higher net promoter scores in the alternatives in the market that needs people talk about these are the kind of solutions I used to get my taxes done, and they’ll tell their friends and family. And then third is with the introduction of TurboTax Live, anyone who historically would say it may be a standardized deduction, but I am still nervous for this reason they’ll have the ability to come into our solution and be able to get that question answered so that they don’t have any nagging question unanswered when they file. So think about it as a robust integrated marketing campaign, word of mouth continuing to work in our favor and then the network of experts available just in case you decide that you still have nagging question, you don't have to make the arbitrary choice to getting your car and drive somewhere, you can log in right from the solution and get your question answered on demand. And we thought through this and we feel pretty good about our assumptions, and we think we’ve got a strong plan in place to be able to capture as many of those as we can.
Brad Smith: Yes, Sterling, I think you just did a nice job of summarizing it. We went through this at the Investor Day. We have strategy plot or a plan on the page, it had five sort of solar system rings to it, but the first is to extend our leadership position in the do it yourself category. We conclude being competitive on free as well as introducing a digital innovation to the paid offering so we continue to grow faster than the category and takes here and do it yourself, and that’s going to be a core part of our strategy this year. The next part of that strategy is to transform the assisted tax prep market with TurboTax Live, and we’re very excited with the offering and we’re really excited about the leading indicators we saw in October in the extension filing season. And so the thing that we introduced including access to an expert on mobile device, the ability to send questions in and get a response in 24 hours, or the ability for you to have different price points, so you could use an expert with the simplest return to the complex returns, is just three examples. And so those are the fundamental two prongs of this year’s strategy. If you look at the rest of the strategy it goes beyond tax and to being a financial identity and expanding into things like Turbo and Mint and then eventually exploring global; but this year I would tell you it’s a two pronged approach. Our go-to-market model will be with both do it yourself and the TurboTax Live offering, and we feel like we -- when we introduce our new product line up, it is going to be easier for customers to know which one is right for them and we think that our marketing campaign will make that even clearer. So we’re very excited and I think what you’re going to end up seeing is the do it yourself category continue to grow faster than the other categories. We plan to take share of that category and we think our revenue per return will probably pop a little bit because we’re going to get a favorable mix shift with TT Live.
Brad Smith: It’s been great, and you and I’ve talked about this -- we go back a lot of years and I appreciate your kind words as well. And to answer your question specifically about TSheets, it may be our single most successful acquisition we’ve done in recent memory. We just had a Board meeting three weeks ago; as we do every other year I think you all are aware of this we do a retrospect of all of our acquisitions this time we went back 35 years. We looked at every acquisition in the Company's history, then we broke it down to the last 10 years and then we broke it down to the last two years. And we measured the performance of all these acquisitions against the original business case, we have presented to the Board and how they performed both strategically as well as financially. And I can tell you that our capability and learning from our scar tissue as well as our successes, which ones work and which ones don’t, has increased our ability to bring these acquisitions in and help them be successful faster and TSheets is benefiting from that. They’ve really helped us inside the Company, think differently about how to move with speed, and we help them with the channels and the innovation they were looking for to be able to reach the broader audience that they were hoping to get to. And so in terms of our go forward approach, our strategy remains unchanged and we know what problems we need to solve for customers. The question becomes do we build, do we partner or do we buy, and if the ultimate answer is buy then it gets held up against the 15% rate of return over a five year period like any other decision we make and that’s what ends up helping us make the decision what we’re going to buy. But I hope you hear that our play book has got more refined, our execution capability has improved and our board and we were very intellectually honest about our performance and we are getting better each year in terms of our ability to bring acquisitions in and try them in a success.
Brad Smith: Thank you, Michael, and I will start with where you left on in terms of the kind words. This team has performed incredibly well over 35 years and I certainly benefited from their expertise and their execution for the last 11 in the seat. So, it's been a pleasure to work with them in the field. Let me start with the first, virtualization our block and their decisions recently been more transparent on price and to roll out some of their approaches. I think first and foremost, I will go back to the ten year trend, because we’re seeing a lot of promotional discounts and early refunds and refund anticipation loans in the tax source, but if you look at a 10 year period, the IRS returns have growth six tenth of a percent. Pros have grown three tenth of a percent. Tax source have declined 2.9% and TurboTax during that period of time has grown 6.3%. So what is the path and when they get to promotional battles this is often between the tax prep methods, it doesn’t necessary change anyone’s decision if we’re going to lead the category and go to a do it yourself solution. I think the second challenge to that is, $59 is incredibly competitive when you’re thinking tax store to tax store, but it pales in comparison to free when you think about do it yourself. And so, I think that’s the first headline. The second is quite frankly, I mean sincerely, I had a ton of respect for each in our block as does our company. We had a ton of respect for Credit Karma for Tax Act and all the other players out there. Each one of them brings something unique and different to the category. So it will be hard for me to tell you which one we spend more time thinking about because we look at all of them and it used to be called plagiarism now it's called benchmarking. We look to learn from our competitors and we want to make sure that we have a better game, so we can get out there and compete in the market and earn the customers trust and earn the customers business. As I think to the future, this is really for Sasan and the leadership team, but I will tell you that we’re fundamentally going to continue down the path we’re on, which is a platform company that unlocks this ecosystem. And if you get underneath that, what is the major thing that is powering that? And that quite frankly is data that had been in a trusted and secured manner, stewarded by the Company and then we match that with artificial intelligence to machine learning to do amazing things for customers they could’ve never thought possible. And so if I had to boil it down to anything, it is the power of data which the customers could sense, that we could match up with our science our algorithms and our data science to make magical things happen that I think will be the single biggest breakthrough that’s a sign of the team all over and they’ll continue to drive forward over the next five years.
Brad Smith: Yes, Brad, that’s correct. So, you’re referring to the Google Cloud Services and some of our capabilities that we have, working with Google on the data and the data lake as well as on the Amazon Web Services. Yes, we’re early days and we’re primarily right now working with Amazon Web Services on most of our offerings. We are running some experiments in a sort of a parallel path with the Google Cloud, but at the end of the day we’re very early days in that regard, and we’ll continue to share more as we learn more.
Brad Smith: Great, thank you Gigi. And let me just wrap up by reiterating that we feel very good with our Q1 performance. We’re out of the gate strong as we head into our peak season. We’re building momentum with some positive leading indicators as we came through these first three months. But as you all know, the real game starts now and comes down to execution. It’s our team’s favorite part of the year. We feel that we’re ready. We've got a strong product lineup, a strong go-to-market game plan. And I want to thank you for questions, I definitely want to thank you for your kind wishes and I hope everyone has a wonderful holiday season, and we will speak with you soon. Take care.
