Brad D. Smith: All right, thank you, Neil. As you can see from the results we discussed today, the long-term story remains the same. We're benefiting from a secular shift, a shift towards Connected Services, and we have a durable strategy that is growing our categories and increasing our share. We're in a digital jet stream. Consumers and small businesses are increasingly demanding access to applications any time, anywhere and on any device. That demand will only get stronger with the proliferation of mobile devices. Our job is to put innovative products on our customers' hands and to make it inconceivable that they can go back to manual or competitive methods to do their work. We recognize how distracting it can be when the predominant news of the day focuses on the challenges in our global economy. But we feel very good about the resiliency of Intuit's business model and the consistent performance that we've been able to deliver. I'm proud of our results so far this year and I'd like to thank our employees for their hard work. And with that, let's open it up to you for your questions.
Brad D. Smith: Let me start with H&R Block and TaxACT. Clearly, we had been preparing for either scenario and outcome, and we felt we were prepared for whichever way it went. Obviously, the decision's been made, we have a lot of respect for both competitors. We also know both competitors really well. We believe we have a game plan in place that will allow us to continue to do what we've done since we've competed with both of them for years, and that is to continue to grow the category and continue to take share. So that's how we feel right now about that decision. In terms of mobile and social, our teams continue to create innovative new ways to help customers solve problems through mobile devices. Examples this quarter were the continuing growth of our ISS banking customers on mobile devices. I mentioned that, that customer base has tripled over the last 12 months, 1.2 million users. We also have Mint for the iPad, it was an exciting product that was launched to rave reviews and we're excited to see the early results from that as well. I just finished up a trip around all of our sites, visiting 15 sites in the last 30 days, and had the chance to look at some of the neat things that our engineers are working on in the pipeline. And I will tell you, I've never seen such momentum behind an initiative as what we're seeing right now behind mobile. So lots of good stuff in the pipeline, some good things in the market, some very positive early results and we'll have to stay tuned to see how much impact they have, but we're pretty encouraged.
Brad D. Smith: So our Payments business is really building some momentum. As you heard, our merchants grew up 11%. Total charge volume was up about 3% and we're seeing really strong growth in our GoPayments application, which continues to accelerate as more customers want to use mobile devices. We did get a benefit from Durbin, that was a couple of 2 to 3 points. The rest of it was all organic growth and based upon what we're seeing in the market and our game plan, we believe we're going to continue to have a strong year in Payments throughout the year. And what you're seeing in these results, it's not one time. This is actually organic and, we believe, ongoing growth.
Brad D. Smith: Let me talk about the outage. You're right, over the last 1.5 years to 2 years, we've recognized, since we've become more of a Connected Services company, the most important feature a customer want in any of those products is always-on delivery, 24/7 availability. I'm proud to say, the company, that we have made a lot of progress but clearly, we're not all the way across the finish line as evidenced by an outage that our banking customers witnessed about 1.5 weeks ago. We had many of our banking customers that were without Online Banking capabilities for several hours. It is deeply disappointing and I can tell you that it is highly mobilizing for us as a team. What basically happened was we had a severe hardware failure. It created an electrical short that took out 3 independent UPS systems and it also corrupted power, so that our fail-over capability did not operate the way it should have. We have gotten those banks back up online. We've worked directly with each of them to ensure that we've made them whole and we've taken the necessary actions in that particular business unit to make sure that we have shored up any deficits that we've discovered. I will tell you that this is a journey for any company that does business online, it's one we take very seriously and obviously, from Investor Day, we prioritized it. And we're going to have to learn quickly from these issues and make sure we're putting belts and suspenders in place, that we prevent this from happening as we look ahead. In terms of GoPayment, several key indicators right now, the customer growth is up over 800% since the first of the year last year. We're now processing about $5 billion in transaction volume on an annualized basis through GoPayment. And 70% of the customers coming in are new to Intuit. So they're incremental customers. So all of those for us are very positive indicators that this is a business model that we like as we look ahead, and it's having a big impact on customers and also on our economics as well.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, so let me start with QuickBooks Desktop. The good news is we're getting past some grill-over challenges we have when we offered a free version at Simple Start over a year ago. We no longer offer that. So the year-over-year comparison, a little challenging, but as you pointed out, you're seeing some low-single digit growth in the overall QuickBooks units. I think the reality on desktop is similar to what we've seen in other business units like TurboTax and some of the other products that are shifted more to online. Desktop will not be a robust grower going forward as more customers want their data on the cloud and they want to access it through online capabilities and mobile devices. That's why we're seeing QuickBooks Online growing at 40%. At the same time, I will tell you that our engineers have worked to get that is out of the C drive and up into the cloud for desktop customers so they can access their data through mobile devices. So that will continue to make QuickBooks Desktop a relevant product. But I would look at the total QuickBooks unit growth because that's how we manage it, total number of customers and not a particular product SKU. So that's kind of how we look at QuickBooks Desktop. In terms of GoPayment, yes, we are starting to see some cross-sell. In fact, one of the things that we're delighted by is the customers that come in on GoPayment also go ahead and sign up for other Payment services. And so we're setting to see them expand their relationship with us, and we hope that will become a new front door for Intuit and eventually we can sell additional products and services to them, whether it's Websites or Small Business Accounting or Payroll. Still early days there, but we're starting to see the first signs of that capability.
Brad D. Smith: So I'll start first with total Small Business customers. I don't need to talk about the macroeconomic conditions and quite frankly, we see it as an opportunity and not a crutch. So we're going to put that to the side and tell you this is why -- one of our single biggest focus areas in Small Business this year is getting new customers into the franchise. I will tell you that what we are dealing with right now is a little bit of apples and oranges when you look at what we're counting in our total Small Business customers and the things that we're trying to do as we look ahead. So number one, we've done some things inside of the Small Business space like eliminate free Simple Start. We don't have that going forward, and we brought in hundreds of thousands of customers in that product line, which going forward, won't be one of the offerings. So why not run-off of that. That's good news from an economic perspective. We also think we have found out a way to attract these customers. We do have a little bit of a compare challenge in the moment. The second is we're making some decisions as we speak to do things like consolidating platforms in Payroll. We consolidate a couple of online Payroll platforms onto the PayCycle platform we bought about 2 years ago and when you do that and you force a customer migration, you do have some attrition challenges when you're getting customers from one platform to the other. So net-net I would say that right now the 5 million Small Business customers you see is a, indicative of where we are but not indicative of where we plan to be. I think we have a good product lineup, we have a laser focus in the Small Business Group to accelerate that growth and I think we have new offerings, especially those that are working on mobile devices that will help us grow that Small Business franchise. A little bit that I can tell you though, it was just about 24 months ago, that number was a little closer to 4 million, 4.2 million. So what you're looking at on the fact sheet, that only shows a relative stall pattern. But I don't think it's going to be indicative of what you'll see from us as we look ahead. Okay, on QuickBooks Online, the second question you asked. Is that additive. It is additive for us. We're seeing right now in the neighborhood of somewhere between 60% and 75% of those customers that come in on QuickBooks Online are new to the category and new to Intuit. And so we do see those as incremental customers. In fact, we're seeing there earlier-stage companies that are looking for the featured functionalities that QuickBooks Online offers. And they also tend to look for anytime anywhere access. And so we are seeing those incremental customers. As we see more of this mix shift go to online, I think that will be one of the reasons why you can count on us looking to accelerate our total Small Business base.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, sure, Philip. So the number that I mentioned was related to Payroll. About 1.5 years ago, we had retention rates in the low-80s, we've now gotten it up into the mid-80s and I'm very excited about how our Payroll team has been able to improve retention. Am I happy with it across the company, the answer is no. I think we have discovered real opportunities to improve the first-use experience on many of our products. In fact, we find the attrition issue tends to happen in the first 90 days. A customer comes in, begins to use the product and if they don't find it easy to use or they can't get to the customer benefit quickly, then will quickly abandon and go back to their prior method. And that's why we talked about at Investor Day, one of the biggest opportunities we have is to drastically improve the first-use experience. Today, for every 100 customers that use our product, we average between 2 or 3 that will actually come back and use it a second time or to stay with the product. If we can simply add one more customer to that to go from 2 to 3, that is 5 million customers for us, that's 5 points of growth for the company. So big opportunity. We're not pleased at where we are across-the-board, some products are doing better than others. I think our Payroll team is probably ahead of the pack and they're finding good ways to improve their retention.
Brad D. Smith: We call it the Intuit full-service Payroll product, and just to give people a quick context as to what it does, it guarantees accuracy on Payroll taxes and the tax filing. So it's 100% guarantee. We have automated what often other companies have to provide through human capital, we've written an algorithm to prevent payroll mistakes and make it easy for you to get the benefit of a full-service payroll solution at basically the price of a do-it-yourself solution. And the early results have been very positive. In fact, we've announced several strategic partnerships with companies like HOSCO and Bank of America who have chosen the solution over competitive alternatives in the market. Clearly early days, but we're optimistic about the early results. And I think this has a chance to help us expand our presence in the Payroll business and potentially create a disruption alternative versus some of the other methods that's been out there for years.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Gil, there are several monetization models we have. As you've mentioned, some of them are extensions of an existing product like QuickBooks Desktop where you can get your data into the cloud and then access it through mobile devices. That monetization model is we're now introducing a subscription service for QuickBooks Desktop. You can get the upgrades as a part of subscription and you can also access your data in the cloud and on mobile device. So it's changing how we charge for QuickBooks Desktop. We have others that are transaction fees like GoPayment where there's no subscription fee but it's 2.7%, a flat transaction fee for any transaction that you do for GoPayment. We also have others like Mint where we have the end-user paid model. Sort of like regeneration we have on the website, we do the same thing through the mobile device. I will tell you that we are monetizing these. We have tens of millions of dollars already on assets we've got out in the marketplace and the growth rates are accelerating very quickly. And the more we learn, the quicker we're able to accelerate the progress.
Brad D. Smith: No, it's not. In fact, when we talked about this, Michael, at Investor Day, we talked about -- we had a range and some of our products are doing much better on that. But when you put them together and you have an average, I would say we're in the low-single digits for many of the products. We have others that are much higher than that. TurboTax actually happens to be the best in the company.
Brad D. Smith: Well, we haven't broken out each of the products' conversion rates for competitive reasons, but I will tell you that TurboTax is definitely doing much better than what I just talked about a few minutes ago.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, Michael, I just want to make sure I understand the question. When you say the retail product, are you asking about desktop software or are you asking about tax stores doing tax preparation.
Brad D. Smith: Okay. So yes, I would say first and foremost, if you look at the data that's been published by the IRS for the last half-dozen years, the tax software category, which is both desktop and online has been growing 6%. And the tax store category has been flat to declining. So that in and of itself lets you know that if 3 million to 5 million new filers come in and 141 million filers make a new decision every year, that it does indeed compete for those decisions and the online version of tax software is taking share. Our own data suggest, by the way, that the assisted tax category, tax stores and others, have actually lost 3 points of share to the do-it-yourself tax software category over the last several years. So I think, one, what we have seen is as there's more of a shift to Connected Services, people want to access tools online. You got the next generation of tax filers coming in looking at mobile devices. There's a natural tailwind towards a shift to digital services and that's playing out in the tax business as well.
Brad D. Smith: Well, I will tell you that our data suggest that their bias is increasingly looking online. And I'll just give you an analogue, Michael, because I was talking to someone about this yesterday. Just think about our own behaviors, how many of us now buy books at a bookstore versus go online and download them, and how many of us rent a DVD or a video from a video store versus doing a streaming video on pay-per-view and the same thing is happening as you move into taxes. People are less and less inclined to go into a store and more inclined to look for those solutions in a digital format. And I think that's what you're seeing play out as more new tax filers come into the market.
Brad D. Smith: Yes. Sure can, Jim. So first of all, in the Financial Services business, we are very pleased to see the continuing progress there. The Online Banking customers were up about 4%, Bill Pay up about 14%, we talked about Mobile Banking customers tripling over the last 12 months. Obviously you see the revenue growth in the quarter. We see that momentum continuing to get stronger and stronger as the business gets more focused and executes well. I will tell you something that we didn't mention in our earlier talk track, because of the question you asked, that we're focusing on larger institutions. Right now, we look at something called contracted end users, and that is the banks that we sell to and how many end-users do they bring with them when we convert them over to us. Our first quarter and second quarter of this year, what we have in our pipeline equals the full year last year of contracted end users. So the types of banks we're bringing in and how many end-users they have with them is just continuing to give us more opportunity to increase Online Banking and Bill Pay customers. So that's what's building the momentum. We're getting customers in, they're larger customers with more end-users and able to convert them and get them onto our solutions. I'll shift to Salesforce.com and this one's a shorter answer. We're still very encouraged about the opportunity, it's very early days for us. We're just getting the joint products in the market and so we'll have to stay tuned and see how successful this can be. But I think both organizations remain as enthusiastic as we were and we're just going to see the results and then we'll talk to you about the results when we have more to share.
Brad D. Smith: First and foremost, we're not trying to drive customers in any direction. We want to make sure that we let the customers choose which products or platform they want to work with. And you're correct, we don't plan to have feature parity between the online version of QuickBooks or Desktop. However, what we are doing is we are enabling desktop customers to upload their data into the cloud and then to be able to access that data through mobile devices and online. So give them some of the benefits of having an online version with all the feature functionality of the desktop product. So for those who want a peer-hosted product, an online version of QuickBooks, then we obviously have that for them as well. And we're seeing that play out well for customers who want the full feature functionality, they're getting the data into the cloud, and for those that are wanting the anytime, anywhere access, they're signing up for the online version. And we think having the choice is the best thing for the marketplace. You said you had a second follow-up question.
Brad D. Smith: Yes, we can. We are earlier days there. We have Payroll that works with QuickBooks Online. We have payments that works with QuickBooks Online. You just alluded to something, which is the Intuit PaymentNetwork, which we originally had launched with the desktop version that we now also have working with Online. And we're looking at other services that work with Online as well. That is a very fertile field for us and if we grow subscribers 40% year-over-year and we add more attached services, that's just going to increase the lifetime value economics.
Brad D. Smith: I want to tag team with Neil on this one. So I'm going to take the first and third and ask Neil to take the second. So first of all, on the number of tax returns going into the IRS, we believe that the tax returns are probably going to be at the neighborhood of a 1% increase year-over-year. That's our best guess. And right now, it can be anywhere between 1% to 2%, it maybe a little bit higher, a little bit lower. Did we share any forecast on that beyond that? So in that neighborhood of 1%, maybe 2% at the max. And that's pretty normalized. If you think about the digital pricing with H&R Block and TaxACT, I think what you're going to see is what you have seen in the past. It's a competitive playing field online. The entry-level price point for all competitors starts with free, kind of hard to get deeper than free. And the key comes down to who's the best at executing, has the easiest solution to use, and is able to deliver the maximum refund to a customer. And that's what we stay laser focused on, so I don't think we're going to see any massive change from a competitive dynamic perspective on pricing. What I do hope to see is a lot of people talking about the digital tax category and advertising it, because that will simply increase awareness of the category and get more people to raise their heads and realize they're paying 3x to 5x more going to a tax store than using software. And I hope that ends up being one of the outcomes of the highly competitive tax season.
Brad D. Smith: Okay, thanks, Sayeed. And I want to thank everybody for their questions. Obviously, we're encouraged by the solid start we have in the first quarter. I'm really energized by the momentum that we're seeing in Small Business for the seventh consecutive quarter of double-digit growth. Quite frankly, we're seeing strong progress across the company, so we're looking forward to our peak season in the next 2 quarters. And with that, we look forward to catching up with you sometime soon. Thanks again, and we'll talk to you in a little while.
