Sasan Goodarzi: Great. Thanks, Michelle. We are uniquely positioned to make a positive impact on the world during this time. I'm proud of the actions that we've taken as a company to support our customers when they need us most. We've acted with speed, enabled our employees to be safe and productive working from home and continuing to innovate for our customers. We're using our capabilities to rapidly deploy solutions to help consumers and small businesses access the products and relief that they need during this fiscal time. I'm confident we will emerge an even stronger company.  So, with that, let me turn it over to you Latif.
Sasan Goodarzi: Let me take it in maybe two ways. One, maybe mid longer term and then the other is the here and now. First of all, we have a playbook for times like this and our playbook is really about focusing on customers, focusing on innovation and putting our investment dollars in the areas that matter the most. But then, as you heard from Michelle, being very diligent in terms of our expense, envelope. With that said, as we look at the long-term, we're actually quite excited about the current environment, not the health element of it, but the fact that it will accelerate folks moving to a virtual world, folks moving to having more online presence and commerce capabilities and then money has always been important. But we believe more than ever, ways to save money and get out of debt is going to be more important than ever before and our big bets are squarely focused on the things that matter the most. And we happen by the way to be going through our one and two year planning process, which literally was happening in parallel of when the pandemic started. And it was at that time where we actually used the opportunity not only to be clear about a conservative investment envelope for our next fiscal year, but to really ensure that we can take the dollars that we have allocated and use them as an accelerant for our bets and we just finalized our one and three year plan internally and have allocated our dollars to the big bets and the ones that matter most, and in fact, again, using it as an opportunity to accelerate. So, we actually feel good about the things that we can control and the things that we need to do for our customers to come out of this even stronger.  With that said, and going to the very today here and now elements of your questions, part of our playbook is ensure that we really bend over backwards and do what's right for customers in this kind of an environment and beyond the innovations that you heard that we kind of turned on a dime to deliver like instant deposit for free, PPP, the free stimulus offerings that we referenced, brought to the marketplace. There are elements of things that we're doing for our customers such as we paused any price increases that we planned. We paused our full service payroll migration, which has significant benefits for customers and those that migrate to it at rave, but we didn't want to have our customers think about payroll migration in a time like this.  As we've communicated in the past, we have in essence launched in you line up in QuickBooks, one element of it being QuickBooks Advanced, which allows us to serve mid-market customers. That comes with very clear lines of number of users, number of invoices that you can pay, the number of transactions. And for now, we've actually paused that important line, where you have to migrate to QuickBooks Advanced, all of which at the right time we will put back in place. But we're being very diligent to do what's right for customers, and we're getting a lot of great feedback from customers, inclusive of some of the discounting that we put in place to acquire new customers in these very uncertain times. So those are just some of the examples of the things that we're doing. We have a proven playbook where really the team is actually getting quite well against it.
Sasan Goodarzi: It does not. We're actually more excited about what we can do with Credit Karma to accelerate helping customers, save money and reduce debt. So, it has not changed our plans.
Sasan Goodarzi: So, Mark, thanks for your question. First of all, I'll just remind us that, when you look at the categories that we serve, the DIY category is about $3 billion in TAM. The assisted category is about $20 billion in TAM. And then the consumer finance space, which we're going to be able to accelerate serving with Credit Karma is about $57 billion in TAM. In that context, very specifically to your question, this is actually the part of the season that is our strength. Really the revenue that shifted into the fourth quarter is because of the fact that the IRS deadline shifted, and these are actually the more high value customers, the more complex customers and the ones that have balance due, and it's actually are our strength. This part of the season is our strength, because it's our customers with the highest retention over the years. And so, given where we are with the category growth and given that we're the champions of do-it-yourself category with the category growth and what we see with share and ARPC, we feel good about where we are and we're excited about playing our game in the last two months of the season which is our strength. And we've really not seen anything outside of what we would expected from an FSA perspective. So, really the revenue shift is entirely because of the shift in the deadline. 
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, I'll make two comments. One is, I think this pandemic will drive structural and behavior changes across many industries, whether it's education, whether how you get mortgage loans, to how you manage your business, to how you do your taxes. And the great news is we're positioned the well with our digital platform to serve customers with assistance to really take advantage of the opportunity. And there's just simply a tailwind of more and more folks wanting to be able to do their taxes themselves and if they need help to be able to get that assistance in the comfort of their home. We'll have to see how the season plays out. I don't want to second guess whether these current trends will continue or not. But what I would tell you is that the shift to a virtual world probably accelerated by five years across many, many different industries. And I think that will be the same thing that we'll see play out when it comes to doing your taxes and/or helping small businesses manage their books, which is where QuickBooks Live comes into play.
Sasan Goodarzi: So, what I would say is -- Id just touch on the first couple of weeks in May. We have seen a stabilization. To be specific we've seen stabilization in charge volume, the number of payroll companies that are paying their employees. We've seen stabilization and the number of companies that are tracking their time through TSheets. We've been seeing the same thing with acquisition of new customers and we've seen stabilization on the retention front. And on desktop, we've seen a little bit of an uptick because we deliberately slowed down the communication upgrades to our desktop customers, because the timing of doing so was really right in line with when the pandemic hit. And so now that we've started that communication, there's been a little bit of an uptick. I think what’s really important, if I put all of this in a context, is it’s several weeks of trends. And we want to make sure that we don't portray several weeks of trends into a trend, but we have seen a stabilization in the first two weeks, but we clearly want to see the economy come back and ultimately see small businesses open up and see if that trend continues.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, sure, Robert. Thank you for your question. Let me make two points. One, when this pandemic hit beyond the fact that we were right in the middle of our two and one year of planning and it was a great opportunity for us to agree to a conservative investment envelope as we look ahead to really continue to build our muscle in terms of prioritization and resource allocation. We also then looked at that here and now and what changes we would make. And we did reduce discretionary funds in areas that we were very comfortable with. Of course travel is a given, but hiring and marketing across the board. And specifically in TurboTax both customer success and marketing, we of course needed to kind of lead time, which the team has done. We have a playbook around this and extended between now and July 15th. And so, we've done that. But I would say overall the company's discretionary spend are down because we lowered it for right reasons, but particularly in tax, we just simply extended it through the end of July. We expect, by the way, just sort of kind of black box that we'll need to spend up to $20 million in both customer success and marketing because of the extension of the tax season to ensure that we're there for our customers, but we've also reallocated dollars from other places in the company to make up for it.
Sasan Goodarzi: Thank you for the question, Yao, and good to hear your voice, and hope all is well. Let me make a general comment, maybe two general comments and get more specific to your question. I think that first of all, as you know, us and Credit Karma are operating as two separate companies, but what I can tell you from the due diligence that we did, we were very impressed with their machine learning capabilities, their ability to do quality checks to watch for bias, and adjust their models on a daily basis because they use 2,600-plus data points per customer to run their models and so they are always adjusting. But let me, that's in context of the due diligence that we did, and I would just say the second macro point is this is one of the reasons why we believe that this environment is actually an accelerant for us to find ways to help customers put more money in their pockets, save money, and get out of debt because all of the machine learning capabilities that we have and Credit Karma has and that we have that in this current environment, done the right way, actually allows us to adjust our models to better serve customers. Now, let me get more specific I think to your question around QuickBooks Capital. This QuickBooks Capital and the machine learning capabilities and the platform is something that we've been working on for years both cleaning up the data so we can use 26 billion data sources and the 360 information that we have from our customers and with their permission to be able to use to in essence know what loans that they can be able to take on, what capacity, the number of months, and how quickly we can adjust our dial. And one of the things that the team has done that's a wonderful progress is that we do checks for biases. Whether in this environment or in a different environment, we're always checking for biases so we can adjust the model. And the model's built in such a way where we can adjust it on a daily basis so we can learn very, very quickly, and what we see in this environment is that it's actually a great opportunity to accelerate our learning so that we can be much more pinpoint in terms of what we can do for customers and when we can do it for the customers. So I'm proud of our QuickBooks Capital team and what they've been able to actually accomplish, and we're learning and adjusting more daily. And by the way, those capabilities is not just for QuickBooks Capital. We use those same capabilities for Instant Deposit, same-day payments, we use those same capabilities for same-day payroll, and so these capabilities are truly platform capabilities that we can use across the company.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, first of all, we truly admire what the team in Treasury and SBA has done to make these loans available and all of the checks they've had to do on privacy and security to be able to distribute these loans, so they truly deserve an applause for the work that they've done. To get to your question, we actually have been able to move quite fast and quite rapidly because of the fact that we know our customers' data, whether it's QuickBooks and payroll customers or QuickBooks Desktop payroll customers, or Self-Employed that have actually filed their taxes with us and be able to very quickly help them apply for the loan. Really, the biggest inhibitor has been all of these that are applying for the loan and having to wait in line to be able to get the loans approved by the SBA. And so, really that's where the bottleneck is. And by the way, the SBA is actually moving quite fast. It's just the number of loans that's coming out of loan requests and how they have to process it and ensure that they reduce fraud. That's I think probably the most difficult part. But on our end, we've been able to move very, very rapidly and we don't really have too many obstacles in front of us.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, thank you for your question. Again, great to hear your voice, and hope you're safe and sound. When you think about Intuit's base, we serve primarily service base businesses, and one of the core drivers behind our bet number four which is being the center of small business growth and one element of it being really providing transformative experiences to make it easy for our customers to do commerce across multiple channels is to actually be able to accelerate serving and penetrating product-based businesses. But it's interesting what this environment is causing, so now let me get to answer your question in two ways. One is even service-based businesses, they're actually if you remember at Investor Day we shared last year that we have 400 million-plus invoices that our customers send out, but about 12% are payment-enabled. We're actually seeing more and more service-based businesses that are actually looking to make all of their payments payment-enabled so they can actually get paid online faster and be able to get out of the paper world. And so this is having, this is going to over time have an impact on service-based businesses to get out of doing manual payroll and doing it online because they've seen with the Paycheck Protection Program if you can't prove your payroll data, you're not really -- you're not going to be able to be first in line to get a loan. And so, it's going to impact more and more service-based businesses going online which is where our sweet spot is. The second element though is the question you asked which is omni-channel, and really the core problem that we want to solve based on well over a year of conversations with our customers is it's actually quite easy for our customers to get set up on different channels, whether it's Instagram, Facebook, Etsy, Amazon, that's not their biggest issue. Their biggest issue is they lose sight of which customer is coming from which channel, which customer is profitable, are they getting paid on time across the different channels, how that connects to their inventory, because clearly, you don't want to run out of inventory and fulfillment is critical. And so the problem that we want to solve is really if I put it in simple terms, having an app where you can actually see all the orders that came in through all the different channels in one place. You can ultimately over time see the profitability of your payments. It connects to the profitability of your customers. You can see how it connects to your inventory that automatically tells you that you're going to have to fulfill your inventory. We're in the very early stages of solving that problem, but we're very clear on what the problem is and we believe this environment will not only over time help us penetrate service-based businesses but it will position us bet number four, to serve product-based businesses. So that's the way we see it and that's the way we think about it.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. Well first of all, I'll start by affirming it is a very unusual season because I don't think we've been in a place where tax season has been extended. But in many ways, it's affording us new opportunities because our team is built for times like this and things like experimenting in ways that we otherwise wouldn't be able to. So our team is doing a wonderful job leveraging the current opportunity. If you think about last year, there was 155 million returns filed and I think there's 110-ish-million that have been filed already, and the actual specific numbers are on the IRS website, but nevertheless, that would tell you that you've got 40 million, 45 million customers that still need to file their taxes between now and July 15. So that kind of gives you a feel for what's left to come. In terms of TurboTax Live, we focused this year on improving first-time use. We're really focused on providing more access to experts because when our customers engage an expert, our conversion and retention goes up and we're really focused on improving the expert side of the platform, meaning that experts would contextually know where the customer is, and how to best serve them and help them very, very quickly. And so far, TurboTax Live is really delivering within the expectations that we have had for it, and we've got two months of the most complex filers that are still left to come, and so we're excited to serve as many customers as we can between now and then through TurboTax Live.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, sure. Thanks for your question, and Kim and/or Michelle will keep me honest on this. Our goal was to serve as many small businesses as we could, and of course, we started with our existing base and I believe that all of the current customers that we served are all existing QuickBooks customers. So I'll get confirmation if I got that wrong, but it's been primarily all existing customers. And I would tell you to the second part of your question, it's incredible the halo effect that we've gotten by all the things that I mentioned earlier, from very quickly partnering with the IRS to launch the stimulus offerings, to what we've done with the PPP program, to what we've done to fund and partner with Go Fund Me, which is a crowd-sourcing platform to help small businesses get access to money, which I think has been almost close to $40 million that small businesses have gotten access to. Just a number of things that we've done has gotten really a lot of attention for QuickBooks as a brand that can help customers. And I think this current environment and what we have to do very specifically around PPP just really made our machine model, machine learning models stronger which allows us to make our services stronger which allows us to really over time, helps us better serve payments, payroll, and ultimately QuickBooks Capital customers.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure, yes, absolutely. So what we have seen, more demand, less supply. And so on the demand side means that customers are really interested in their credit score, they're really interested setting goals for their credit score, and learning from us how to improve their credit score by potentially making payments on time or checking on the status of their refund, and of course, more interested in them getting access to whether it's personal loans, credit cards, those sorts of things. What we've seen an impact on is on the supply side, because in this kind of an environment, although the digital platform is the highest return for financial institutions, we've seen some financial institutions pull back temporarily off of the Turbo and Mint platform. But it's also the first place qualitatively that they told us they want to come back to. They're just waiting for the current environment specifically unemployment to stabilize so that they can then come back on to the platform. So higher demand, less supply from a financial institution side, which means less monetization.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure, sure. Well, what I would start with and to build on your point, in '08-'09 time frame, what you in essence saw was in essence, the total number of small businesses that went out of business it upticked a couple of points. The number of businesses that started downticked a couple of points. So there was kind of a 3, 4 point impact on the total number of small businesses. And the second thing I would say is things are in some ways very different than '08 and '09 on two dimensions. One is, '08 and '09 was actually a recession caused by the health of financial institutions. This is a pandemic that's health-driven where in essence, small businesses have been completely shut down. The economy was actually quite healthy, but now it's not because of the shutdown of small businesses, which has also caused a recession. So in some ways, they're very different, but in many ways, the impact that we're seeing is the same, which is customer acquisition as I mentioned earlier has slowed down, retention has down-ticked a few points, charge volume has down-ticked from being up 30 to now it's been flat post-mid-March COVID impact. And so that's the impact of course that we're seeing now, but our business is also very different. We have larger portion of our Small Business is subscription-based and it's in the cloud whereas back then, it was primarily Desktop which sees a sharper decline but also a sharper rebound. So with all of that said, those are the two or three things that from a from/to perspective are different. I would reiterate what I mentioned earlier. We are not trying to second-guess the market or meaning how fast things will rebound or how long this is going to, this impact will stay in place. So we're very focused on our controllables, which is accelerating our focus on our big bets, helping our customers in times like this just to ensure we're positioned to come out of this much, much stronger than when we even went into it.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. We of course as I mentioned earlier, the numbers -- the stimulus numbers are actually in the current filings and we believe at some point the IRS will hopefully separate them so there's visibility for our investment community, what the actual tax returns are versus stimulus returns. 80% of folks have actually been eligible for the stimulus money. The point that we tried to be clear about earlier is that there are 10 million people that don't typically have to file their taxes that are also eligible, and so they have to go through the stimulus offering to be able to get access to the funds. And we believe at some point by then the tax season, the IRS will in essence flesh that out and communicate what the actual tax returns are versus stimulus filings. What you should be left with is it doesn't change the perspective that we shared about the business. The do-it-yourself category is growing. We're seeing a larger and faster shift to the category. We feel good about where we are relative to our online share and ARPC, and this is the part of the season that's our strength and we're looking forward to finishing the next couple of months out.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure, sure. I'll start with what I think all of you see and then I'll make a specific to us, but as I talked a lot of my peers across many different industries whether it's CEOs of companies or investors in many, many companies across many industries, whether it's from how you used to get your workouts in and training, if you went to a trainer and how that is shifting to a virtual world, Peloton being one example of that where it's accelerating to an education world where now you have to figure out how to get your education online to more and more people now shifting to be able to engage for medical help online, so getting your taxes done, to being able to manage your business and bookkeeping, and so we believe that this pandemic will have a structural and behavioral impact in several areas. One is just you're going to first think about how to potentially engage in a virtual world, not in a physical world. It doesn't mean we won't go back to a physical world, but I think this will have a fundamental behavioral impact over time. Two is to ensure that you're doing most of your stuff online whether it's how you do payments, whether it's how you do payroll, whether it's how you conduct commerce, even if you're a service business, moving some of your things to now be able to conduct it online is going to be important. And then more important than ever, how do you ensure that you can save money and reduce debt? So we believe that structurally and behaviorally, those three areas are going to accelerate, and it's anybody's guess by how much. But literally, if you think about it overnight, these areas have shifted and I just think we've progressed five years in this area of moving to a virtual world the area of more being online, and the importance of money, and that's one of the things that excites our leadership team and the whole company around what is possible for us to accelerate to ensure that we can deliver for our customers given these shifts that we're seeing.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, thanks, Matt. Although our trends were all at the Small Business level, what I would just tell you is we've seen U.S. be a bit more resilient than countries outside of the U.S. and all those metrics that we shared. And then the second thing is on the Self-Employed side, what's interesting is although the macro numbers that we shared which is acquisition being down 15 points before and after, or after COVID, with some of the discounting that we are doing, we're actually seeing interest probably more than before on the Self-Employed side. That of course in no way covers the impact that we're seeing on acquisition, but we're actually seeing what we're looking to learn is are these new Self-Employed businesses being born and they're using our Self-Employed app, or maybe we're doing the analysis and looking at our data. But the bumper sticker is I would say U.S. is more resilient than countries outside the U.S., and we're seeing interesting acquisition trends on SE early days, we need to analyze it to understand where they're coming from. It doesn't change the bigger picture of what we shared, which is post-mid-March we were down 15 points and we've seen that stabilize, but SE is a little bit of a green shoot that we're looking to learn more about.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure, Kash. Great to hear your voice, and hope you're doing well and safe and sound. Let me start with your last question first, and you're very right. It is sad to see this kind of an unemployment rate and we are all hopeful that at some point things will rebound and folks will be able to get back to work. I think what I would say is because unemployment rate was actually very low through March, and when you get unemployment income, we don't actually foresee an impact to tax next year because you still have to do your taxes because you were employed and you have unemployment income and so which means you have to do your taxes. So we actually do not see an impact from the number of people that will need to file IRS, when I look at the total number of IRS returns, this shouldn't have a dramatic impact for the reasons that I mentioned. The second is we are very focused on how we help serve these customers through our Live platform, and we believe that this could really be an impetus to deliver a great experience to deliver higher confidence and for you to be able to do it from the comfort of your home. So that's the answer to the question around unemployment. Headline news is folks are still going to have to do their taxes because unemployment rate was so low for the first several months of the year and you have to do your taxes because of unemployment income. The second in terms of indicators that we're looking at, I would say there are a few. One is just the number of workers and employees that are for instance tracking their time or are tracking their time through TSheets or getting paid through payroll or the number of payroll companies that are paying their employees. That is one very important indicator for us. The second is just what happens with charge volume. That is a very important indicator because it shows the strength of consumer spending with small businesses and small businesses and small business spending. So that's the second. And then third is the rate of acquisition and the rate of attrition. Those are all the trends that we look at. And I would just highlight one subset of all of this which is how QuickBooks Live performs in this environment. It's less about just QuickBooks Live but the notion of getting help. Although very early days with QuickBooks Live, we've been happy with the as we said earlier, with the acquisition trend that we've seen because more and more folks are not only looking to do things in a virtual world but are actually looking in this time frame to get help to clean up their books to ensure they're compliant and to become far more effective and efficient in how they run their business because again, money matters more than ever before. So those are the three, four indicators that we are looking at, and doubling down on the bets that I mentioned earlier because we believe just there's a huge opportunity to help customers shift to online to help customers shift to a virtual world and to be able to find more ways to put money in their pocket.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, I will. First of all, thank you for everyone's time and for joining today and your thoughtful questions. I would like to just close by once again, thanking our employees for just the incredible work that they've done being by the side of our customers and being empathetic and compassionate for what they've having to go through and also just the partnerships with our partners. I wish all of you on the call well. Please stay healthy. Take care of yourself, and we look forward to talking to you at the next earnings call. Take care, everybody.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Absolutely. We haven't talked specifically about the monetization. As Sasan talked about earlier, we did say that we've provided $875 million of PPP Small Business loans, and we're working with an SBA approved bank to fund these loans. We're funding some directly, but it's a small amount and we don't expect to hold those. We will expect to earn about 3% to 4% including servicing on the loans themselves.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Hi, Ken. Thanks for the call -- question. First of all, I would say that as Sasan said, we are starting to see a few trends in the business that are stabilizing and he enumerated those a minute ago. But it just doesn't make sense off of two weeks of data to be able to predict going forward, so that is really the biggest issue there. But I would say don't confuse the lack of guidance with a lack of confidence in our business and our strategy. So in fact, we've never been more confident in our business, our strategy of becoming AI-driven expert platform, and the five big bets that we've declared. But confidence doesn't mean certainty, and we're in a very uncertain environment as we've discussed, and so that's actually why we're not issuing guidance. It's really around the uncertainty.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Hi, Brad. Thanks for the question. What I would start with is I would say that we have principles around leading through a downturn and they have been proven out. One of the principles in our playbook, as I mentioned, is really around controlling what we can, discretionary spend, so that we can deliver our bottom-line results. We're looking at all of our expenses. Some of those that are easiest to control though are the travel, some marketing spend and the hiring decisions. I'm personally, along with everyone on Sasan's staff making sure that we're really thinking about what we can do in the short-term. But we're also taking a look at things that may have a longer-term impact, things like our real estate decisions and working remotely. As Sasan also mentioned a little bit ago, we will have some increases in expenses. That's for the tax season, the extended season, about $20 million that's marketing and customer success, but we have been able to offset some of that with the discretionary spend. We haven't given a specific number, but we feel very good about the actions that we've been taking in order to get our spend in-line and set ourselves up for next year.
