Sasan Goodarzi: Great. Thank you, Michelle. Team, I’m very proud of our organization and all that we’ve accomplished together, and I’m very optimistic about the future. So with that, let’s now open it up to your questions.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Hey, Ken. Good to hear from you. I think, the best way I would describe it is, one, we’re actually seeing how resilient our platform is and how small businesses are using our platform in this pandemic. I think to -- because of that, it just gives us confidence, as we look ahead in terms of how small businesses are going to be able to maneuver through this current environment. So, we’re primarily going off of the key indicators that we see that are both,, leading and lagging, and that is really what has given us confidence to provide the guidance that we’ve given. Of course, we’ll have to wait and see how things play out with the health crisis and the impact of the economic crisis. But given just what we’re seeing in our business, that’s really what’s informed our guidance that we shared today.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure, Keith. Good to hear from you. First of all, we do have pretty high confidence that we will close Credit Karma by the end of calendar year. So, that’s the first point. I think, the second point is, as you know, we don’t comment on rumors. But, it’s important to reinforce that the whole premise behind the Credit Karma acquisition was what we could do together to create a consumer finance platform, and it wasn’t for the tax business. And so, I think, I will just leave it at that. But nevertheless, we’re really excited and can’t wait to close this, so we can start doing amazing things together for consumers.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Hey Keith, thanks for calling me out, buddy. In terms of your question, it’s interesting timing. We had QuickBooks Connect yesterday, which is where we have thousands of small businesses and accountants and partners together. And of course, this one was far, far bigger than it ever has been because it was all virtual. And we rolled out a lot of our innovation. But particularly, to answer your question, we also rolled out QuickBooks Commerce and QuickBooks Cash to our customer base or at least gave visibility and awareness. And the feedback was just through the roof. Because if I start with accountants, accountants were very excited because now they can recommend QuickBooks to product-based businesses, and they love how QuickBooks Commerce works for product-based businesses, and they love the fact that they can, in essence, help a small business run their business through the platform. And two small businesses that were product-based businesses, they love Commerce, and by the way, we got raving reviews on QuickBooks Cash, and it’s just a simple app where you can send and receive money to be able to run your business. And so, I would say from a positioning standpoint, we’re not doing anything differently in terms of going up against others. What we’re really focused on is the customer problem and how we’re raising awareness. And in fact, our team has done some great work in the months and the year ahead, what you’ll see is we’ll be, in essence, going to market with digital assets that helps small businesses understand that we can truly be the source of truth for their entire business versus the source of truth for their books and from an accounting lens. And so, it’s more about what we’re doing to raise awareness and shape the market versus doing anything differently, given who we’re going up against because it’s, frankly no different than what it’s been in the past.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure, Michael. Very good to hear from you. First of all, as we talked about last quarter, our biggest uncertainty was around the macro environment and the impact to small businesses and how our platform would perform in the times of uncertainty. So, we’ve just learned a ton. One, all the credit to small businesses in terms of just their passion to do whatever it takes to survive; but then two, us better understanding how they use the platform to be able to deliver for customers. And so, given that and given that we started experiencing businesses opening across the Company and our confidence is at an improved level than it was a quarter ago. With that said, to your question around tax, we’re bullish about our strategy, and we’ve continued to be bullish based on the results that we’re seeing. And particularly, it’s driven by two primary areas. One, it’s who we focus on; and then, the second is the how. So, who we focus on is, we’ve doubled down several years ago on serving investors, serving self-employed and serving the Latinx market, all of which we are underpenetrated. And then, two, really going after the market, the assisted market, and those that are looking for more confidence with TurboTax Live. And so, although our comps compared to last year are tough comps, we do have confidence in our execution, our trajectory. And that’s really what informed the guidance that we provided.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Hi, Jennifer. Good to hear from you. It’s both. Very consistent with what we shared at Investor Day. We continue to see strength in the UK and Canada. And we’re seeing some of the emerging markets that we’re focused on, like Brazil and France, really start their acceleration even in this current environment. And so, really, it’s a combination of being very-focused on who we pursue with what products we pursue and then also really intentional about pricing, and frankly, a lot less discounting, especially in places like Canada and UK, where we created a network effect with small businesses using us, recommending us, with accountants using us and recommending us. And so, we don’t have to discount as much to get our name known. So, it’s very similar to what we talked about, which is it’s a combination of customer growth and ARPC growth. And the ARPC growth is a lot to do with what we’re selling and a lot less discounting.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, sure. Just for a quick context, there are a couple of areas where we felt like we needed to double down in context of the bets that we’ve declared. It’s the type of talent that we’re pursuing, both in creating a modern operations and our customer success, but also the type of experts that we want to bring into customer success. And then, in technology, it was more systems engineers, infrastructure engineers, cloud engineers that have lots of experience in building complex systems in the cloud. And we are aggressively hiring in those areas because they ultimately are very important in serving the bets that I talked about earlier and a lot of our innovation, we’ve been talking about like commerce, cash advance, et cetera. So, we feel good about our hiring ramp. And I think, I would just really focus on the guidance that Michelle talked about, which includes about 110 basis points of margin expansion. And all of our approach to hiring is all embedded in the guidance that we provided.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. They’re actually the tailwinds -- or the headwinds are in three buckets. One is, overall, as we shared at Investor Day, our retention dropped by a couple of points based on what we saw in the March, April, May timeframe. That, along with lapping a price increase and actually not taking price action deliberately, plus the impact from acquisitions in those same months, is really what impacted our growth rate for the quarter that you see here. And our view is, effective the second quarter will be probably the lowest point of the year for the Small Business Group for the same exact reasons that I just mentioned. As you know, we don’t break out quarterly attrition and retention rates. We share once a year at Investor Day. So, those are the main drivers of it.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure, Brent. Good to hear from you. In terms of the shape of the recovery, it’s actually quite consistent with what we shared at Investor Day. May -- most of our indicators are back to pre-pandemic levels, but charge volume is still several points lower. The number of companies running payroll is still several points lower. So although things have recovered, the reality is things are still below pre-pandemic levels. I think, where we have more confidence, Brent, is now we are actually seeing how our platform is -- really how resilient it is and how it’s delivering benefits for customers in these very tough times, plus the innovation that we have across the platform. So, just seeing how our platform is playing out and seeing the impact of our innovation is actually what gives us even more confidence. And from a recovery standpoint, not much has changed in the last six weeks and what we shared at Investor Day. To turn to your second question, we’re actually -- when you think about transforming the assisted segment and really helping customers do their taxes with confidence, there are those that choose to do it themselves. But, at one point in time, they may want to hit a button and get an expert to come, talk to them, review their return to gain confidence. So, those that from the beginning may choose to have help along the way and pick TurboTax Live as an actual offering right off the bat. And then, there are those that may start and decide, you know what, I just want you to do my taxes for me, which is a lot of what we were testing in the last several months. And our plan is to actually launch the platform with all of those capabilities come -- this coming tax season, which by the way is right around the corner.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Siti, good to hear from you, and a really good question. As I mentioned, there are a few of our key metrics that have recovered quite nicely, but they’re still below the pre-COVID levels like charge volume and payroll. Acquisition is one that’s actually rebounded quite nicely, and we’re actually benefiting from some of what you shared, which is more new business formation. So, that’s probably a metric above and beyond all of them that is probably more in the green, and we’re benefiting from some of that recovery.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure, Yao, good to hear from me and very good question. Two things I would say. One is, we are actually very intentionally qualifying customers on top of the funnel to ensure that we only bring in customers that we can deliver against their expectations, given just we literally just launched the platform. Interesting enough, one thing that we’re seeing is customers want to use it so bad, they go back to the top of the funnel and change their answers, so they can qualify for it. So, the demand is quite high. I think, you may have fallen into one of our test cells. There’s a lot of different things that we’re testing, different business models, different pricing. So, I don’t know exactly what you fell into, but it sounds like you fell into a test cell.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. The stimulus, I would say, no pun intended, is not really going to be a big stimulus for small businesses. It’s not going to make a difference between them going out of business or not. I’ll hit on one element of your question, which is the range of the guidance. The low end of the guidance is really driven from how restrictive the states becomes, how restrictive the country becomes beyond what we’re all seeing, which is you now no longer -- although every x state is a little different, you no longer can go into a fitness center, it’s only if it’s outside. You can’t go eat inside at all. Now schools like the New York public schools just closed again. So, everybody has to go from home. That has implications to the local economy. So, the low end of the guidance is more how restrictive things get and then the impact on small businesses, because we feel quite confident in our execution. And of course, the high end is the -- I would say the trends that we’re experiencing and seeing right now. That’s how we thought about it.
Sasan Goodarzi: Great. I would say a couple of uber messages. The first one is, it’s because of the incredible innovation and the acceleration of the innovation from the team that’s really going after delivering benefits that that customers care about most. So, if I decompose that with a couple of examples, what I would share is, QuickBooks Live is -- has the potential to increase revenue per customer. The volume is not, of course, at the same rate, but the revenue per customer is. When you look at QuickBooks Advanced, which comes with it serving much larger customers, that has an opportunity and does move the needle when it comes to revenue per customer. And then, there’s the services, the services that go with QuickBooks Live, the services that go with QuickBooks Advanced.  And then, within all the services that we provide, payments, payroll, TSheets and now with the integration of TSheets and Payroll Full Service, these services and the innovation and the impact themselves also deliver more revenue per customer. So, when you put all of those together, those are the biggest drivers of increased revenue per customer, which is just driven by the innovation that the team is delivering for customers.
Sasan Goodarzi: I think, it’s just another important innovation and benefit for customers on our QuickBooks Advanced platform. Again, when you think about these customers -- because I’m assuming you’re talking about like HubSpot and Salesforce. And these customers that are between 10 to 100 employees, and even larger than that. They are looking for CRM solutions. So, we invested quite a bit of time with, I’ll use HubSpot as an example, to really deeply integrate. In fact, I was reviewing the demo several days ago, and it’s a really cool experience for our customers. So, this is -- it just positions us and allows us to not only serve our existing customers with QuickBooks Advanced, but also penetrate and get new customers.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure, Scott. I’ll jump in, and if there’s anything Michelle wants that she can jump in. It’s very similar to what I just shared with Arvind. First of all, I’ll start with the headline that it’s very sustainable. We’re just getting started. And when you look at the mix that gets driven by the platform with QuickBooks Live, it gets -- another one is QuickBooks Advanced. And both of these come with them services, like payments and payroll and TSheets, and then apps like HubSpot, as an example, that allows us to drive a mix shift. And so, those are just examples. And then, QuickBooks Commerce, which really gives us the opportunity to serve product-based businesses that we served for years in desktop, the million product-based services that we have on desktop. Now we have an opportunity to serve these customers with QuickBooks Commerce. So, those are the drivers. And then, the last one I would say is countries where we get the product market fit, like Canada and UK, we have an opportunity to expand the services that we provide and at higher prices and don’t have to discount as much because our names are out there, the experience goes viral, and therefore, more customers want to use it. So, those are the drivers of the mix shift and the ARPC shift, and that’s quite durable.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. Two things I would say. I think, the most important lever for small businesses is we got to lead thoughtfully through this health crisis, because leading thoughtfully through the health crisis will enable the country and the globe to actually bring jobs back and reduce unemployment. Those are the two largest levers that will impact Small Business failures. And as we talked about at Investor Day, our retention dropped a couple of points because of the failures that we experienced. I think, those two levers that I mentioned, plus a fiscal stimulus, not just more stimulus money but a fiscal stimulus, along with getting out of this health crisis, and ultimately, getting back to lower unemployment is going to really drive the long-term health of small businesses.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. You’re very welcome. I would focus more on the customer pain that we are after. One of the things that we’re really focused on is, one, to help our customers grow; and two, to be able to serve product-based businesses. Because even in service-based businesses, traditionally, we’ve not solved the problem of helping them grow and get more customers well. And so, this integration with HubSpot, with Salesforce is really an example of solving the problem of -- with our platform, we can help you grow your business. We can help you get paid. We can help you do payroll. We can give you access to capital. We can help you with time tracking. Of course, now we can help you set up on multiple different channels and be able to run your product-based business. So, we’re really focused on the customer problem. And one of the things, I preach probably more than that ward wants to hear it at Intuit is, let’s not focus on just creating a one-stop shop because that’s not how a customer think. The customer thinks, I need to solve my problem. Can you solve it for me? With that said, we are seeing more and more customers begin to use our platform to be able to run their business. And we’re seeing more and more customers tell us, hey, can you do some integrations with the following applications to be able to help me grow my business? So, those are the -- it’s very customer-back-driven. And it’s now several years of us being in the cloud where we’re building out the platform to the point where you don’t need to go anywhere else. You can run your entire business on our platform, which is exactly the same thing we’re looking to do on the consumer side. We want a consumer platform where you can do your taxes, get early access to your paycheck, connect the financial products that are right for you and truly reach financial freedom. And so, it really is -- it’s consistent with what we’re trying to do across the Company for customers.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Kartik, good to hear from you. I would think about this in a couple of dimensions. Both, [Technical Difficulty] and small businesses, we actually now have offerings that are disruptive, and they disrupt higher-priced alternatives. So, when you look at QuickBooks Live, the price that customers have to pay with QuickBooks Live is actually a lot less than what they pay with if they have to go directly and find their own bookkeeper or enrolled agent. And you look at QuickBooks Advanced, we are actually at a disruptive price but yet have a lot of opportunity in terms of what we can do with pricing. Same thing goes for TurboTax Live, where a much lower cost alternative than going to somebody’s home or store to get your taxes done. So, I think the way I would think about it is, there are segments of customers we may intentionally, given the environment, not do price increases, but then there are certain segments of the customers where we will because we’re actually very disruptive and far lower price alternative. So, that’s the way we approach it and think about it internally.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure, Chris. First of all, as you heard Michelle mention, we have every intention over time to get to back to 30%-plus online revenue growth. And that will happen really by two levers. One is, our continued innovation to deliver value and the portfolio we now have; and two, it’s the recovery of small businesses. Although our platform has demonstrated to be resilient, it’s important to know that we’re not out of this pandemic. And we need to make sure that we get through this health crisis and get unemployment back down and get to a more healthy economy. And I think, the combination of our innovation and getting to a better place in terms of the economy will allow us to get back to that 30%. And a lot of that is what informs the guidance that we provided.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. I would say it’s actually doing well. At Investor Day, if you recall, we talked about now we have 75,000 customers, and that’s 100% growth year-over-year. And we’re seeing both, customers upgrade to QuickBooks Advanced that are existing customers, and we’re actually seeing new customers come in that have been using a bunch of different apps and manual processes. And they use QuickBooks Advanced, and they see it as an advantage to be able to grow their business. So, we’re actually -- and because it’s disruptive in terms of price versus alternatives, we are not seeing any holdbacks. And we’re actually seeing the benefit of what a platform can do that’s a disruptor, especially those small businesses that are deciding, you know what, me manually running my business is no longer going to work. I need to move to the cloud, especially because of the COVID environment. And QuickBooks Advanced becomes an accelerant.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure, Michael. Let me take a shot at this to see if this addresses your question. First of all, we do see a very large opportunity. But, the way we look at it is that there are about 86 million people that go to somebody else to have their taxes done. And they spend about $20 billion or more to get those taxes done. We just see a huge opportunity to be able to serve those customers with a digital platform where we can bring the help to their place of home or office at their convenience at a much lower price and provide them the confidence that they need to get the maximum refund. So, we do see the same opportunity that you do. Our figures are a bit different than what you were articulating, but that’s really what we are pursuing with our Live platform.
Sasan Goodarzi: Oh, got you. I think, I understand what you’re asking. The whole purpose of our vision of what we want to do to create a consumer finance platform is to give consumers choice. It’s to give them choice to connect to financial products like loans and insurance and credit cards that are right for them. It’s to be able to give them choice when they get their tax refund, if they want to put it in a high-yield savings account, if they want early access to their tax refund, and so actually want early access to their paycheck. To give them more choice because we have the ability with using their data with their permission to give them insights that otherwise they wouldn’t get. Plus, by the way, if they wanted an expert to help them, will provide some advice, we can also help them with that. That’s our vision of what we want to -- what we want to do with our Big Bet three, which is unlock smart money decisions. And of course, that’s where Credit Karma comes in and can really fuel that vision. And we’re excited about it.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Well, the refund of the consumers’ money. So, what we’re -- it’s money that’s theirs and they earned it and they should get their refund. It’s about how we help the consumer with what they can do with their refund is really our mission.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. That is excluding Credit Karma, because we have not yet closed Credit Karma. And as Michelle mentioned, once we do close Credit Karma, we will actually have another call. And we will update our guidance and it will include Credit Karma.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. I’ll be brief. Thank you everyone for your questions. And wish everyone that celebrates Thanksgiving a wonderful and safe Thanksgiving. And we’ll speak to you very soon. And enjoy your holidays. Thank you.
