Sasan Goodarzi: Great. Thank you, Michelle. We are off to a strong start this year with continued momentum across the Company, given our strategy of being an AI-driven expert platform that's powering prosperity for consumers and small businesses. I'm proud of what our employees have accomplished this quarter and I'm excited about the opportunities ahead to find new innovative ways to serve our more than 100 million customers. Now let's open it up to your questions.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, Ken, thanks for the question. In terms of Lightbox, as we talked about it at Investor Day, we've actually made significant progress year-over-year in terms of penetration. I think what we talked about at Investor Day is we had 50% and 40% penetration in credit cards and personal loans compared to, I think, 40, 20 a year before. One, we have significant penetration opportunity ahead of us. I think equally as important, if not more, is what financial institutions are seeing, which is really the payoff for their investments. And so, more and more financial institutions are joining the platform and this gives us, really, an opportunity to significantly increase penetration.  I think that's the way I would probably give you the punch line. Our penetration in credit cards is, I think, less than 5%, just as an example, and personal loans and other verticals are even lower than that. So, Lightbox, the trust we build with our members, the trust we are building with our partners gives us an opportunity for significant penetration, and I think are sort of best years are ahead of us when you think about Lightbox and particularly a penetration. In terms of your question around expansion, auto loans are just one example of where we can expand Lightbox and there are other areas that we've not talked about publicly. I won't do it today until we see our further proof points where we can further expand Lightbox. I think this is 13 years of investments that now positions us to really deliver for members, partners, and really create this network effect.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, Keith, thanks for the question. I would say the majority, if not all, compared to previous quarters, is simply customer growth. Its improved mix based on the traction of QuickBooks Advance, QuickBooks Live to a lesser degree, and things like full-service Payroll, and just all the innovation we've been doing in payments with instant deposit making it easier to use our payments offering, and now our new launch with Get Paid Upfront. So, I would say the majority of what we're starting to experience is the actual innovation on the platform and the portfolio that we have solving a broad range of needs for our customers. I would say bounce back from the pandemic, of course, happened and we started experiencing the pickup, but that was, I would say, 4 to 6 months ago. I think now we're seeing the actual true performance of the platform.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, thanks for the question. I'll take you back to the 3 priorities that we've declared because I think it goes after the great question that you've asked. First and foremost, our number one priority is really around creating one growth platform, and it's really a lot of the work behind the scenes in terms of building data pipelines and connecting the services so that the magical power of the data, both Mailchimp data and QuickBooks data can come together for the customer to put the power of the insights in their hands. So first and foremost, it's all about the product and creating one growth platform. The second is we see a huge opportunity to serve mid-market. As you know, we're already doing that from a financial management solutions perspective with QuickBooks Advance.  Now we're going to, in essence, build out the capabilities on Mailchimp and really disrupt the mid-market because this is a huge need for mid-market. And I would say third is actually having a global playbook and investing -- accelerating our investments in go-to-market, which I think will get at the last question that you asked that I didn't answer yet, and that is we want customers to have choice. So, if customers first want to engage with Mailchimp to be able to take their business online, to market their business and use CRM tools, they can use Mailchimp and -- but we'll make sure everything is payment-enabled. And then over time, if they want to use all of the invoicing capabilities, payroll capabilities, access to capital, ensure that they're compliant, all of that will be enabled within Mailchimp.  The vice versa is true. If you're using QuickBooks and you want to start using capabilities to market your business and manage your customers, all the capabilities of Mailchimp will be available to you, and Mailchimp could end up being, for instance, a nab item on the left-hand side. So, we will let customers make choice is, I think, the headline answer to your question. We will go to market separately. We will go to market together. We will raise awareness and ensure that customers know that there is one place where they can run their business, and more importantly, the power of all their data will be in one place to fuel their success. That's the approach that we're taking.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Thank you for the question. A couple of things I would start with. Last year, when you look at the full year of Credit Karma compared to the prior year, we grew 37%. And our new guidance for Credit Karma going forward is a range of 35% to 37%. And so, I think what you see within that is there has been a macro bounce back. But really a lot of what we're really seeing is the innovation on the platform, the power of Lightbox, the fact that members are getting better matches to things that they are looking for. Financial institutions are – and insurance companies are seeing the power of the platform.  And it's really just creating that network effect. So, I think what we're gaining confidence in is just the innovation, the technology investments in Lightbox, and in context of the macro environment as we look ahead that gives us confidence around the performance of Credit Karma. And again, I would just remind us that this is more of a longer-term comment. Credit Karma is a platform, and we're creating an ecosystem effect here. Credit Karma is part of the TurboTax experience, and we're excited for all of you to see what we're going to be launching in the coming tax season. TurboTax is part of the Credit Karma experience. Credit Karma is part of the payroll experience. So really think about Intuit as 1 platform with many platforms that solves different problems, and that's really what fuels our confidence as we look ahead.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Well, I'm not going to talk about the marketing budget, but what I will share with you is it's very consistent and durable in context of what you've seen in the last couple of years. We are very focused on really fundamentally changing how you get your taxes done if you need assistance. And you're going to continue to see us be assertive in terms of how we raise awareness with 88 million customers that need assistance and how there's a better way to get your assistance. And also, the under-penetrated segments that we've talked about, which is Latinx, the investment community, and the self-employed. I think you can -- what you should expect is our investments on a platform has continued in those areas. We're really excited about the season coming up, and our marketing efforts will be really focused in those areas to continue to raise awareness.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Thank you for your kind comments and the question. I would say that it's very consistent with what we talked to you all about at Investor Day, and that is that we're continuing to see the acquisition trends that we would expect in the U.S. across-the-board, both in the low-end of the market but also the trends that we're seeing in the mid-market, so those trends continue. And as we've shared before, we're not overly reliant by any means on new business formations. From just a health perspective, I would say the U.S. is consistent with what we talked about with all of you a few months ago.  And I would say outside of the U.S., again, very consistent with what before, the recovery has not been like the U.S. Now, if I were to double-click on that, I would say behind the U.S. has been Canada. And I think we're going to start seeing UK and Australia start to come back. Sorry, UK and France. And then Australia is, I would say behind UK and France. We do believe that in the next year or less, that international will start to slowly bounce back.  And the reason for just the slowness in international bouncing back is there's just been so many starts and stops those small businesses that just lost confidence. Do I build up inventory? Do I go hire more employees? Do I increase my own marketing budget? That they've just been slower in bouncing back. But we believe, within the next year or so, we'll see that strength. But the headline news is U.S. continues to be strong and match what we've expected, and international role will bounce back within a year.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. We are really excited about just the possibilities of what we can do for members -- Credit Karma members and TurboTax customers. Last year really was a learning year and I think we're going to learn a lot more this year. Listen, our goal is we want every TurboTax customer to be using Credit Karma and all the benefits of Credit Karma, and we want every Credit Karma member to be using TurboTax, whether they want to do it themselves or they need assistance. I think we're going to be one year better than we were last year in terms of all of our experiences, in terms of just the investments that we've made and the experiences, and we're excited about it. But just to put it in context, at Investor Day, we shared with you our Horizon framework. Horizon 1 being sort of revenue impact within 0 months to 18 months, Horizon 2 being 18 months to 36 months, and Horizon 3 being 36 months plus. We actually put the impact of Credit Karma integrated as part of TurboTax and vice versa is almost 3 years out because we really want to nail the experience. But nevertheless, we're leaning in and we're excited about the things we're going to be launching in the weeks to come.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, Michael. Thank you for your kind words, and great question. When we declared our bet around connecting people to experts and creating our virtual expert platform, we have been, I think we're onto now, I don't know 5 plus years, really investing in this virtual expert platform. There are so many underlying technologies, services where AI is being used to ensure that the platform matches the right customer to the right experts, to make the platform simple and easy-to-use for experts and we feel really confident relative to just the where we are with the virtual expert platform, and our focus, intentionally, has been really about serving customers when it comes to tax time and helping small businesses with the bookkeeping and eventually also with their taxes. But more importantly, just helping them run their business.  And we have so much opportunity ahead of us just in that space. With that said, we do have a few, what we call small mission-based genes that are exploring other spaces because we can leverage a lot of the capabilities of this virtual expert platform to serve spaces like marketing, potentially spaces like financial services. So, we are doing experiments but very intentionally to ensure that we can learn. I think I will just end with the opportunities of where we can take this virtual expert platform is endless. However, the biggest growth opportunity ahead of us right now is helping customers with taxes and helping small businesses run their business. And then as these other -- our verticals become reality, we'll, of course, share our plans with all of you. But it is something that will extend over time horizontally, continue verticals.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, Brad. Thank you for your kind words and the question. I would -- I'll say 2 things. 1. Really the majority of our growth continues to come from customer growth and mix in a much lesser extent price so you should just be aware of that, and 2. There's nothing that we've seen from the price increase that's outside of the balance of what we expected. So, the short answer is no. It's within our control limit as we expected it based on the testing that we had done.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, you know the -- well, first of all, we've not divulged our traction other than I would tell you. We generally are excited. As part of many things that we are providing in our portfolio to customers, giving them early access to wages, I think a lot of what we are learning and a lot of what we're excited about as we move forward. It depends on the customer and the cohort of customers. There are certain customers that depending on their situation and how much they depend on living weekly -- connected to their weekly paycheck.  If you live paycheck to paycheck, you are much more focused on can I get early access to that versus if you don't live week-to-week. So, we're learning about those cohorts within our payroll to your question and where we can get traction and where it's just not a need for customers. I would say more broadly, we are excited about early access to wages both providing it across payroll standalone, providing it through Credit Karma. And frankly I think over time this is just something that's going to be commodity. I think everybody is going to have a product feature that gives you early access to the wages. For us it's not just about the feature, it's about the ecosystem effect that it creates for our customers and our members.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes, absolutely, Brent. One of the things that we -- one of our mechanisms that we have as a Company is called our Big Bet review, where we take our officers of the Company through the experiences of each of the Big Bets to what we've learned, where we are, and where we're headed. And this is the last Big Bet review happened to be one where we brought in Ben as a team from Mailchimp, and actually walked through the experience in detail, where we are, and where we're going. And I would just tell you that we continue to even get more excited as we've closed the deal because the needs of our customers are in all the areas that you mentioned. They are -- and every customer it's in a different place, but customers are really looking for ways to be able to engage, getting new customers.  It's their bread and butter. Almost 70% of our customers are looking for ways to get new customers. We now have those capabilities and we'll integrate it into QuickBooks and vice versa, QuickBooks into Mailchimp. They want to be able to manage their existing customers in an automated way, in an insightful way where everything is automated. They don't have to know when do I follow up with a customer, what additional products can I sell them. All of that can get automated through Mailchimp. And one of the things people don't realize is one of the largest ways that you still engage customers, we see it through what we do in TurboTax, is actually email. So now we have all those capabilities.  We have abilities to put you on mega platforms with all of our digital assets, manage all of your existing relationships, all the email capabilities, but more importantly, it's the leveraging the power of the data, the customer data, and the purchase data to help you understand who is the customer, who bought what, what did they not buy, who's leading your shopping card, and how do you pursue them. It's consistent with what we've talked about before. That's the opportunity ahead, and that's about the work that we do now on the product to put the power of those capabilities in the hands of our customers. We couldn't be more excited to help our customers with their success. So, stay tuned.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah, it's a great question. It's one thing that's just really excites us about the Live platform. 1. There's 88 million folks that use an assisted method today. Within the assisted method, you have 10 million folks every year where there's churn, they go -- jump from one assisted method to another. So, from 1 accountant to another or from 1 store to an accountant. And then within the TurboTax base, the do-it yourself or as we have 4 million people that leave, and they ultimately go to an assisted method. I think that the answer to your question is it's all the above. We've seen conversion improvements, retention improvements.  We've seen TurboTax customers that did it themselves a year before where they had a life change, or they just weren't sure if they did their home deductions the right way or if they had a kid and the kid went to college, how that ultimately account for those deductions where they are now using the live platform and vice versa. You may use the life platform and I've enough confidence with the year after, you do it yourself and then you may then after that bounce back and now we're seeing 3, 4 years of trends. Really, it's all of the above with the largest, I would say, driver being folks that use a different assisted method coming onto a platform and, of course, those that have life changes within TurboTax, growing with TurboTax, and using the live platform. And we just see that continuing as we view this opportunity with a 10-year lens.
Sasan Goodarzi: One of the sorts of essential strategic principles that we have within Credit Karma is that it is an agnostic platform. And our financial institutions and all our partners see the power of that, how diligent and intentional we are about not creating our own products, but ensuring that we match members with a product that's right for them. And a lot of the capabilities that we have within Credit Karma ultimately had an institution that's participating in it. So that is not a concern that we have. Our say due is very, very high with financial institutions and we just believe that that's the beginning of it, especially with attraction of Lightbox which actually delivers more success for members and more success for financial institutions. So, it is not a concern of ours.
Sasan Goodarzi: Kash, thank you, 1, for your kind comment and it's a wonderful question on all those areas, the labor shortage, some of the supply chain challenges if you're a product-based business, and certainly inflation is absolutely impacting small businesses. I would make a broad comment that I would say we are experiencing. When you couple what happened with the pandemic starting in March of 2020, where it really, I think, forced everyone around the globe, whether you're a small business or not, but let's stay focused on small businesses to reinvent yourself. And it really accelerated the shift to virtual solutions.  It accelerated the shift to going online whether it's how you invoice get paid, how you do your payroll, how you do your time tracking. And I think that movement which is just simply continuing, I don't think wherever going to go back to the old way. I think this pandemic really has accelerated the shift in those areas that I mentioned, in particular to, of course, to digital money offering. I think that coupled with this not only labor shortage but also labor movements from job to job, some of the supply chain challenges that generally we believe as I talked to my peers will get -- start to get addressed by the second half of 2022, first half of 2023, an inflation is actually causing small businesses to leverage more platforms.  And so, if I then bring that back to our platform and the fact that if you use our platform, you can get paid upfront, you can get instant deposit, you can do same-day payroll, you can use an expert to ensure that you've got the best deductions as a small business and to ensure that you're running your business effectively, and the fact that you can do more with less people if you use one platform. That's where the power of Mailchimp comes into play, rather than having multiple tools where you're bouncing back and forth between tools and you're not really sure what your customer profitability is, when you should follow up with the customer, how to acquire more customers.  All of those things are thrust to the use of our platform, and our platform is actually built to help you grow your business with less focus on labor and to be able to embrace as much as possible the inflation. Now, ultimately, we have to address overtime, and I believe it will get address some of these supply chain issues and inflationary issues. But that's where our platform comes into play and why we are so well-positioned for small businesses, and the role we need to play to continue to educate them.
Sasan Goodarzi: Thank you, Brad. I would say 2 big things. One is a full service absolutely has a halo impact on confidence for the customer which actually gets me to the second point, and really the approach which is, we're a platform for our customers and so really if you think customer [Indiscernible], we want our customers to know that they have the ability to do it themselves. They can access an expert, if they need the expert to answer any questions that they have, and/or they can just have you -- us do their taxes for them and do everything digitally.  By the way, midstream if you choose an expert and utilize, you know what? I don't know if I just want to help, I just want to Intuit to do it all for me, we'll do it all for you. So really our approach and now that we've had several years of experimenting and learning with full service is that now we have a true end-to-end platform where we can meet the needs of any customer, and the power has actually grown with customers over time. If they just start out their career or if they're students who they have life change, we have a platform that will meet all of their needs. So that's really the, I would say the headlines of the answers plays a halo effect, which has informed our platform approach as we look ahead.
Sasan Goodarzi: Sure. I would really put last year entirely in the bucket of just learning. And it doesn't mean that's going to change this year. We are a Company that's all about moving fast, experimenting, pivoting, and learning all in context of being stubborn around the vision that we have. Last year was a learning year, although there were some nice member growth impacts to Credit Karma from TurboTax. We're really excited and eager to see how our new innovations and experiences on the platform plays out this year and to see what we learned.  I'll take you back to the reason at Investor Day we put the opportunity of Credit Karma is part of TurboTax experience, and TurboTax is part of the Credit Karma platform as a Horizon 3, is we're really focused on the customer and member experience in nailing that because we know over time we can monetize. So, we're excited about the year ahead. Look, we have 11 months under our belt, learning and adjusting and preparing for this tax season. And we're excited about these experiences being launched and seeing how they play out in the next couple of months.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yeah. Sure, Scott. Thank you. First up on international, we saw some of the same trend given our, not only our execution but the macro environment as we've seen the last couple of quarters. There are certain countries like Canada that have bounced back a bit more strongly. Then there's places like Australia that really have been very slow to bounce back based on the fact that the economy keeps opening and shutting down. And again, our view is within the next year, international should start to come back from a macro perspective.  So, net-net, our trends in our performance, although we're very pleased with that, we believe over time to paint the different picture as the macro environment comes back. In terms of Mailchimp, our focus is the 3 priorities that I mentioned. We want to create an amazing product and platform that brings QuickBooks and Mailchimp together. We want to build the capabilities to go disrupt mid-market.  And then, as Michelle mentioned, we're going to be investing heavily in our global go-to-market. I would say I wouldn't overly anticipate a significant change in our trajectory international because of Mailchimp where there's some fundamental things, we want to get right to ensure that we can truly be the platform that -- where you can grow your business and run your business and over time it will certainly have an impact internationally and we're excited about that because it gives us another foot in the door outside of the U.S.
Sasan Goodarzi: I would say, and I've said this for years, and I think you're used to hear Brad talk about this. I think where the world's biggest hidden secret, and we don't want that secret to hold true anymore. We want to make sure the world knows who Intuit is and what our brands are. And we have data that shows that the more customers learn that TurboTax, Credit Karma, Mailchimp now, and QuickBooks when they learn that they're part of the Intuit brand and the platforms are all connected, it actually has a positive impact on our potential for growth. So, the way we think about Intuit Dome, it is not, for us, a naming rights deal.  We've had many opportunities where we've actually been pursued to be part of deals like this and we pass them up over the years. We did this because one, it's very technology forward dome. We're going to be helping the community. And 2. We're really going to be able to showcase our brands. And it will be yet another way to demonstrate the benefits that we bring to the market as one Intuit platform and the impact that we can have in the lives of consumers and small businesses. That's really how we think about it and why we're excited about it. And by the way, over time, we expected the same return on investment as we do with our marketing investments and that's really what this is. It just goes beyond marketing to impacting the local communities in LA, which we're excited about.
Sasan Goodarzi: Yes. Sure. Thank you. Well, first of all, I really appreciate all the questions. And once again, I want to just thank our employees for their incredible hard work, our customers and our partners for the strong start to the year, and the opportunity we have ahead of us. We're very passionate about fundamentally powering the prosperity of our customers and communities, and we're proud of our accomplishments, and we continue to believe that we are just getting started. Thanks for your question, Thanks for your time, and we will see you at our next earnings call. Bye, everybody.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Hi, Ken. Yeah. We're really excited about Mailchimp. And we think that we're going to do some great things together. Their revenue and their new paying user growth were negatively impacted during the pandemic. I would let to know that. And they did pull back on some of their marketing spend so they could preserve their profitability, and we did see their churn decline some there too. We're going to be investing aggressively to drive their growth as we go forward. It won't happen overnight, but we're really excited about the opportunities we see to grow as we look forward. We haven't really given any additional details on what their growth was previously.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Hey, Keith. What I can tell you about Desktop is, obviously, we saw the 7% growth in the Ecosystem in first quarter. And that was really driven by 2 different components. The majority of it was 2 components. First was we saw higher Desktop Enterprise customer growth and some price increases. Desktop Enterprise revenue growth was high single-digits in Q1. The other half of that is really the Desktop subscriber mix. Last year, what we saw was Desktop subs grew 48%, and outright units declined by 47%. And so, that growth in subs last year, because of the way we do revenue recognition, you get an extra pop of revenue from subscriber growth in the -- in Q1. And so that is what we saw. We do expect to see some headwinds for that growth as we go further out through the rest of the year, especially with all the subscriber growth instead of an outright.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Yes. Thanks, Michael. Yes. This is something that diverges from what we have done historically. Historically, also, the Consumer Group has been such a large percentage of our business also. And now if we're adding -- Other parts of the business are growing more. We're adding Credit Karma. And overall, the composition of the business is just changing. Ans also, this is the one of the first times we've seen a real pandemic hit like this. And so, the growth after the pandemic has also had some implications for recovery and so forth. So yes, it is a little bit different, composition of the Company is a little different, but we feel really good about what we're seeing, and are very excited about the accelerated growth we're seeing in Credit Karma and in small business, and ready to jump into tax season.
Michelle Clatterbuck: Thank you, Kash. Appreciate that. Well, in the current year, as I spoke about earlier, we will see a margin adjustment with the acquisition of Mailchimp and so we do though believe that over time, we will continue to expand our margins as we've talked about from this new step-down level going forward. But as we become more and more of a platform, we see opportunities for us just across the Company, whether it is in technology and being able to increase the velocity of development on our platform and driving more services, using things like money movement across the Company, and our fraud and risk capabilities not having to duplicate those across the Company. Or in customer success is another great example, where we're scaling a common customer success platform so that we can more efficiently and effectively serve customers. And then also in the go-to-market area, really leveraging a common infrastructure to be able to more effectively target customers, manage our sales and marketing processes also. So, we do see a number of opportunities all across the P&L that as we look forward, there will be opportunities for us to leverage this.
