Brad Smith: So let me start to summarize it. We reached the inflection point and we are seizing the opportunities. Our Company is focused on two strategic outcomes we’ve spoken to you about in the past; number one, to the operating system on small businesses expanse; and number two, to do the nations taxes. Our small business momentum continues to build and our QuickBooks Online ecosystem growth is accelerating, driving value for customers and for Intuit. We’ve reorganized our small business group and prioritized investments that will further accelerate our online ecosystem globally while ensuring the best product experience for existing desktop customers speeding up their move to the cloud. We have a proven formula to Intuit if we innovate into live customers with the absolute best solution in the market we will expand our category, we will grow our share and we will increase lifetime value over time. So we’re stepping on the gas to drive share gain and longer term growth opportunities in all of our businesses. We have lots of runway in front of us and we remain deeply committed to accelerating customer and revenue growth. And we’re going to talk more about these things and our strategy to execute against them at our Investor Day, which we’ll hold on our Mountain View Campus on September 30th, and we look forward to seeing you there. As always, I want to thank our employees for their hard work and their ongoing focus. And with that, let’s open it up to you to hear what’s on your mind.
Brad Smith: Brent, thank you. This is Brad I’ll take that first one. First of all as you identified the guidance next year of 5% to 8% on an adjusted basis does reflect the fact that we’ve hit this inflection point and we realized the way to grow this company long term is to acquire new customers the licenses so that they stay and then earn the opportunity to sell additional services. We also recognized and in addition to focusing on customer growth which is the first of that formula that we need also have a good cross value relationship. And we’ve talked about pulling back a little bit on some of the dependency we’ve had on price over the years in some of our businesses and we’ve been making those decisions along the way like the simplified payments price that we talked to you about this year. When you put it all together there I think it’s important to look at the fiscal year ’16 and ’17 guidance we’ve provided where we’ve clearly articulated that we can see a return to double digit top line and bottom line growth. So this is a one year transition next year and it is a reflection of us being very aggressive about expanding the categories, growing customer growth and then earning the opportunity to sell additional services every time.
Brad Smith: The simple answer Walter is yes, I mean that’s why we think about it 475 drops all the way through and as you know these adjusted deferral of revenue out to prior periods for most of us so there is really no impact on marketing our build expense so it’s all margin compression.
Brad Smith: I would say its two things Walter; first of all, it does reflect some additional investment an expansion outside of the U.S. and moving more of our engineering resources to online products and services. It also reflects that we didn’t buys many shares back in 2014 as we would have liked or as we had hoped. We were out of the market for a significant period of time during the pack season and you probably notice late in the fourth quarter our trading volume was unusually low for our shares. And so our original aspiration will probably get more shares brought in this year than we were able to accomplish and that’s piece of the EPS count.
Brad Smith: All right Kash this is Brad. Let me start with the first piece the implied acceleration. So first and forecast we’re going to have a benefit from the cash that will be collecting for desktop purchases in fiscal year ‘15 that we’ll show up as recognized revenue in ‘16 and ‘17 but the bigger driver is customer growth and subscriber growth and it’s recurring as predictable revenue and as you can see we continue to accelerate our subscriber growth in QuickBooks Online and that is the primary driver both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. a new global markets. And the second and third big drivers here is our ability to continue to deliver more delightful experience and so our attrition is being reduced and so customers are staying and actively using the product and last but not least as evidence by the payroll and payments attach rate that I talk about earlier is a much easier experience for additional services in QuickBooks Online and so as we continue to drive additional fast services we’re going to able to drop annualized accruing revenue. So there is a bankable set of revenue coming in from the ratable revenue shift and ‘16 and ‘17and we see continued acceleration of our subscriber growth which is job one in addition to that we’ll continue to improve retention and then we’ll have the ability to sale additional services which we’re already proven we can do in QuickBooks Online and that drop the acceleration in top-line revenue. And I’ll shift it over the Neil to talk about the margin aspect.
Brad Smith: Everything we have, Sterling, will be on a ratable accounting process. It is possible to use the desktop product, if you are not using any connected services and if you are not using any of the other products, we sale that required connectivity. It’s possible we continue to use it longer term. We don’t support it after a three year period of time and all of your connectivity will be terminated but you can still use it if you don’t use any of that.
Brad Smith: We are spending a little more in CapEx net year, Gil, than we have. The last few years have been unusually low for us at about $150 or $175 million. We are constructing a new building in Mountain View beginning in 2015 and have some other calls that are pushing us above that, a little above $300 million. So, free cash flow will be roughly flat. Total cash flow up about 8% versus last year.
Brad Smith: Yes, Gil, it’s Brad. Actually each of the four countries are outperforming the expectations we had set for ourselves and we have raised those expectations twice in the year. But it really is come down to -- we are treating each market individually in terms of making sure that we understand the local compliance needs. We are winning the hearts and minds of the accounts which are the secret sauce to every country that we are serving. We have great country leadership in each of the four prioritized countries that I mentioned earlier. And we are seeing the ability for us to get the same sort of adoption and then the word of mouth through high net promoter scores that we have seen in the U.S.  So, we now have a formula, our team refers to it as a country in a box which allows us to move from country to country but that doesn’t oversee or it doesn’t overlook the fact that we have to make sure that we have the best product that is more local than the local competition and then from there we have to win the hearts and minds of the accountants and the customers who use the products that they will recommend it to everyone else. And that really has been the formula and we will dive a little bit deeper and show you some things at Investor Day but you are not going to hear a lot different at Investor Day than that, that is the secret sauce.
Brad Smith: And Raimo I’ll take the second question and I am glad that you asked that because it gives me a chance to explain it for everybody on the call. So you asked about the desktop announcement that we made today and why we’re going to provide ongoing releases. And what does that mean in terms of the outcome for customers. So let me start by saying what is does not mean is adding new features to QuickBooks Desktop, we described these as experience releases because we have the opportunities to build more self-help, eliminate some of those mid-wing things that we know of them getting in the way of desktop users today and also connect some important services like EM voicing or what we talked to you in the past is Intuit commerce network the ability to send an electronic demo voice and they get paid back electronically and move that money in a frictionless way. Those kind of services we know we’re gliders and the really important to keep is customers happy and in the Intuit franchise. So that’s what we wanted to do. Why we’re doing that is because not only our small businesses getting increasingly comfortable with the cloud but as you know the accountants relationship is critical and we have accountants out there today who have some of their customers in the cloud of QuickBooks Online and some of their customers in the Desktop and what we want to be able to do is make sure we support both of those customers and keep them as Intuit advocates. And then as they get increasingly more comfortable their accountant along with our own incentives and our opportunity to earn their trust we will move them to the cloud. Ultimately, our goal is to get them very comfortable with the cloud and help them move to the future because we absolutely know that is a better experience for them it’s a better experience for their accountants and it’s a win overall. So what we’re doing right now is we’re not leaving any of our QuickBooks Desktop customers behind but we are putting all of our new energy, all of our new features and all of our opportunities into the cloud and we’re going to help those customers make it to the cloud on their time frame, not ours.
Brad Smith: Jen, one of the things I would like to not do today is talk a lot about pricing because we haven’t announced anything and we’ll do that a little closer so when we release products and we meet you at Investor Day. What I would say though is that we’re clearly looking for the opportunity to incentivize customers to move to the cloud. And as you mentioned, today Neil described we get about $800 in annualized recurring revenue with QuickBooks Online today and it’s a little less than $500 on the Desktop. We have opportunities in both areas so look at different pricing strategies and different bundling strategies to help customers move to the cloud and we’ll talk more about that as we go down the road. But ultimately our ultimate goal was to make sure we’re delivering a good value for the price so the customer’s stays with us and does not chose another alternative and you will see that show up in some of the decisions that we’ll make in the coming months.
Brad Smith: Thank you, Jen we do have a lot of other good businesses here and I have to say our consumers have seen us probably start a little bit tax hasn’t come up yet until this point in the call. So that’s very exciting for a lot of reasons. And we have provided a multiyear guidance on the tax business the 5% to 10% obviously this year we delivered 7% and we said that this is the first year of a multiyear journey and we’re encouraged about some of the things our team is working on for next year. But we aren’t this point prepared to adjust anything. You can assume that as we look at our long term model that’s the guidance that’s kind of giving us the confidence that we can put out there in 2017 outlook what we did today and still pretty confident in it.
Brad Smith: It is, we do believe that’s pretty much the range that we have got in our sub growth right now for 2017. Obviously we will view it more successful if we can get more of those customers off the desktop into the cloud but we are trying to be realistic and pragmatic about what we think those customers will be ready to do in the next couple of years.
Brad Smith: Yes, David obviously we have some work still to do in a few key areas, self-formed customization, job casting and inventory or the ones we hear the most from our small business customers as well as from the accountant. The good news is those are all on the roadmap. We did the acquisition of a small inventory company called Lettuce a couple of months ago and our teams are diligently working to integrate that more deeply into the customer experience. And so we believe by the end of this fiscal year we are going to have the majority of the key functionality that we need for the largest portion of our customers up and running in QuickBooks Online. In each of the different geographies, there is typically a small compliant piece that we have to have done in each of those countries and we believe we will have that fully in place by the end of this first fiscal quarter. So, we are well on our way and I don’t want that to be the reason that people think that the migration isn’t happening quickly because today we actually having a functionality for 70% of our QuickBooks customers on the desktop to move over. It’s simply our opportunity to earn the right to get them to move to the cloud and that’s where we are putting our energy.
Brad Smith: Scott, we have a strategic game plan in each of our businesses and as you just pointed out our track record tend to be looking at talent or technology tuck-ins that accelerate our time to market to execute those strategies. So, if there is an opportunity that comes along that maybe larger in size and it made strategic sense, we wouldn’t say no but that’s typically not the kind of acquisitions we do. So, I think you can continue to anticipate these kinds of acquisitions and they really are adding acceleration to each of the business units.
Brad Smith: Scott, we are going to dive a little deeper on that at Investor Day. It’s still the same four levers and we will show you what we anticipate in an outlook for fiscal year ‘15 at that time. So, I would like to just hold off on that if you don’t mind until we get to the end of September 30th and that will a reason for you to show us and we will get a chance to see and talk to you then.
Brad Smith: So headline number one as your numbers are correct we have an inspirational goal of adding 3 million more QuickBooks customers by 2018. We’ve articulated today that we can see our line of sight to 2 million with high degree of confidence that we’re going to actually tell you today for 2017 I would also tell you that we’re pretty prudent and sometimes conservative and trying to make sure that we can put something out there that we can achieve. And so just anticipate that our team has a different goal than what we’re talking dealers our and our full commitment is to get to that 3 million about 2018. 
Brad Smith: Yes, Jim it’s Brad, happy to do that. What we ended up doing small business as we took what have been standalone business units, Small Business financial solutions, Small Business Management solutions which is wrote down in the QuickBook payroll payments and then demand for us in QuickBase and we’d say we not need to move to one small business ecosystem but the top priority being online global subscriber growth. And we brought all these businesses together, we reallocated our engineering to focus on the online platforms and then we basically put our energy and to making sure that we got rid of the redundancy where we end up in a Noah’s Ark model. Every one of those businesses had one of everything and when you put them together we ended up with three or four. And so we had some inefficacies there and it allowed us to reallocate resources against the things that would help us accelerate our global expansion, that was really the crux of the old structure is uniting these four individual businesses into one online ecosystem and putting all the energy in resources and to getting to the cloud globally. There is one other aspect of it Jim which is customer care. As you move to a new customer care model in a mobile world customers expect quality to be built-in, if you’re using a mobile app they don’t expect to have the call from one and if they do there is all kinds of new analog like day button from Amazon. So we put more energy into our customer care model for the future and we made some decisions to move out of pieces of customer care that we don’t think are core and we found good partners who will handle that piece for us and that impacted some of our organizational restructure as well. So, all that is under the context of more energy and more resources to online and global with mobile devices. 
Brad Smith: Jim we just touched on important fees, we don’t think we’re pass out in terms of attach rate for QuickBooks Desktop. We do think however we have allowed things to get in the way of the customers being able to have more seamless experience and quite honestly our engineers have been, they haven’t been able to work on those things because if they did it would impact how we have to accounts for the revenue. So we’ve eliminated those barriers and we’re going to have the team focused on making that more seamless experience which allows us to get even improve attach rate in desktop while we build all the new step in QuickBooks Online. So your assumption is correct we should have the ability to continue to get a tax rate in payroll and payment in the desktop probably put all of energy into the cloud. 
Brad Smith: I just want to thank everybody, we know we hit you with a lot, we think very important and different information today if I can just summarize the full year we’re coming out of fiscal year ‘14 with accelerating momentum. We really like our trajectory and we’re making the decisions today to build an even strong future and I’m hoping that we’re going to get a chance to see all of you on September 30th in Mountain View for Investor Day where we share even more information and break this down and to be able to walk through it and talk to you if any question you may have but in the meantime everybody have a great weekend and we’ll speak with you soon.
Neil Williams: And so Brent I would just say as it relates to the margin the outlook we’ve talked about for ’16 and ’17 clearly initiate we get back to where we were last year in terms of margin percentage. But as you know we talked about this a lot we really have operating income growth over margin expansion. If we can see more customer growth and more top line growth we will invest more and we’re really focused more on the operating income growth and the dollars over the long haul than we are in the margin percentages. And so we’ll see how that plays out and we’ll see what’s available to us and how much growth we get on the top line and that will determine how much we invest and spend. But as you seen now we’re expecting to get back in this same neighborhood a little better than we are today by the out years.
Neil Williams: Yes, I mean cash to get to the $5 a share that we’ve talked about 317 with that revenue level would indicate an operating margin in the mid to high 30s that’s probably one per week build the most confidence and we have the most ability to manage. Just going back to the comment I made earlier I’ll be totally fine if we get more revenue $5 a share with a lower margin percentage in the way we’re getting there now but our assumption we have today is that margins back in mid to half 30s by 2014.
Neil Williams: Yes, Brad. It’s really just a couple of other comments just to remind you of. The QuickBooks Desktop and Quicken would probably be close to a three year life as we mentioned in the scripts and those are the longer but the thing to remember is that all of our online customers or most of them, the large part pay monthly. And so a pretty short transition period for those that are converting voluntarily from desktop to online services. As Brad mentioned, probably as much as the third of the impact of this ratable change is in our ProTax solutions and those products are amortized over the tax year, so it will be a little longer than a fiscal year period for us but not much longer maybe 15, 16 months. So, the traditional QuickBooks Desktop and Quicken customers who might be over a longer period time are relatively small part of the transition. So, that’s why it’s a little faster, the recoveries are little sooner than you might see with someone else.
Neil Williams: Hey Raimo, this is Neil; I will start off with your first question. I do think we can provide more clarity around cash flow. We will do that at Investor Day, as far as where we are today and what our expectations are, I wouldn’t necessarily expect cash flow to outpace revenue by the time you get out to 2017 and beyond. But as I mentioned earlier our model is for most customers to pay us monthly that indicates they have got high engagement with the product and it’s the way that really encourages and accelerates customer growth. I think about that more between and my first reaction is I wouldn’t expect cash flow to be significantly faster growth than customers or than revenue by the time we get fully implemented into ratable.
Neil Williams: Well, that’s a good question. I think the key components if you think about the online subscriber growth we’ve talked about for QuickBooks it’s a big number, it’s an aggressive growth rate and we feel pretty confident about that. We talked about the margin percentage and I mentioned that’s one of the areas where I feel like we have most control. Clearly we put this outlook out with concerns and with situations pretty much steady state in the global economy and in other external factors. Probably the biggest risk that I would think of is something external to Intuit that would happen in the market or what happens some of our customer or things like that. I think the things were embedded in the guidance we provided to give out to ’15 and our outlook for ’16 and ’17 have taken into account things that are in our control we feel pretty confident about that.
Neil Williams: David, we are not going to talk about that at this point. We may give you some more direction at Investor Day possibly but we are not going to pen something down at this point. We want to have as much flexibility to get as many customers as we can over the next couple of years. So, we are not going to get more specific and to say that we expect double-digit revenue growth and margin expansion next year.
Neil Williams: Scott, the four we usually think about is the least offsetting any dilution from stock based compensation. So, we look at the shares we issue every year and that kind of provides a minimum level that we like to acquire and beyond that it just goes to what’s our availability, whatever opportunities we have to invest our cash during the year and other things that we may be considering or have in the pipeline. So, we don’t typically set a maximum level. We have got, I mentioned we got almost 2 billion remaining in our authorization but we never had a trouble getting more authorization if we have the opportunity based on funding and things like that. But I think of at least enough to keep the share count flat as a minimum level.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Thanks. Good afternoon guys. I have a three separate amount of questions. I think I was going to ask in the different order but just of that last question, Neil. I think last year you provided share count guide and I haven’t seen it in the release maybe I missed it. For fiscal ‘15 and then ideally if you had a thought on fiscal ‘17 and if not just to give us a feel for how aggressive you think you will be with buybacks after later than expected in fiscal ‘13 and ‘14? Thanks.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Thanks and just a follow-on to that, 10 acquisitions this year, 550 million and are those numbers right? As a group obviously small in size, so is that the M&A strategy going forward or might we see some spark? Thanks.
Scott Schneeberger - Oppenheimer: Sounds good, I will be there and then last one and I might get the same answer but with regard to QuickBooks Online, last year at Investor Day, you said I think it was bridging for five year which would be I guess out of fiscal ’18, 2 billion incremental QuickBooks, U.S. 1 billion incremental QuickBooks global and now for fiscal ‘17, is there any change to that or is that consistent just on might be measuring apples and oranges but wanted to get a little clarity.
