Shar Dubey: Sure. As you know, I've worn many hats at this company. And when Mandy stepped down, the Board asked me to take the CEO role. It was a unique time for the company. We had just announced the separation from IAC and wanting to become an independent company. At the time, it made sense to me to step up, provide the continuity and help guide the company through that process. But I have told the Board then that I couldn't commit to being a long-term CEO because of where I was in my life and the things that I wanted to do. I want to be able to have a chapter in my life where -- there are things that I care about that I want to make a difference outside of my professional life. Even my CEO employment agreement reflected the fact that I could step down after 18 months. So of course, I took over, and then COVID hit, which none of us were ready for. I am glad I was there to help us navigate through it all. And once we were out of the thick of the COVID crisis, while the Board had hoped I would change my mind and stay longer, they were prepared to work through the succession. So they ran a robust process. They met a diverse set of candidates. And of course, after 16 years, I wasn't going to leave until I believed we found the right successor. And Bernard is that person. He very quickly separated from the pack, and he impressed everyone on the Board. I'm super excited to have him as our next leader. He has -- there are many things the CEO needs, obviously, business acumen, track record of growth, product and technology sense, but also very importantly, people -- a true people leader. And he has the track record. He has the mobile product and consumer experience. He has very much a growth and value creation mindset. And he is a really strong people leader as became evidenced as we talked to people he had worked with and worked for. He also has a very strong instinct for spotting early technology and consumer trends. And he's already experimented with and dug in and studied a lot of the new shifting technologies that are going to be meaningful to our portfolio. Plus, he's operated a very similar business to us, right? It's a multi-brand, multi-platform global markets, including a big Asia presence, brands that are at different stages of growth. And he's dealt with very similar challenges to us. So this is going to be very familiar plus he can bring a lot of his knowledge around unique characteristics of engagement and monetization on the gaming set of products, which would be very valuable for our next vector of growth. And as I said, I'm not going far. I am staying on the Board. I will be able to spend time on parts of the business I love. And given my role as an advisor, we felt it made sense to have Bernard start as soon as he was able to. And so the transition, Bernard officially starts on May 31. And I'm here to help him and the company in any which way I can. So I don't think there is anything to worry about on this front.
Shar Dubey: Yes, sure. We've looked back at our data back in 2008 and also sort of the early days of COVID as proxies for what happens. Generally, there is no change in -- no deterioration in engagement at all. In fact, we've seen increased engagement during times of anxiety and trouble a little bit, right? And if you look at propensity to pay, in 2008, we didn't really see much of anything. The business actually performed really well. And our general view is this is a very small expenditure for people and perhaps one of the latter things that people cut when things are off. Also looking back at the early days of COVID in 2020, while we did see a sudden decline when all the news was going around, the engagement first picked back up very quickly within a few weeks, and propensity to pay also started tracking back up within a few weeks, long before other broader economic indicators were recovering. And so we're watching for signs even now. We're not really -- haven't seen anything yet and not seeing anything. We'll keep a close eye. Our expectation, though, is our business is generally resilient during economic downturns because it does service this very fundamental human need.
Shar Dubey: Okay. That was a long question. First, about MAU. As I said, the -- our total addressable market ex-China, as measured by connected singles, ages 18 to 65, is now over 700 million. And the vast -- in the Western markets, only half of this market has ever tried a dating product. And obviously, that number is much lower in the rest of the world. So that's sort of one opportunity. And usually, the cadence of nonusers breaking into the category is steady and slow driven by new products and features, new marketing campaigns, new channels and of course, word-of-mouth marketing from other successful users. So what became clear during COVID is the importance and efficacy of dating apps for single people as it became really one of the few choices left for -- to meet people. So now -- for now, it is a matter of us convincing the nonusers around the world to break and adopt a dating app. And we know that once they break into the category, they use multiple of them and they keep coming back as their life circumstances change.  One of the examples of trying to tap into some of this category resistor, for example, is our recent new bet Stir, which taps into that unique value proposition for the single parent segment, who find it very hard to navigate mass market products and all of the things they have to go through versus self-selecting into a pool where everybody is sort of dealing with the same issues. While on the topic of MAU, I do want to explain something about the relevance of MAU or not in our business, because we are an episodic churn business and unlike in an ad-supported business, for us, all MAU does not have the same value in our ecosystem. Both for user outcomes as well as monetization, it is more correlated to the balance of liquidity by gender, age, intent, location, et cetera. And so the -- this is why -- and one of the big things is as people, they try it once, they have success or they take a break, and they come back when the circumstances change. So even a 25-year-old brand like Match continues to have a very healthy set of reactivations through the years, right? So that's a sort of phenomenon that's unique to our category, I think. And to your question about monetization, so on an average, the portfolio payer penetration is around mid-teens. But our hard paywall businesses are as high as 40%. And there's also a very large variance by geography. Even for soft paywall businesses in some markets, they are well north of 25%, close to 30%. And so there's a fair degree of runway for us to keep innovating on the payer penetration front. As for average revenue per payer, here's the thing that we have to keep in mind. The total lifetime value amount that a payer pays us is way cheaper than a cost of a single date. And for people who find success on it, this is a priceless, incredibly valuable service. And so I do think there is a tremendous amount of innovation opportunity for us to try different things here and increase that RPP. One of the things I'm excited about is we've referred to the virtual goods trading platform on Tinder and this idea of collectibles. So I think -- and Bernard has particular experience with some of those mechanics. I think that will be a pretty interesting vector for us to watch out for. So as I look back at the history, we've been able to improve all 3 of these metrics, TAM penetration, payer penetration, revenue per payer pretty much every year. And we still have a pretty long runway ahead and a large market opportunity of users to convince to use our products.
Shar Dubey: Yes, I can take that. So Hinge's growth trajectory is on track as we expected. In terms of our 2022 outlook, it only includes a very modest revenue contribution from international expansion, including Germany. This is more of a 2023 item. And our plan has always been to go region by region in Europe in 2022 and then do a steady rollout of about one region a quarter and the timing drivers, really sort of translation and localization of the product. Meanwhile, we've seen a recent surge, for instance, in organic traction in India without any localization. So we want to respond to these types of positive signals, and we are accelerating our launch in India. As we've always thought, this is a pretty interesting and attractive market for a high-intent app. And so much of the international contribution, at least from a revenue perspective, is likely to happen in 2023.
Shar Dubey: That's our last question. With that, I want to thank everyone again. It has been a privilege and an honor. Thank you all.
Gary Swidler: Okay. Thanks for the question. Why don't I try to take a stab at it and provide a little context of what's going on with Google as well as some of the financial impacts? So it's important to understand that we've had user choice on our -- on many of our platforms and brands for a long time. We maintain direct relationships with our customers that way. And in fact, our customers choose to use our payment systems, sometimes at a 3:1 ratio over the Google Play billing system. And Google forcing a change now really serves their interest of capturing the relationships with the customer. And I think they see a very short window now as they see the wave of regulatory change happening for them to grab that relationship with the customer before the regulatory changes disable them from doing so. Now we absolutely do not want to see this change in policy. But unfortunately, we're takers of the policies that Google puts on its store. We don't at all think the change is justified. We've been talking to Google for months to encourage them to allow us to continue to provide user choice. And yet, despite all the rulings and regulatory actions seeking to outlaw mandatory use of their payment system, they're still deciding to go ahead and require us to eliminate user choice, which we've had for many, many years. In fact, they've chosen to allow an exception to their policy to only one company, Spotify, because it served their purposes with European regulators and enabled them to take a share of Spotify subscription fees, which they had not previously been able to do. But in our case, they've been steadfast in removing our ability to provide user choice. Last week, Epic Games, facing a similar situation, decided to file a lawsuit against Google. We view that as a last resort and not something we take lightly in doing. But at the same time, the clock is ticking towards the June 1 deadline, and we need to do our best to protect our consumers' choice as well as our business. Under no circumstances do we want to see ourselves removed from the Play Store or unable to distribute through the Play Store. In terms of the impact, as we've disclosed, we expect their policy change to lead to an incremental approximately $6 million a month cost to us. So for the 7 months starting June 1, the total would be about $42 million in aggregate this year on top of the approximately $100 million we already expect to pay Google. That $42 million for the 7 months compares to the $50 million for 9 months we had estimated previously if the policy change had started in April. So it's pretty much as we expected. Now we do think that the winds of change are blowing very, very rapidly. And we think sometime late this year or next year, some of the regulations around the world are going to force Google's hand and require them to change their policy. Most notably, the DMA in Europe, which affects the entire European Union and is going to outlaw mandatory IP. So while Google is making this policy change now and requiring us to eliminate user choice, ultimately, we think this is going to be very short-lived. And as the regulations change across the globe to prohibit mandatory IAP, we'll be able to return back to an environment where we have alternatives to their payment system.
Gary Swidler: Yes. I mean, I think you absolutely state it correctly. Right now, we're projecting to be close to the bottom end of our previous 15% to 20% revenue growth range. And that really reflects the additional FX and Russia headwinds that we didn't see back in February when we last provided our outlook. And that's going to affect Q2 and Q3 and 4 as well. In terms of your specific question around the second half comps, if you look back on 2021, we had a very strong Q3, and Tinder, in particular, performed very well in Q3. So it's going to be a tougher comp for us growth-wise in Q3 of this year. Q4, on the other hand, presents us an easier comp. And so we expect stronger year-over-year Q4 revenue growth in 2022. I think, though, as you sit here today, there are several puts and takes that will ultimately determine how the second half looks that are a little tougher to predict. For example, our forecast or outlook today assumes that we get back to pre-Omicron levels of activity. And I think right now, we think that, that's where we are. We're back to pre-Omicron levels. But what we don't really know yet is are we going to get back closer to pre-pandemic level of activities back to 2019 kind of levels? And clearly, we're starting to see some positive signs in that direction, including a market like Japan, a very important market for us, where we've really seen significant improvement in user growth since they lifted the restrictions. And so we're expecting that kind of improvement to gradually take hold around the globe. And the question is exactly what levels are we going to get back to. So that's going to affect our performance in the second half of the year. And right now, still a little bit hard to predict exactly where that recovery is going to get to and how quickly. In terms of also our product outlook, Tinder has a very healthy product road map for the rest of the year with a lot of exciting initiatives planned in the back half. And I think that will help offset some of the macro challenges as well. But if you followed us for a while, you know we typically make relatively modest assumptions around the success levels of those initiatives. And we wait to see how they take hold before we predict for their success. And so to the extent some of the initiatives at Tinder in particular or even elsewhere in the company performed better than what we've assumed in our outlook, that would provide additional upside to the growth rates in the back half of the year.
Gary Swidler: Sure. Actually, we've been performing very well from a cost perspective. We're definitely on track to deliver the 50 basis points to 100 basis points of margin improvement ex-Hyperconnect that we had included in our outlook for 2022 back in February with some of the marketing spend discipline and some other spend discipline. We actually might even do a little bit better than that. And I think if you look at it kind of ex-Hyperconnect, ex-Google, margins are probably in the 38% kind of plus territory. So we feel great about how we're doing on that front. Unfortunately, as I mentioned in the answer to the earlier question, the Google policy change if it goes into effect at June 1 is a reasonably significant headwind to us. $42 million is kind of our estimate for the year for the 7 months of impact. And that's, what, about 1.5 points of margin. So it's basically eating up and maybe even a little more all the good work we're doing on spend discipline and basically eating away at that. So as I look at it, net-net for the year, including everything that we see right now, including Hyperconnect, of course, including the effect of the Google change if it comes to pass and everything else that's in the mix, my estimate would be that the company for the year probably achieves margins somewhere right in that mid-30s percent range, of course, including that 2-plus percent effect of Hyperconnect. It will depend a little bit on what levels of marketing spend we choose to put out there given the pace of the COVID recovery. So that's probably the swing factor. And of course, generally, the advertising market because right now, the market remains fairly expensive. And so that's leading to some of our discipline. But depending on kind of overall macroeconomic conditions, that market may adjust as the year goes on. So we'll have to see how that all plays out, but marketing spend will be a significant factor in our margins. But I think we feel good about how we've been disciplined so far and remain very much on track with what we expect to deliver.
Gary Swidler: Let me take that one. So just a little context again. At the time of our separation, we set some clear leverage targets, and we eliminated the buyback that we had back then to ensure that we hit those targets by the end of 2021. We set a net leverage target of 3x. And so now that we've hit that and actually are below that level of net leverage, it clearly makes sense for us to once again have a buyback authorization. At that time, we also stated our capital allocation priorities, which really haven't changed. They are to invest, number one, in our business organically. Number two, to do opportunistic M&A to fill any gaps in our portfolio or to add technologies that we think would enhance the overall portfolio. And we've done those kinds of acquisitions successfully on a number of occasions. If we can't find those kinds of strategically compelling M&A opportunities, then we want to return capital back to shareholders. And so the buyback provides us with the mechanism to have the ability to return capital back to shareholders if that makes sense. And so we think it's a good tool for us to have, an appropriate tool for us to have to use to offset dilution from employee equity awards and to take advantage of opportunities to buy our stock back cheaply in periods of market dislocation, as you point out, which is what we're experiencing right now. And so I think it's fair to assume that as we kind of see what's happening with the stock and with the buyback authorization in place, we'll find opportunities to go in and buy back some shares. And so we'll disclose what we do as we proceed along on that basis. But I think you are thinking about this the same way we are.
Gary Swidler: Sure. Yes. I mean, I think you're thinking about it correctly. We're basically spending where we think it makes sense to spend given the kind of post-COVID recovery dynamics and also making sure that we spend where we can hit our ROI hurdles and maintaining that discipline tightly as we always do. So if you look at Japan as a good example, we are holding back marketing spend in Japan because the market was not receptive. With all the restrictions, it didn't make sense to turn the spigot on significantly in Japan. But now by contrast that we're seeing some real recovery there, we've been spending more and running some new creative campaigns on both our Pairs brand and the Tinder brand, as we mentioned and highlight in the letter. The other thing that's going on is that the market in terms of marketing spend is pretty frothy at the moment. If you look at the U.S., we think the market is expensive. It slowed down significantly at the beginning of COVID, and that was a real opportunity for us to spend aggressively, and we did, but the market has really become much more expensive since that initial COVID-led downturn. And so it's become harder for us to hit our ROI thresholds, particularly at our marketing-heavy spend businesses like Match and Meetic, where we really maintain that ROI discipline. So if we're not seeing opportunities there to hit our hurdles on marketing spend, we're not putting the spend out there. And I think between IDFA, which had some impact and then the environment being strong just more generally, it's just become very challenging to hit the hurdles. The thing to watch out for, I think, though, is what happens with the overall economic picture if people start to get more nervous about where the economy is headed, and we start to see other marketers, advertising budgets get cut back or get delayed, which we often see. And I think we're starting to even see a few signals of that. That could present us with opportunities to, again, hit our hurdles and spend more aggressively. And so as I mentioned in the answer to Brent, that will be a swing factor as we go through the year from a margin perspective. So I think we're starting to see a few signs of nervousness in the market, which could be a benefit to us because as Shar said, our business tends to be economically resilient, somewhat recession-proof. And so if we start to see more opportunities to spend in the market, more opportunity to hit our hurdles, we will absolutely be nimble and take advantage of that, just like we were at the beginning of the COVID period.
