Gary Swidler: Sure. So, John, I know there is a lot of focus, obviously, on the net-add number, in the 1 million. I just want to remind you again, we focus on driving revenue at Tinder, not particularly driving just the sub-number, just the ARPU number. So we look at it in combination. Sitting here today, 1 month into the year or so, what we’re saying is that we think we can do a million sub additions or better for the year and we have a lot of confidence in hitting that target. We know it’s an important target to hit. But as I talked about in my remarks and Mandy talked about in her remarks, there is a lot of different swing factors that are going to affect the trade-off that we make and kind of where each of these KPIs namely ARPU and subscriber additions land, and Shar just talked about it as well. We’re focused on tailoring the product in the Asian markets, which may lead to more a la carte and more ARPU, less than subscriber list. We’re focused on a lot of different prognosis. We’ve got an extremely busy product roadmap at Tinder all through this year. And so, as we’ve seen on a platform of scale, like we have at Tinder, even small things can sometimes lead to significant win. So we’re going to try a lot of different things. We have a lot of confidence. We’ve got a lot of interesting things to roll out. And I think if we execute better, if we get some bigger wins than we’re expecting, that number of 1 million certainly could be higher. But it will depend on what we choose to focus on and where we have success, whether it’s on the a-la-carte side, whether it’s on the subscriber inside or whether it’s on both of those things, which obviously would lead to upside for us overall. So that’s what we have to do. We’re busy executing this. We got a lot of confidence in the Tinder team and the product team that they can execute. We got a lot of things to consider and we’ll certainly see how the year plays out. But we’re mindful of the revenue goals we need to deliver. Subs are clearly a component of that. And we’re going to make a number of trade-offs as the year progresses to land in a place that I think everyone will feel good about.
Gary Swidler: Sure. Happy to do that. So if you go back in time a little bit, we’ve been talking about Tinder being our growth driver and then the non-Tinder brands in aggregate being flat. And we were saying we’re going to try to get those back to growth. And the reality now is that a lot of the brands in the non-Tinder bucket have returned to some level of growth. So we think it was significant that we achieved overall subscriber growth of non-Tinder brands year-over-year in the fourth quarter. That was a milestone that we were shooting for, and I mentioned that we hit it. And our plan really is to drive overall growth from the non-Tinder brands in 2020. And the fact the subs grew in Q4, and that we see the trends that are positive at a large number of the non-Tinder brands, gives us confidence that we’re on the path to get there. So I think that the growth will start out pretty modestly in 2020 – in the early part of the year, but it will ramp and progress over time as we get through the year. And so we feel good about that. Obviously, kind of where we end up on our overall guidance range will be impacted by how much growth we’re able to drive out of the non-Tinder brands as well, of course, is where we end up specifically on the Tinder side, but those are some of the swing factors in the outlook. I think, when you kind of look at the individual brands, and I highlighted some of this in our – in my remarks, Hinge is starting to grow nicely we feel great about the progress you made user growth wise. We’re starting to get to the point now where we’re focusing on monetization. We think that will drive revenue for us in 2020. Pairs in Japan has been a revenue growth story for a while for us now, and the outlook is very good for that business. OkCupid has been a turnaround story in North America, we’ve gotten to the point where it’s growing close to 10%, as Mandy said. And we feel good about the [a la carte] [ph] for OkCupid, not only in North America, but also its always international efforts. So those are very early days. And so that’s going to take a while to contribute to growth. Chispa, BLK are still businesses that we’re investing in. But in general, our starting monetization, and we feel like they should add to the revenue picture as well. And now we’ve been able to get Meetic back to some level of growth in Europe. It’s modest, but it is in the positive comp as well. So we feel good about that. And obviously, turning things from a drag into a contributor, even if modest, is very helpful. So, on the other side of the ledger, you’ve got the affinity businesses, some of which we’ve been running down, and we continue to run down and not really invest in from a marketing standpoint. And Match has been a place where we’ve been working on the product. We’ve been working on marketing. We’ve made some progress. We haven’t quite gotten it to a point where we can put it into the growth column, but we continue to work on it. And we’re hoping that as the year progresses, Match will show some improvement. So those are a lot of moving pieces. The story is a little bit more complicated than just saying in aggregate, it’s flat. But we see enough green shoots in a lot of these businesses or, even better than that, actual revenue growth contribution that we feel good. And the question is, how much growth can we drive out of those businesses? Then on the other side of the coin, you’ve got the investments we’re making in kind of longer-term bets, in the Pairs-engaged matrimony business, which we think can contribute revenue for us, but it’s a longer term play. It’s probably late 2020 into 2021 or beyond that it’s going to really contribute for us. The same is true of the Muslim app that we’re focused on. So I think that’s how we look at it. Hinge was something we made investments in, we’ve gotten it to the point now, where it’s going to contribute revenue in 2020, and ultimately get the profitability. Chispa, BLK, kind of a similar trajectory, and our goal is to kind of keep moving either the legacy brands into the growth category or making investments and drive the new bets into the revenue contribution category as well. So that is the business we’re in. We feel good about the trajectory of virtually all of these businesses. And that gives us a number of additional growth drivers beyond just Tinder that really kind of round out and help us diversify the overall financial profile of the business. And so that’s what – why we feel, we are in good shape as we enter into 2020.
Gary Swidler: In terms of the marketing shift out, we beat our EBITDA expectations. And that was in part driven by a marketing shift out. It probably was in the neighborhood of $5 million or so. There are couple of reasons for that. I mean, first of all, the fourth quarter is generally a time where we tend to be pretty judicious, because it’s not a great time to spend marketing dollars and get strong returns. And so, when we don’t see opportunities, we just kind of save the money and push it out to the next quarter. And so, that was a part of what was going on, given it was Q4. We didn’t see returns that we thought were appropriate. We didn’t spend the money. And then the second, which I alluded to in my remarks is there were a couple of places where we are planning to spend marketing dollars. In India and in Australia for our Tinder brand as well as our OkCupid brand, that because of things that were going on in the countries there, protest in India and wildfires in Australia, which obviously were totally out of our control, we decided it didn’t make sense to spend those marketing dollars in those countries. So we’re going to come back as things have calmed down and spend that, hopefully in the first quarter. So I don’t think it’s right to say that this is kind of a new kind of run-rate level. I think we’re going to go back to our more typical levels of marketing spend. And we have a lot of things underway to do that. Q1 is a good marketing spend quarter for us. We’re planning to try to be aggressive across a lot of these brands, where we see the opportunity for growth as well as a lot of these new bets that we want to drive in 2020. So our strategy remains unchanged, even though we did have this dip in sales and marketing as a percent of revenue in Q4, because our job is to drive growth and we want to make those marketing investments. And we’ve got a lot of platforms where we see positive signs of potential growth or growth itself that we want to invest in. So I think you have to look at Q4 as an artificially low level and some things that are out of our control that drove the shift out, plus the discipline we typically have in Q4 especially and we’re going to kind of go from there.
Mandy Ginsberg: Sure. Let me take that one, Kunal. So as you said, I mean, despite the fact that Facebook launched dating over a year ago internationally and then late last year in the U.S., our fundamental view has not changed. And it’s not changed just because that’s what we thought, it changed based on the data that we’re seeing. Awareness, certainly for Facebook Dating, is growing, and they’ve been promoting it inside of their app. And of course, we are not going to underestimate Facebook, given how many millions of millions of users are on their platform and the friction is low, so why not have people try it? So why wouldn’t people try it? That said, we watched pretty obsessively every KPI across all of our brands. And we really have not seen any correlated negative impact across any of those brands, even the brands that we were more concerned about, that we thought there could be more overlap, but we just haven’t seen it. There has been a lot of multi-app usage, so people under 35 were using 3 to 4 apps that’s still growing. And so not surprising that one of these apps or there could be incremental usage as a result of Facebook, given sort of how long the friction is. We also – we haven’t seen an impact in any other platforms. We’ve also been watching clearly on Tinder, too. We believe there’s very little overlap on Tinder, which is obviously our largest app is young people, 19-year olds, 18-year olds, 20-year olds, they’re just not signing up for Facebook, which is not surprising since that’s probably where their parents would be. And over time, places like in Asia, the more people who use products and the more rich the competitive landscape is, we actually think could help normalize this category and raise – the tide that raises all ships. It actually could be beneficial for the category purposes. So we are still cautious, and we’ll never have too much interest around this, because they’re a big player. But we think that we can compete, and the reason we think can compete is because we will continue to aggressively innovate our products. And that’s the one thing we do every single day, and we do think that, that provides some advantage.
Mandy Ginsberg: Let me take that. I think this is not the way that we look at the business, and you shouldn’t either. Year-over-year trends are much more important in all our businesses, including Tinder. There’s just real seasonality in our business, there always have been since I’ve been here, especially quarter-to-quarter in Q4, because people in Q4 sort of obvious, they focus more between in the U.S., for example, Thanksgiving and Christmas, more on their families and less on dating, naturally and we see that showing up in our numbers, and I bet that if you look at 2018 Q3 to Q4, you probably see sequential revenue growth is negligible as well. We just expect there to be a deceleration between those 2 quarters. And then also in Q4, it’s the lowest marketing spend for most of our businesses, that’s when it’s just not ideal time to spend marketing, because you just don’t have the right sense of attention and mentality for daters. And in fact, this year – past year in Q4, we had lower marketing spend at Match, the lowest we’ve had at Match, because we’ve been pulling spend back. We are excited about the year-over-year subscriber growth of the non-Tinder brand and we do think that this does set us up well for next year. So I would, again, sort of not look at the sequential, because it’s not really the right way to look at it, but the year-over-year is probably the more relevant metric.
Mandy Ginsberg: Let me take the Hinge question, and then Gary can take the marketing one. The last couple – so, first of all, we feel great about Hinge. So the last two years is really focused on user growth. And now, I’ve talked about, kind of putting the spotlight on monetization, which includes new revenue features, merchandising, pricing all the things that we have done for many, many years and have a proven playbook. There are number of proven revenue features on Tinder and our other brands that we just haven’t put on Hinge yet. And we think that that’s a real opportunity. And, of course, we sort of make whatever feature relevant to Hinge and adapt that feature to the Hinge ecosystem. But, like I said, this is sort of we’re really, really early on, the early innings of the monetization playbook on Hinge. And to the extent that we focus on pricing, that’s obviously won’t drive subs, but we’re going to find the right mix that optimizes revenue. So we’re not too hung up on sub number or ARPU, we’re just trying to figure out the maximization of the levers. And then you asked about competition. It is clear that Hinge is incredibly competitive and it’s gaining huge traction among the relationship minded millennials and not just in North America, but international markets, we see really nice growth in the UK and Australia. Hinge targets a different segment of the market than Tinder, for example, because its users tend to be more serious, not that there is not some overlap, but Tinder’s core demo is really that young college audience. It’s more around – it is just more social, little bit more fun. And Hinge is mostly for urban millennials that are like, okay, I have job now, I need to get serious about my life, including my dating life. And so, we think that having this product for this place in the market really fits beautifully into our portfolio. And we think it is definitely competitive and we are seeing it gain ground against other competitors in that relationship-focused space.
Mandy Ginsberg: Before I wrap up, I just wanted to quickly say just one last word, which is, thank you so much for all the support from the people on this call and our investors. I did debate how transparent I should be about my personal life and I’ve always been an open book. We’ve always been a company that’s been very transparent and I kind of made that bet. And the outpour and the kind words have been humbling. So thank you for that. The last group of people I feel like I need to thank are the people at this company, and of course, in this room. It has been an honor to come to work with these incredible human beings that I’ve got to work with every single day. With Gary, in his expanded role as COO, and Shar, who you guys are going to love getting to know. And I just think that they’ve got the experience, the passion, and the vision to take this business forward. And I would wish them luck, but they really don’t need any. They really have what it takes in the future. And there is oftentimes that Shar and I would tell the team and the Board, we got this. And I can guarantee you, they got this. So, with that, thanks for joining the call and thank you for everything.
