Gary Swidler: Great. Thanks, Greg. If you slip over to Slide 11, for the Q2 results, you can see we had a very strong quarter from a revenue, operating income, and EBITDA growth standpoint. Slide 11 listed on as reported basis. Back on Slide 16, we show it on a pro forma for the POF acquisition basis, which is how we look at the business and its strong across all metrics. We had outperformance by Tinder and Match North America. It was partially offset by weaker performance at Match Affinity, OkCupid, and our advertising business as Greg just went through. We exceeded expectations on EBITDA, as we spend a little less on marketing in the quarter and we also shifted some expected costs from Q2 to Q3. Non-Dating business was flat year-over-year, because the SAT test prep revenue remains lower than we expected after test redesign. Our Non-Dating business did move closer to profitability in the quarter and continues to execute on its strategy of moving the business online and increasing cross-selling. The Company's margin improvement story also continued well in the quarter, as a larger percentage of revenue is derived from brands at lower marketing spend. Operating expenses, particularly sales and marketing, declined as a percentage of revenue in the quarter. If you flip to Slide 12 on ARPPU, ARPPU was real positive for us in this quarter. Our ARPPUs increased sequentially in all regions. We saw stability to slightly positive moves in rate across our North American brands. Tinder saw improvement in ARPPU this quarter compared to last as the a la carte revenue which they sell only to existing PMC drove higher ARPPU. Tinder ARPPU internationally was up very strongly. I’m going to now turn it back over to Greg to say a few things about the outlook and then I will take you through the details.
Gary Swidler: Just a couple of comments in the quarter. We say 2% to 3% sequential dating revenue growth. If you go back to our fourth-quarter call, we talked about 5% to 7% sequential revenue growth through the course of this year, but we had a stronger-than-expected performance in Q1 and a stronger-than-expected net performance now in Q2. So if you go back and do the match, this 2% to 3% lands you squarely within the range that we laid out on the Q4 call. So, as Greg said, we’re continuing to execute on our plan that we laid out in the IPO and deliver the results that we’ve been forecasting. In terms of EBITDA margin, we had a very strong performance in the second quarter as I described and we’re expecting the margins to stay roughly in line with where they were in the second quarter, again here in the third quarter, coming up. In terms of the fourth quarter, we're forecasting 4% to 6% sequential dating revenue growth. So more in line with what we laid out back earlier in the year. And again that's driven by significant shift from indirect revenue over to direct revenue. The margins for the fourth quarter we're anticipating will be in the mid 40% range. We had some seasonal effects in the fourth quarter and that’s kind of typical. If you go back over time you will see that, that margins due increased pretty significantly in the fourth quarter, so we are expecting the same thing this year. In terms of the Non-Dating, as we said we manage this business really for progress on its stated strategy and for positive EBITDA. We are less focused on the revenue growth. We are expecting modest aggregate second-half profitability in the business, which we think will be enough to offset the losses we took in the first half on this business. So the business should be modestly profitable for the entire year, which is what we've been stating all along. Typically the third quarter is the strongest for Princeton Review and we're expecting this year to follow that same seasonal trend. On the -- I will leave the outlook there and I will go to Slide 14 just for a minute. This business continues to have incredibly strong cash flows. We are predicting mid-50s adjusted EBITDA to free cash flow conversion rates in 2016. You could see what we’ve done historically is consistent with where we've been historically. We have relatively light CapEx needs in the business. We forecasted 3% to 4% for 2016 and we’re tracking well to that. So if you do the math through that and take the recent stock price of ours, you can see we’re expecting for 2016 a roughly 5% free cash flow yield, which we think compares incredibly favorably to where other companies like us are priced in the market. We’ve also built our cash very significantly since the IPO. You see we started a $50 million of cash at the IPO. We’re up to $174 million of cash at the end of the second quarter. Our leverage has come down as our EBITDA has grown. We are up 3.5x gross levered and net leverage of about 3x. and we expect that we will use cash to delever down below 3x gross leverage over the course of the rest of the year as we’ve a lot of domestic cash, which we’ve been used to pay down debt. Absent some compelling M&A at opportunity which we don’t see in the short-term. We believe that delevering continues to be our best use of cash at the moment. That is the formal slide presentations that we’ve taking you through. We will now be happy to open up the line for questions.
Gary Swidler: And then, Dan, on your question around kind of the revenue trends, as we kind of go through in the slides, Tinder and Match North American really drove the outperformance in the second quarter. So we had some higher revenue there than we’re expecting. In the third quarter, we’re seeing some softness in our Affinity business, some softness in the advertising versus what we expected which Greg went through, and then we’re seeing some strength in Tinder. So those are kind of the moving pieces in the second and the third quarter.
Gary Swidler: He went on the Board and become Vice Chairman. He is still involved but he is obviously not an executive here anymore. Now he has a new role.
Greg Blatt: Sure, Doug. Look, Super Likes drive both, I think when you think about PMC growth or PMC would drive conversion is there are a variety of features behind the paywall. And different features will get different cohorts to subscribe. So some people may subscribe because they want to avoid the daily right swipe limit. Some will subscribe because they want additional Super Likes and some will subscribe because they want our Passport feature. And so the we have internal metrics that allow us to sort of get a good sense of what’s driving it and Super Likes is certainly a meaningful driver of that. We also provide the ability for those subscribers to buy additional Super Likes and when they do that, that drives ARPPU. So it drives both. I mean if you think about it, I want to try get this math right. If you assume -- if you’re a subscriber and you get -- anyway, I don’t want to try and do that, the pricing math, but it’s a meaningful driver of both. And we continue to sort of optimize between those things at all times, right. So, I said throughout that most features could be presented as a subscription feature or as an à la carte feature or as both and you’re constantly optimizing how that works and I’m sure we’re not through optimizing at this point, but right now it's definitely a driver of both pieces. In terms of the App Store stuff, Apple has made some changes to its policies, Google has not. In terms of Apple's policies, there are some benefits for us, not that meaningful. I think that as we’ve talked about, we’re really a periodic consumption business. People will use that for a period of time on average and then they will not use us for a period of time, then they will use us again. And in general, our core usage patterns don't really fit into Apple's sort of post year one, which I think it's like a 60, you can't leave for more than 60 days and that tends not to be our pattern. So there is some benefit there, but I don’t think it's that material. I think that clearly this is the first movement in App Stores in a long time. I think that it is a changing world. I think that they do feel more competition from mobile web where that’s by far the biggest part of our business, so I think it's absolutely possible that those rules could continue to evolve both at Apple and possibly at Google, but we don’t have any special insight into that. So for right now I would say the change is not that material for our business, but over time things could change.
Greg Blatt: On Tinder Social, I think that people buy Super Likes on Tinder Social. Tinder Social when it drives swipes, drives people to the right swipe limit. So, our current monetization system in and of itself works on Tinder Social and in fact we saw nice little pick up this weekend in monetization after we launched Tinder Social. So I think the first response to that is that it fits within our existing monetization framework. Beyond that, I do believe that it presents multiple, especially as we build out in the directions that we think we’re going. Multiple opportunities if you start to go into sort of not just who am I going out with, but where am I going, it starts to create events and sponsorships and a whole bunch of things I think are less obvious on sort of the core Tinder product. But I think that the initial purpose of Tinder Social is about engagement, broadening audience etcetera. It is not being laid out for monetization opportunities in the near-term. It's really about driving engagement, bring in new audiences sort of creating a more coherent sort of tool for planning your social life out. And we think it’s a big first step and we think the -- it will both drive monetization in its current form, but also does present additional opportunities.
Greg Blatt: Yes, I think the loss in the -- the loss or sort of the shortfall in ad revenue that we talked about is most pronounced in Q3 and Q4, because that’s when we had it building. I also, as we said, we cut back on some marketing spend in Q2 on Affinity and that will have a revenue impact that really hits in Q3. And so that’s really the Q3 story. Again, made up by Tinder somewhat and made up even more so in Q4 by Tinder is that continues to roll.
Greg Blatt: Okay. There is a lot there. On Tinder compensation, we’ve compensated Tinder people, and obviously they get salary. But on the equity side, not unlike we did at Match as part of IAC, people at Match, myself included got equity in Match, despite the fact that IAC was the public company. Now we’ve got OkCupid people and OkCupid got equity and OkCupid even though was part of Match. And then right now people at Tinder generally have Tinder equity. They also have some Match equity sort of depends on the mix. But they have Tinder equity in a very similar program to what we’ve used throughout Match and IAC historically. So they’re incented on Tinder equity value creation primarily. In terms of whether we do something strategic, my God, you guys are insatiable. Usually we’re answering questions about when is Match getting spun off from IAC, now we’re answering questions about when is Tinder. Now, look I think we’re open to anything, right. We are about value creation. I think that unlike Match and IAC, what I think there is less sort of operational integration. There is a lot of operational integration between Tinder and the rest of Match Group. So, the concept of a spin-off, of course is possible, but certainly nothing we would consider in the near-term because frankly that sort of synergistic integration is driving a lot of Tinder's growth. You look at Tinder Plus, the subscription business, the Match Group know-how and influence and involvement in that I think it's been really instrumental. Really I think there are a few -- I’ve never really seen -- the monetization of business goes smoothly as this has from sort of a standing start. So I think anything is possible if there became a meaningful discrepancy in valuation between Tinder as a standalone entity and Match Group, we would absolutely focus on it and do what was necessary to solve it. But it's certainly way early for us to be thinking about that right now. In terms of the growth rates for -- I think what you’re asking is North America ex-POF, ex-Tinder because obviously we’ve got solid growth in our international businesses ex-Tinder, the solid growth at POF etcetera. So narrowing down to those three businesses. I think what I said is that sort of we’re at a trough right now that should last for another quarter. Q4 that starts to narrow, the average PMC decline starts to narrow meaningfully and that turns positive again in first half of '17. I think in terms of year-over-year average PMC growth rate '17 over '16, it will be a little noisy because you will had declines in the first part and then up in the second half. I expect it to be modest for those three businesses in '17, although we've not prepared to fully talk about '17 sort of expectation at this point. But sitting here right now that would be my expectation is modest year-over-year average PMC growth in those businesses, '17 over '16, with, again outpaced Tinder and obviously, then POF and Meetic and everything else doing better which again gets too if take long-term what we've talked about, we’ve talked about ex-Tinder, these businesses growing average PMC in sort of a mid to high single-digit sort of range with operating leverage and revenue leverage and that continues to be our expectation. I will -- I need to look at the -- I mean, the DAUs are up over last year nicely. We don’t give that number, but it is meaningfully up versus the 9 million that we talked about, I guess at Q4 or the IPO, whenever that -- in Q4.
Greg Blatt: Yes. I think again there is, I talked a lot about execution and consistency. We drove up and we had android improvements. We had some marketing efficiencies. We had improvements in reg capture, just as you -- you download the app and then what percentage of the downloads become registrations. We talk about conversion from registration, but you also have traffic to registration wins that you can get. We got some real wins there. So nothing that I -- there is no shiny button that we launched that says, here press this button and conversion goes up. It's just about execution which is a huge part of this business. In terms of mobile web, we’re working on all things across the board. I think that you’ll start to see some meaningful changes to mobile web by the end of this quarter or early fourth quarter, certainly this year. The product team is focused on it.
Greg Blatt: In Tinder sub -- the Tinder subs are pretty focused male, much more so than the user base. And again, given the nature if that were the case at Match for instance that would be a real problem, because only subscribers can talk to each other. In a soft paywall business, it's irrelevant from an ecosystem perspective what your mix is of paid users, all that matters is what your mix is of users which is very healthy at Tinder. Obviously launch of incognito is sort of the first feature we’ve launched that is sort of more female focused, and we’re starting to see a rise there. So I think that it presents a real opportunity to us not dissimilar to how we’ve done at OkCupid and some of our other businesses where the first features that drove that soft paywall subscription business were male oriented, and you start to layer on top some female oriented features, and you start to get back to a balance. But I think the important point is that it's sort of irrelevant from a health of the ecosystem user experience business, what that balance of paid users is in those businesses. Right now it's male tilted.
Greg Blatt: Great. OkCupid -- OkCupid was a huge driver for us for three years. It had great growth. It really has sort of leveled off. I think that when you think about -- when I think about the future of this category, I think that OkCupid is being really well positioned, meaning as much as we love the hard paywall businesses which we do, they are as we know -- they are a huge cash generating machine, but they are slower growing than the soft paywall business. OkCupid is a soft paywall business with a great brand and a great product when you sort of do surveys etc. OkCupid really has a unique personality a special place etc. So I think it's really well positioned to grow. I think we had multiple management turnovers. You had sort of the original founding team moving on. I think in retrospect we didn’t do enough to sort of show that business up, integrate it into the broader institution to be prepared for that moment. And I think that it suffered a lot last year in terms of, on doing things that drove the kind of brand excitement and awareness that it has historically done in terms of data, controversy etc, if it didn’t do those things. And I think that from a product focus it just didn’t, I think it didn’t keep up over the last sort of 12 to 15 months. We’ve got new leadership in. There’s a fair amount of change going on institutionally. I’m very optimistic about it as a long-term brand. Again, more so frankly as many of our other brands, it is sort of incredibly well positioned to capture that sort of demographic, that it's incredibly growing demographic. So I feel really good about it. If this execution matters in this business, and I think that it's going to be couple of quarters before it starts contributing again to grow. In terms of OurTime, one the mobile side I guess that, the thing I would say is probably the most obviously is it's not necessarily that it's harder, but it's later. Meaning, the mobile transition has always been hard. It's just sort of happening at OurTime later than it’s happened at some of our other brands, because it's an older demo. And so, that I don’t have the numbers in front of me. But the -- where does it match, we’re sort of more at the end of that makeshift in OurTime lets say we’re more at the middle of it. And I also think that just, in terms of the last year when we were doing the big product and technology sort of consolidation project, People Media didn’t get the kind of product attention that it would otherwise have gotten, because resources were distracted. And now as we start to build them, sort of Match is getting the focus before People Media. So again, it's one of those things that in hindsight, I sort of, I understand why it's seeing some headwinds right now. We didn’t expect them to come as they did, but I understand them. Haven’t had really a new marketing campaign of moment, in a few years we’re changing that. So I think it's just about focus and energy and I expect it. It continues to be again, like OkCupid very well positioned. It really doesn’t have competition, but any scale it is a growing audience and we just need to focus on it a little bit more.
Greg Blatt: Sure. I think most of the changes actually happened in the prior quarter unless I’m missing -- we’ve got a new leader at -- we’ve got a new leader at OkCupid, Elie Siedman. So, I don’t -- in terms of like pure brand leadership, I think that the OkCupid one is the most recent one which I think we announced literally the day of the call last time whatever. So he’s been in place for three months. And as I said to the last question, started to make real progress, I think he’s going to be great, but it's too early to really show results there. Other than that, I don’t -- we hired a fair number of people at Tinder, but again I think all that with prior quarters. So, I don’t think there have been big changes in the last three months. Again, the Tinder, a very big influx of new leadership sort of during Q1 into Q2. New engineering, the new Head of International and new Head of Finance, new Head of Marketing, so big changes there. Other than that, I think relatively stable.
Greg Blatt: Sorry, but that happened December 31. So, that was -- and we announced that, we announced that back in November that at the end of year I’ve become CEO as well as Chairman, and Sam was moving on and that happened December 31.
Greg Blatt: That's right. So that's been -- we’ve been in that mode for six and half months or seven months at this point. And again, I think I’d like to think that it went relatively smoothly, although obviously there is always change. I think we’ve been executing really well. I think that there’s been no organ rejection that I’m aware of in terms of the new leaderships coming in, in a variety of places. I think it's gelling pretty well, and again I think our execution is improving nicely. In terms of the other question, I know you asked that last quarter, and we really should come up with a better way to sort of frame that on a long-term consolidated basis for you. I think again it's hard because you have so many different growth trajectory, it's not -- we really do look at it from a bottoms up sort of business-by-business perspective, and so it becomes sort of a reverse engineering in some ways onto this thing. I think we talk about the trends clearly conversion within each business should be growing now, and we’re seeing that again after several quarters of decline. Because the mobile chip in general within each business we’re improving conversion. We are not -- in some of the business where we pulled back marketing this year we’re not sort of growing regs meaningfully, because they are by definition market independent. We expect to start stepping that up again in Q4. So there’s a lot of different moving pieces. In general we expect users to continue to go up, penetration to sort of be flattish to slightly down as those users go up and makeshift occurs and ARPU as PlentyOfFish sort of anniversaries, and Tinder grows to decline, but much more modestly on a ongoing basis than it has over this last sort of year and half where we had the seismic shift of Tinder going from zero to meaningful and PlentyOfFish coming into the system. So those are sort of the macro-trends, they’re not really different than what we called out in the IPO. They continue to be the case. But in terms of giving you the miracle sort of consolidated model, we still will use something on that. It's not so easily done, and we will work on it.
Greg Blatt: I think POF has been pretty much on plan, since we bought it it's been up or down a little bit and it's had this upside, but in general it's on plan. So we really feel good about it, driven again mostly by this increasing modernization and sort of rolling out these features going very well sort of again, boringly as expected. So that's good. In terms of the ad stuff, we think it could be a mix of direct and programmatic. Again, I’m learning this world on the fly, but it's becoming a more complicated world. You’ve got private marketplaces that are direct sold, but sort of programmatically delivered. And so you get these world blending. We’ve ramped a sales force. We are going to be in that world as well as the straight programmatic world. We do think that's an important part of our growth. I think the problem for us is that, we haven’t really even landed exactly on what the ad unit it, and what the frequencies are and all the rest, because we haven’t really been able to get touch the code in a meaningful way to sort of create that. So we’ve sort of been selling what we we’ve had to sell and we’ve grown revenue in that way. But we’re reluctant to sort of really push that ahead meaningfully until we sort of are able to more systematically assess what we want this business to look like, and we haven’t really had access to do that yet. We expect to do that in the balance of this year, and we expect to be poised to sort of really start growing that revenue in 2017. But we certainly don’t think there’s a lack of demand. We don’t think there’s a lack of resources dedicated to direct sales, and we think that it will make a meaningful part of that business going forward.
Greg Blatt: Okay. I think on the Pokémon Go, I have not done forensic assessment. I do know that this last weekend was Tinder’s biggest weekend ever. So I don’t -- so I haven’t seen any correlation or assumed one, but I also haven’t looked for one. But from what I have seen without looking forward, the answer would be no. In terms of customer ads, we’ve always done, I’m familiar with that ad unit. I think we’ve done things like that before. One of the things we have to offer is the ability to engage on this life and to offer sort of a post life experience and all that sort of thing. I think it will be a part of our business going forward undoubtedly. I think it's a CPM riser. The ability to which that scales in connection with the private marketplaces and the programmatic and sort of the more standard direct sales, is this thing that I can’t answer yet, because we haven’t really started to roll that out. But I do expect that those kinds of units that are especially they are not just native placements but they are sort of higher engagement units that are higher CPM units to be part of the ad business at Tinder going forward.
Greg Blatt: I think that's a great question for Mr. Levin and Mr. Schiffman on tomorrow's IAC call. So I would simply say that I don’t have any information other than what we’ve talked about before. So, you’ll have to pose that to them.
