Gary Swidler: Yes, I think that’s all right. It’s important to understand that what we’re seeing in terms of Tinder subs for Q4 is basically what we’ve been expecting the entire year. We had a product plan at Tinder which we’ve been executing on. We talked about 1.6 million net adds for the full year or thereabouts, and we’re on track to deliver something very close to that. There is a little bit of a pull forward of terminations, as Mandy said, on iOS at Tinder and some of our other brands from the changes that Apple made, so that is affecting the sub number a little bit in Q4, but that is really, I think, the only thing that’s going on that was not expected by us all along in this year as we planned Tinder sub additions. That’s the one item, but again I think it’s mostly a pull forward probably into a little bit in Q4, probably lingers into Q1, and then I think you’ll see that effect on the Tinder sub numbers and the overall sub numbers dissipate a little bit.  As it relates to the Tinder sub outlook, that’s kind of the pieces of it. It’s certainly not related to Facebook or competition in any way.  I think if you look at the overall fourth quarter outlook that we provided, there’s really two things that are, I think, affecting where we thought we’d be back in August versus where we are now. I think the first is FX, which I called out in my remarks. That’s probably on the order of $6 million incremental negative versus where it was three months ago related to Brexit and the euro and the pound against the dollar. That’s one piece of it, and there’s probably some small impact from the Apple changes that we see in Q4 as well. I think that’s kind of the top line impact. Obviously that flows down to the bottom line as well, so that’s a piece of it, and then we have incremental legal expenses. I call out $25 million of incremental in Q4. Probably half of that, $12 million, $13 million relates to legal. It’s just a phase we’re in right now in these various matters with FTC and DOJ as well as the Tinder employee and some of the other matters we have, related to discovery and ongoing preparation, which we’re taking all very seriously, and so we’re incurring those expenses and they will affect our fourth quarter. I think those are the three moving pieces related to the fourth quarter versus where we had previously expected. I think your second question related to marketing spend. When you look at our marketing spend, really what we’re doing is we’re shifting marketing spend from some of the brands that are more mature and showing less growth trajectory into the newer bets and brands that are showing more potential for growth. That has been going on all year. It’s continuing into Q4 and it’s continuing into 2020, so that’s a theme that you’re going continue to hear about. When you look at that, it’s the brands you would expect - it’s OK Cupid in these international markets, in India, in other new markets where we think we have a chance to expand OK Cupid. It’s related to the BLK and Chispa brands. It’s related to Hinge. It’s related to Pairs, which has shown great traction in Japan both in its core business as well now we’re expanding into the new Pairs Engage product. So that’s where the marketing spend is going. If you look at kind of the Q4 trajectory, I don’t think marketing spend is going to be up significantly, I just think it’s a shift. There’s more dollars going into the brands that are showing growth and there is more discipline around the spend, and that is something that we’ve been talking about for, I think, a long time. We have a very robust analytical framework to try to figure out where we should be spending the dollars and where we shouldn’t, and we’re continuing to fine tune that; but the themes around investing or increasing marketing spend in the brands with momentum will continue to be a theme and we’ll continue to try to pare back as much as we can in the brands with less momentum.  To the extent we can do product work or other things to drive back momentum in some of the other brands, which we’ve done for example in OK Cupid in the U.S., we will then spend more marketing dollars in those brands to supplement the organic growth that they’re seeing. It’s not a decision that we make and that’s static. As we see performance in these brands, we will adjust our spend levels in each of them and that’s the constant job that we’re doing, to try to make sure we’re allocating our overall marketing spend as efficiently and effectively as we possibly can.
Gary Swidler: Sure, okay. Well, thanks for pointing out certainly one of the brighter spots in our earnings report, I think, from this quarter. We believe that the non-Tinder brands really did turn the corner in Q3, and that’s why we have confidence that those brands are going to grow in aggregate in Q4 and into 2020. You pointed out the 95,000 sequential additions, which is notable, as you say, and I think the important thing to understand is we’re getting contributions to that number from a broad number of brands. Hinge is clearly a big contributor, OK Cupid is a big contributor, the new bets in BLK and Chispa are contributing, our Meetic business is contributing, so it’s a number of brands within the non-Tinder group that are really contributing. Our goal is to keep widening that out, and I think we’re on track to do that.  The reason that you don’t see as much revenue flow through as you might expect, given those subscriber trends, is a lot of those brands are still very early in their monetization trajectory. We’ve talked about this before a little bit related to Hinge, which we think there’s a lot to go in terms of monetization. It’s not something we’ve turned our attention to, but we are now starting to turn our attention to it, so that is on the plans for 2020. I think that as Hinge continues to grow users, it will grow subscribers as it’s been doing. As we adjust monetization, it will start to contribute much more to the overall revenue pie at the company, and the same is true for some of the other brands as well. Those brands are just in different phases of their development, and as I said earlier, when we’re investing--when I explained why we’re investing in these brands, we see the clear user growth, the product momentum, and now we need to turn our attention to monetization, to subscriber and revenue growth. That’s what naturally comes next. You’ve got to take this all one step at a time, and we have a playbook that we’re following for these brands. We’re going to bring that playbook next to Hinge in a very significant way, and we have a lot of confidence that we’ll be able to do what we need to do to drive monetization at those brands.
Gary Swidler: So just taking the last part of your question first, on the Android sub trends, we delivered 437,000 sequential adds at Tinder in Q3. We had been expecting just above 400,000, so we actually are very pleased with the way the quarter went in general for Tinder as well as specifically the impact of the redesign on Android, because I think the number speaks for itself - we exceeded the expectations that we had set out. We feel very good that that went better than planned and are very pleased overall with the Q3 performance of subscribers at Tinder. In terms of the cost of revenue, there are two or three items that I want to call out. On the positive side, we’re getting benefit from more and more users at Tinder on Android paying by credit cards. As we’ve said before, we think providing users a choice makes sense. Obviously the users see benefit in that because the take rates on the credit card payment method are strong at Tinder, so that is giving us benefit in terms of cost of revenue.  In terms of other things that are going on, though, that may make that benefit less visible as you read our reports, there’s two things really going on, one which I alluded to in the answer to the first question on the call. Tinder is spending more on tech infrastructure as it expands more globally, to serve that more global customer base, so that is appearing also in cost of revenue and is somewhat of an offset to the benefit we’re getting from the Android credit card, so that’s one piece of it. The other thing, which I alluded to as well in that question earlier in the call, related to other brands besides Tinder moving more of their user base to apps, so we’re seeing a higher percentage of revenue being paid to app stores as a result of more of our other users coming on and subscribing through the App Store.  Those are the kinds of puts and takes inside the cost of revenue line, and that’s why it had been increasing pretty significantly over the last eight quarters, or maybe even longer. It has kind of stabilized at that point because there are pluses and minuses, or benefits and offsets going on within that line, and I think that’s an important trend overall to understand in the business.
Gary Swidler: I think we have to leave it there. I think we’re basically out of time. We appreciate everybody joining. Obviously lots of moving pieces and we tried to take you through it all as clearly as we could, but we feel great about the quarter, we feel great about the momentum that the business is showing. We are in great shape as we turn the corner from ’19 into ’20, and we look forward to talking to you all on our February call. Thanks very much.
