Bernard Kim: Thanks, Shweta, for the question. First of all, I wasn't expecting to have to manage a CEO transition so early in my tenure, and I know it's not ideal to have two Tinder CEOs in two years. But with Renate's departure, I wanted to act quickly and be decisive and put in a team that I felt confident in. We've assembled a team of all stars from Tinder and Match Group, and we also brought in Mark as CPO, who I've known for over 15 years. Faye is moving into a newly formed position as COO of Tinder and will improve execution across the entire organization. Tom has done a great job leading engineering for the last five years at Tinder and we're delighted that he is going to continue to lead our engineering teams. Melissa is an award-winning CMO, who's done great things at OkCupid, and we're really happy that she is bringing her expertise to our biggest business. And Mark joined Tinder one week after I joined Match Group, and he is my top choice to lead product as I've worked with him at Electronic Arts and have admired his accomplishments leading product teams. This team in place is already working really well together and driving the business forward. And we think the new CEO, once in place, is going to really enjoy working with this strong team. When it comes to finding the new CEO, first and foremost, I want to break the cycle of short-tenured leaders at Tinder. I want someone who's experienced, creative leader that inspires and motivates team, but is also aligned with our growth vision for the business. I will be personally leading this search. But in the meantime, I'm really excited to immerse myself in Los Angeles with the Tinder team. With leadership change comes tremendous opportunity and I really look forward to taking his team and Tinder to the next level of growth.
Bernard Kim: Thanks so much, Cory, for the question. Tinder did not deliver on its product road map for the first half of the year. And execution on a number of initiatives have been delayed that we were counting on for growth in Q3 and Q4. Typically, Tinder works on big initiatives on the first half of the year that materialize in payer and revenue growth in the second half of the year, but that didn't happen this time around. So we don't expect the same revenue bump that we typically see. As an example, a lot of time was building – was spent building Explore. It's a strong gateway with high engagement, but we haven't succeeded yet on innovating the user experience and then also building monetization features to maximize its potential. I do believe that there is a lot of market opportunity and great product ideas at Tinder, but it's all about execution. I think now with the new team in place, I feel confident that we will deliver on the product road map, and it gives me a lot of optimism that this is all fixable and a short-term problem for Tinder.
Bernard Kim: Hinge has been very successful in many markets already, and we've created great user experience that intentions singles love. We've seen it excel in marketing and product development, driven by Hinge's awesome team and culture, coupled with Match's expertise. Hinge has great momentum, and I see two vectors for accelerating Hinge's growth. One, there's still ample runway on monetization and user growth in core markets as we continue to roll out features and marketing campaigns to drive this growth. For example, we're really excited about the next monetization feature, which is a premium subscription tier. Second is capitalizing on product market fit that Hinge has created and translating that into as many markets as fast as we can. This will help accelerated international expansion, which will drive stronger revenue growth in 2023 and beyond. I think the combination of these two growth opportunities set up Hinge for multiple years of strong revenue growth.
Bernard Kim: Thanks, I can take that one. Lauren thanks for the great questions. I feel confident that coins and virtual goods are a compelling offering in Tinder and can lead to significant monetization of power users, who I believe, are currently under monetized. Mark and I have spent most of our career in gaming, focusing on building such ecosystems, and we bring this expertise to the table. I love the idea of virtual goods and currency in Tinder. But I believe it hasn't been approached in a completely logical way. For instance, my experience in gaming demand for virtual goods and collectibles are rolled out first and then you launch the currency to get these items later. While it's frustrating to pause the efforts, I think, it's super important that Mark and I deliver the right value proposition so this can be a long term revenue stream. In terms of your question around shorter term subscription packages, historically Match Group has not offered these, but we are going to start testing a variety of short term subscriptions at different price points to see what works. We plan our initial rollout of these programs this upcoming fall.
Bernard Kim: Thanks, Youssef for the great question. Let me hit this like right on. I do not believe that the category is saturated. I wouldn't have taken this job if I thought it was. As we shared in the letter more than half of singles in developed markets, such as U.S. and Western Europe have not even tried dating apps. So – and there's even a greater opportunity in APAC and the rest of the world. We have just demonstrated that product innovation leads to product adoption, which drives overall category growth. It's important to continue to innovate on our products in order to introduce online dating to new users. A great example is at hinge, it has great user momentum and has strong top of funnel growth directly driven by exciting new features, such as voice prompts. Tinder has not seen that same level of product innovation recently, but we feel like we have the right marketing and product teams in place now to innovate and drive its next level of growth.
Bernard Kim: Thanks Gary. Before we close the call, I want to thank the employees, the board and our investors for trusting me with this opportunity. There's so much potential and runway ahead. I will work tirelessly to push the business forward. And as a vote of confidence, I plan on buying $1 million worth of Match Group's shares in the open market tomorrow. I'm committed to building long-term shareholder value, and I'm really looking forward to speaking with you again in November. Thank you all.
Gary Swidler: Sure, John. I'm happy to take it. Thanks for the question. Here's the way that I kind of think about the back half for the year generally, Q3 and Q4, which is between what we expect to deliver now for the back half of the year and versus what would have resulted in our hitting our recent guidance, which was low end of the 15% to 20% range for 2022. There's a gap there, and it really results from three areas. The first, which is about a third of the gap, is from additional FX headwinds. We talked a lot in the prepared remarks about how much that has gotten more severe and so about a third of the gap comes from that. Of the rest, about half of the rest or one third of the total comes from what BK just talked about, which is Tinder missed execution and the lack of delivery of initiatives, not having hit product road map and delivered as we expected in the first half of the year. And the other piece comes from a variety of other factors across the business: weakness in APAC, especially Japan; weakness in live streaming and to the established brands; and generally, some effects of macro weakness, we think, might be in that bucket as well. So those are the three buckets which, of the total gap, I think you should account for about one third. And now while we're not expecting much improvement in Q4 compared to Q3, we do expect momentum to build after that and to carry over and improve as we move through 2023.
Gary Swidler: And let me jump in on the margin question. I want to point out a couple of things as it relates to Hinge and margins. The first thing is, while we are being very judicious and cautious about marketing spend across the company as well as on hiring now and going forward, we recognize that Hinge is the brightest spot in the portfolio. And it is our strongest growth business. It's a very important business to us. And we are going to continue to invest at the right levels in that business, both on the marketing side as well as in product and development and people. So we're being judicious, but we're being thoughtful. And we want to make sure Hinge has the resources it needs to continue on its growth trajectory. And I don't see issues there in terms of the way we are treating expenses as relates to marketing or headcount. I think Hinge has the resources to continue to grow exactly as we're planning for it to grow. So I want to make sure people understand the nuances there and the distinctions between business that are struggling more to grow, where we're going to be more judicious on marketing and hiring versus a business like Hinge, which is growing strongly. And we're investing in. As far as what kind of margins we can achieve, I think, that we are still very smart and efficient with our marketing spend. We are spending where we see traction in the business, like now in a market like Germany, we see the organic traction, we're investing into it with marketing spend. That has been our playbook and continues to be our playbook at Hinge. And we think that Hinge is already in position to achieve margins that are close to the company levels of margins. And we think that that's what Hinge can achieve over time. And so, we don't think Hinge will be a drag on our margins. We think that Hinge will contribute nicely to the overall company margins and still grow at the levels that we've been talking about as we've been providing our outlook, which, as we say, is 50% for this year and we think we'll be very strong into 2023 as well. So hopefully that answers your questions.
Gary Swidler: Sure. Let me jump in and take that and thanks for the question. And as I talked about a little bit with the answer to John's question as well, about 2023, so I'll try to weave that together. First of all, I want to say off the bat, we remain confident that this business can return to mid to high teens, revenue growth. There is a lot of opportunity for us and it really comes down to execution. And right now we didn't execute as we needed to and as expected to in the first part of the year. So we need a few quarters to rebuild the momentum in the business. And as BK has talked about extensively in particular, we need a few quarters to get the Tinder team, to improve their overall execution and deliver on their product roadmap. And so, as you know as that takes place, we need to build back into stronger and stronger growth. And I think that will happen as we move into and then through 2023 at a measured pace in terms of improving the growth. Obviously our goal is to deliver more than that, but our goal is to at least deliver strong and improving growth as we move through the quarters starting in 2023. We will provide more details and specifics on what, I think, we can deliver for 2023 in the upcoming calls as is our custom. So we'll give you a better sense of what exactly the cadence is going to be like and what levels we think we can get to. But our goal is to get back to where we have been. We think there's opportunity to do that. And as long as we execute and in particular, the Tinder team executes on that, we do think we will get there.
Gary Swidler: And then maybe I can just jump in on the second half outlook. I want to clarify something that you said, which is that implies, we are counting on coins or even virtual goods for the second half delivery of our revenue targets. And that isn't the case. There wasn't much, if anything, baked into the second half outlook around coins and virtual goods. So the fact that we're delaying that is not the driver of the shortfall versus our expectations for the second half. But there were a series of other less keynote kind of initiatives and optimizations that were expected in the first half of 2022 to help us deliver the second half revenue and also more initiatives in the back half of the year to help deliver the second half revenue. And it's on that series of initiatives kind of less sexy, less notable initiatives, but still very important initiatives that really has not taken place. And it explains why changes in the team at Tinder have been made to try to make sure that we deliver more fully on the initiatives and optimizations that we have in our plans. And so it's that kind of shortfall and delay that's really causing the issue. I think if you look back where we were in May, we still believe that we were going to deliver those initiatives. And right now, I think, our confidence in that happening in the back half of the year has come down, we've made the changes and we think we'll be positioned to have more momentum as we get out of 2022 and into 2023. And if you look back into last year, you'll note that we had a very strong performance in Q3 and Q4 as I called out. And the reason for that is we did deliver on significant initiatives, not particularly massive initiatives, but a series of important initiatives and optimizations in the early part of the year, as well as in Q3. And I talked about in the remarks and that really propelled strong payer additions in Q3 and into Q4 and strong revenue growth that materialized in 2021 and it hasn't materialized in 2022. And we need to deliver on those kinds of initiatives and product improvements to drive the revenue growth and the team at Tinder needs to do that. And we think we'll now be positioned to do that again.
Gary Swidler: Hey, Jason why don't I jump in and try to take this one? As I said in my remarks, I think, as a category, we believe that dating is readily resilient to economic downturns. And we expect our business would be minimally impacted in a downturn as well. I think as you rightly point out, if there were any impact, it would be at the brands that serve lower income consumers with less discretionary income. We wouldn't expect to see, for example, effect at our business like Hinge, which tends to have a much more affluent customer. And so far at Hinge, we definitely have not seen any impact from the overall macroeconomic environment. We also think that the subscription nature of our business is more sticky and does provide us with some insulation from an economic downturn. But on the other hand, there is some à la carte revenue and that's more discretionary and probably would be at more, at more risk in a downturn. So, well, right now we don't see any real impacts to our business for macroeconomic factors. We are watching for them closely. It's something we want to monitor as we get out of the year, because we do think there are a lot of crosswinds going on globally. But I would say that I don't see much downside to our 2022, even if things did continue to deteriorate. I think we've kind of assumed the right level of potential risk there as well in our 2022 outlook. So we'll see what materialize in the next six months. But I think that your view of kind of the resiliency of our business, the way that affluent consumers in particular are more insulated, the risk more on the people with lower income, more discretionary spending, I think, the right way to think about our business.
Gary Swidler: Sure. I'm happy to take it. Let me just make sure that everyone understands kind of our outlook and there's clarity around that. So we're basically saying at the midpoint of the ranges in Q3, there'd be about 32% AOI margins, and then we're expecting some modest improvement from there, which I think you could read as 100 basis points to 150 basis points of sequential improvement in Q4. In terms of the overall year-over-year change in the margin drivers, let me see if I can kind of do this off the top of my head. And so I would say App Store fees are probably a point and a half of headwinds. So there's still a meaningful headwind on year-over-year margins in Q3 and probably headcount is maybe 2.5 points of headwind. So you have 4 points of headwind from the App Stores and the headcount moves that we've made. You probably get about a point of benefit from sales and marketing. On the other hand and I would say there's probably some small other effects from other items and that's probably a little bit of a headwind, so I probably am around 3.5 or so of year-over-year decline, so that probably rounds to your 4%. But I think it's primarily the head count and the App Store fees with some offset from the lower marketing spend. In terms of your second question, I don't expect there to be significant leverage on the product development line in the upcoming quarters, but I do think that as we turn the corner into 2023, we'll start to see the effects of the pullbacks and hiring that we're making. And also we'll start to see stronger revenue growth, stronger revenue generation from Tinder in particular as the new team really starts to accelerate and build momentum, and that will help drive momentum on the product development side as well as should help overall company margins because as I mentioned in my remarks, the fact that Tinder which is a very high margin business is not contributing as it has been, does have a significant effect on the overall company margin. So getting Tinder going is important not only from a revenue growth perspective, but also from a margin improvement, margin acceleration perspective. So it is the key, it's the reasons we've made the changes we are driving to, and I think we have optimism as we turn the corner into 2023 on all those aspects of the business.
