Gary Swidler: Sure, John. Let me give it a shot at unpacking some of that for you in a little detail. I think on the revenue side, the biggest swing factor for 2024 performance is really, of course, related to Tinder; how well the execution continues to be, how much delivery of growth Tinder delivers in 2024. And as we've talked about many times, we feel really good about how the team is executing, the product velocity, the marketing initiatives. And so, we've been planning for this for a while, and we are aware that Tinder needs to deliver in 2024 on both top of funnel and on improving payer conversion and overall payers and revenue. And so that is probably the biggest swing factor as we look at the 2024 revenue guidance. The second factor that I would point to, and we called it out, is the macro environment. We're particularly monitoring Tinder on that front because there's a lot of younger users there with less disposable income. There's a lot of à la carte revenue at Tinder, which tends to be a more discretionary purchase. And so, we're watching to see what happens in the economies globally as we turn the corner in '24. We know the consumer has held on well to this point, but we're increasingly nervous about what's to come in the months ahead. And we're factoring that into our thoughts on outlook for '24 revenue as well. And then you've got the events in the Middle East, the horrific events going on in the Middle East that we're obviously monitoring very closely as well. We quantified the impact of that on our fourth quarter, but obviously much more challenging to get visibility on what's going to happen across the Middle East and what the impact is going to be on our business specifically, which obviously a more minor concern but nonetheless something we're trying to factor in as we think about '24. And then last but sort of relatedly to the economy and what's going on in the Middle East as well is what happens with FX rates. We use the forward curve to predict the FX impact for the coming year. And we've done so again this year. But as we've seen consistently and repeatedly, the forward curve tends to be not always the best predictor of actually what's to come, and there's been a lot of volatility in FX rates. And I think it's fair to assume that that volatility is going to continue as we go forward. And so that's another swing factor on our 2024 revenue growth outlook. I think those are the biggest ones. Obviously, there are others, but I would call those out. On the margin side which you asked about, in addition to the contribution from Tinder, I mentioned that we're analyzing the incremental marketing spend at Hinge, at some of our newer growth businesses like Archer and The League, and also at Tinder. I think we will have some guardrails on the increased marketing spend at Tinder. I don't see that being more than a point or two of revenue next year, incrementally, but it's something that we're analyzing as we go through our planning process, and we'll have more of an update as we get into the early part of next year. But we do recognize that we need to continue to build the brand narrative at Tinder, and to supplement the viral growth with marketing as BK talked about in his remarks. And I think that we can offset the incremental marketing spend at Tinder, should we choose to do that, with reductions elsewhere across the portfolio, which is something that we've been doing through the course of '23. And then last, I would point to innovation, which I called out in my remarks as well. We think it's critically important that we make the proper level of investments in innovation to drive more users into the brands and to increase the value of our products to the users. We think that AI is really providing us with a once-in-a-decade opportunity to do that. And we want to make sure that we harness that opportunity and make the right level of investments in AI. We're still trying to calibrate what that means in terms of hiring, in terms of adding capabilities. We want to do this in a disciplined way, and we're cognizant that we're still very early on in AI and what it requires and what the opportunity is. So, we want to calibrate this properly, and it's something that we're carefully doing, and we'll have more on that as well as we make some final determinations and provide a more detailed outlook, in February, for 2024. But I would say the marketing investments, the AI investments are the two biggest "Swing factors" on margins that I would point to for '24. So, I hope that's helpful and I answered your question with a little more detail.
Gary Swidler: Sure. So, first of all, I would say that we're pleased with the outcome of the settlement. Getting the litigation resolved from our perspective is a good thing. There's always uncertainty when you're going into a trial, and we feel good that we've been able to provide shareholders with certainty around this topic for at least the next few years. And more importantly, we've been able to provide our users with a choice of billing, which is something that we have consistently said is critical to our users, something that we want to be able to provide, and we're happy that we have the opportunity now to provide user choice billing to our consumer base, so we think that's a real positive. Now, unfortunately, the terms of the settlement are confidential, so there's not a ton of detail that we can go into but let me try to unpack some of the pieces for you. And if you go back all the way to October of 2021 that's where Google wanted to start implementing the change in their billing policies, and we're sitting here now more than 2 years later, effectively, and Google had asked us to escrow $40 million against the incremental costs from October 21 through the lawsuit, and as part of the settlement, we basically said we basically agreed that we won't owe any amounts prior to the end of this year, and so what that means is everything that we've been processing on credit cards for the last two-plus years there's no incremental fees owed, and I think if you go back to our earnings release in May of 2022, we estimated that the change in policy was probably about a $6 million per month cost, and so you can probably do the math on those savings over that period of time that I just enumerated. So, that's clear value we don't owe any more money, and we're getting back the $40 million, so that's how we calculate the initial piece of value. And then there's the second piece of value, which is the ongoing arrangement that we're entering into with Google, a new partnership with Google across their myriad services, which includes distribution, includes marketing, includes cloud services, it includes other things that we do with them, so it's a broad partnership, and basically, the settlement agreement, the new partnership agreement says that we will implement user choice billing, we will pay the fees that are required under that policy, which is 11% and 26%, and as a result of the new broad partnership we're going to get benefits such that we essentially offset the impact of the implementation of user choice billing, and so we view that as largely neutral in the '24, '25, and '26 period, and we'll kind of go from there. As you also, I'm sure, know and asked about there's a lot of changes afoot on the regulatory front, on the legal front, related to App Store policies, there's frequently decisions coming down that basically question the fairness of the current policies, and so as a result of that, we think it's likely that over time, there will be more change to the App Store ecosystem. Importantly, we haven't assumed any changes in our financial outlook for 2024 as a result of any regulatory or legal actions, but I think it's fair to assume that over time, there will be some, and so we'll quantify those at the appropriate time, but we certainly expect to get the benefits of whatever changes occur in whatever jurisdictions globally they occur in, and they're occurring in a lot of jurisdictions. So, that's something that we're continuing to watch, and we'll continue to monitor and discuss with you as things evolve.
Gary Swidler: Sure. Just to make sure that everybody understands, like you do, James, the way we implemented the U.S. price optimizations at Tinder in the U.S. was that not everybody saw the price changes immediately. It's only after you turn for a period of time as a subscriber, as a payer, that you see the higher prices. And so, the effect of that is sort of moving its way through the Tinder payer base on a gradual basis. I would tell you that by now, probably a majority, maybe 60% or so, of Tinder payers have seen the higher prices. So, there's still a tail of people who are going to see them over time. And so, there's still a modest sequential impact from all that in Q3. I expect there'll be a slightly more modest, I guess, impact on that in Q4. And that will continue and keep declining as an impact, but still be there as a lingering impact for the next few quarters. But it is fairly modest. Frankly, it's why you can't really see it on the chart that we have on page 13 of the shareholder letter. , it's such a small impact. And so, it's modest, but it's still there and will continue to be so for a bit longer now. And I would just say on the sequential impacts generally, you've got the impact from the U.S. price increase at Tinder, which is this modest impact that is continuing. And then, obviously, we've had the impact from the weekly subs. I think the impact from the weekly subs that we've introduced in 2023 will largely be neutralized by the end of this year. So, that's not an ongoing lingering effect into next year, as is the case with the U.S. price optimizations. Now, I do want to point out that we're going to continue to optimize prices, introduce weeklies in other markets. They're going to be smaller markets than the U.S. or some of these key international markets. But optimizations are something that Tinder is meant to be doing at all times. We didn't do it for a while in the U.S., and we played catch up this year. But in general, there's an always on kind of optimizations. There's opportunity to roll out weekly subs and price optimizations in other markets. And so, we'll do it. But because it's going to be in smaller markets, the effects of that will be much more modest over time. This year was the bigger shock to the system. And we're working our way through that, and we should be through that very soon. So, I think that should be encouraging for everybody.
Gary Swidler: I think we are at time. Hopefully that was helpful, Dan and for everyone else's questions, thank you for asking this morning. We appreciate everyone joining. And we look forward to talking to everyone again on our next earnings call for Q4 which will be at the end of January and early February. Thank you very much.
Bernard Kim: Thanks, Shweta, for that question. I can take that one. There's a lot going on with our Tinder team. And this is our daily grind, but we continue to evolve the product experience that resonates with our users. And we're continually listening to what Gen Z says and wants out of our product. And we have to, daily, continue to improve our experience and surprise and delight our daters. When it comes to payer penetration, in '23, we reset the RPP levels. So, we have to be continually mindful of new ways to drive monetization and payer penetration at the same time. And maybe I can give a couple of examples. I see two key areas of potential new revenue opportunities at Tinder. Today, our merchandizing is very Western-centric. We believe that there are real opportunities in international markets to tweak our monetization approach to drive more payer penetration by offers and servicing built specifically for those markets and cultures. Additionally, like I mentioned earlier, I believe à la carte is another area of focus for us. Our two primary ALC products were launched over seven years ago. So, I think now is the perfect time to revisit those and add to the portfolio of ALC products. We've also seen great success with weekly package [offerings] (ph) with our younger users. We believe this can actually -- these learnings can translate well into our ALC offerings, especially with our current economy. As I mentioned earlier, only 15% of our à la carte users are non-subscribers. So, I think there is actually a big opportunity for us to drive new payers into our paying ecosystem. Like Gary mentioned, we are in the middle of our 2024 planning, and we plan to share more, as we typically do, in early 2024. Thanks for the question.
Bernard Kim: I'd like to add a couple more points, and Gary, that was a great summary of where we are. I feel now that we're, like today, starting and going forward, I feel like we're in a good place with Google, and it really reduces the amount of distractions that we've had as a team, and we can really focus together on growth. I view this as a reset of our relationship, and it helps our partnership with Google on many fronts, from marketing, to surfacing on their store, to promotion of our brands, and then, being at the table to really collaborate around innovation, AI, cloud opportunities. I believe that this can significantly benefit our business, and we look forward to actually working much closer with Google on many of these different fronts. We're also very confident now with our relationship with Google that we'll help our brands continue to innovate, but also improve the ability to reach Android users worldwide. And we can focus day-in and day-out on how we can grow together and drive product innovation.
Bernard Kim: Thanks for the question, Benjamin. I can take this one. Hinge is a great product and has a super clear brand narrative that continues to resonate in English-speaking markets, along with the European markets that we've just expanded to. They've really done a great job of focusing on single high-intent daters and has tremendous momentum and fantastic word of mouth. The combination of natural and driven user growth alongside monetization initiatives is driving accelerating revenue growth. The team continues to build on this position of strength. To answer your question on weekly subs, the weekly subs at Hinge is actually similar to that at Tinder, but it's less apparent because of Hinge's continued top-of-funnel strength. Like Gary mentioned, we continue to believe that weekly subscription packages were the right decision for the company and are a strong driver of revenue growth, and it's what daters want. Now, to tackle your $1 billion question, we expect Hinge to generate $400 million in direct revenue this year, and we expect a 35-plus percent growth rate for next year. So, we're basically adding about $140 million-plus in revenue for next year. If we extrapolate that growth rate as well as the revenue that we're adding, we can get to about $1 billion in maybe 4 to 5 years. Thanks for the question.
Bernard Kim: Thanks for the question. When we originally launched, it starts with a Swipe campaign, we planned to have multiple phases throughout the year. So, seasonally with Tinder, end of July, going into August tends to be slower months for Tinder. So, we took the opportunity between these phases to refresh the content for the balance of the year. It's important to note that during this time period, we're still targeting young women, and we did not see the same pullback in new users with this demo. We expect to take an overall step back in new users and have some impact of payers in Q4, which we've already articulated. We have learned a lot from this. I'm pushing the team now to have a consistent, steady beat on marketing going forward, especially in our larger markets. In that time period, we're also able to reallocate some spend into our college outreach marketing and the launch of our Matchmaker feature. Both of these campaigns integrated well-known rappers and targeted our Gen Z demographics was closely knit in with product innovation at the same time. As you can all see, these campaigns have created a tremendous amount of buzz and excitement around the product and are a key part and ingredient to retelling the Tinder narrative. Thanks for the question.
Bernard Kim: I can take that one. I'm really proud of the product that the team has built and launched into the market. The amount of invites for Select that have gone out are still at a very low level. Tinder and the team have been working really hard to optimize the onboarding process and help users and Select members really understand the value proposition. So, we're continuing to iterate, learn from our users, and we'll continue to ramp up the number of invites. We do continue to feel optimistic about the financial potential of the product, and we believe that it will continue and we can generate tens of millions of dollars of revenue in the next year.
