Mandy Ginsberg: Okay, I'll take the first part, Kunal. So, in terms of competition, outside of the traditional matrimony players which exist in this region, we are definitely keeping our eye on some regional competitors that have gotten some traction, but the thing to know is that there are a number of Chinese players that are investing outside of China and spending significant marketing dollars in Asia as well. And then obviously Facebook is jumping in and recently announced that they are covering more markets in Asia region. We believe that based on the fact that we have got a really great head start with Tinder and Pairs in particular that we are going to be in a great position to compete in these markets. And we also know that this is a multi-use app category. Therefore, people who are dating are using multiple apps, and we think that with these competitors moving in there is maybe opportunity to even open up the category even more.
Mandy Ginsberg: Okay, I'll take the first part. As you know we have had a long history in pricing and price optimization across a lot of our businesses since we have been in this category for a long time. And for Tinder, we are pretty early in this journey. And when we first launched Gold, it was a bit of a broad instrument, which I have talked about in the past. We think there is still a lot of room to optimize price. We hadn't really up until the last few months starting sort of back in Q4 done a comprehensive evaluation of global pricing. And we are now just starting to test price elasticity looking at market by market. And we do think there is some opportunity. So there're definitely areas for us to price up, so higher per capita markets like Japan and the Nordics and the U.K. And then also we look at opportunities for us to price down in lower per capita market like Turkey and Brazil. And at the end of the day, as we sort of said again and again, we look at those -- there's obviously going to be tradeoffs between ARPU and conversion, but we look at how do we optimize revenue overall, especially even if we dropped price where its revenue accretive. Late last year, we hired a Head of Pricing at Tinder, which is great, putting more investment in that area. And like I said, we've got -- we're really kind of early innings and into the pricing journey, and we feel like we've got lots of opportunity ahead.
Mandy Ginsberg: And I'll just add one more thing. Not only is brand awareness really important in a lot of these initiatives with Tinder in Asia, but what we do look at sort of the impact of the ROI on marketing. So, for example, in Korea, where we do have a big sort of push on the TV side, not only do we look at which we did in Q4, we look at the number of new users who come in during that list, which we saw sort of a big increase of three times more users coming in, but then we also measure the baseline after that, did we see a lift, and we are actually seeing pretty significant lift in baseline, once we do sort of a big push. And what this is doing as we go kind of market-by-market is giving us playbooks and information about what is going to work in different types of markets, and we'll use that playbook in new markets as we evaluate opportunities.
Mandy Ginsberg: Okay. Hi, John, I'll take the first part of that. So, in terms of localizing Tinder, some product localization features we're already working on, so app performance is one that I talked a little bit about, Tinder Lite is coming soon, and which is really all about the speed and the experience, which we think can be really beneficial for people in international markets, where -- who are a little bit more remote. The other area that we've worked on over the past quarter, couple of quarters is the recommendation engine, and this based on geography and liquidity in some cities around the globe, it's really important to get matching right, even down to the neighborhood level. So that's something that we've been focused on just to make sure that the overall matching and the activity improvements happen across the globe. Then there are a couple of others that are a little bit more, less under-the-hood and a little more visible, which we're planning on making progress on in the feature. So if you think about on-boarding, when people join Tinder they fill out a profile information, and it's important that we capture things that are going to be relevant in that dating culture. And so, what you don't see on Tinder app today are things that are very much geared towards local dating culture. So I'll give you one example, in Japan, when people -- when it comes to dating, people share their blood type. It's almost like a horoscope. That certainly doesn't exist in a lot of other countries, but those are the kind of things that like as we understand regional nuances, specifics, we can really prioritize what actually matters when it comes to dating. And then a little less sexy, but well but important, when it comes to revenue and billing, payment does vary country-by-country, and things like carrier billing or payment providers are ways that -- there's a way that we can reduce friction to obviously impact adoption for our subscription products. And I think that overall, we've talked a lot about making investments of heads on the ground across Asia, and with that, I think that we're going to have much more insights and be able to prioritize the needs of these market, such on the localization front. I can talk a little bit about; I think your next question was how big is the opportunity in Japan, so for Japan, we've actually been operating in Japan for a long time, even prior to the acquisition of Pairs. And it's really been -- it's one of those markets where we have not seen a lot of growth or traction until really the last couple of years when things started to really take off, and I attribute to really just stigma starting to move pretty quickly in that market. And so, we think that there is definitely opportunity in that market. Tinder hasn't focused on Japan until recently. Yet we've had obviously meaningful user base there, and it's number four in revenue, but I think there's real upside. And as we looked at -- I told you we went through this exercise of really trying to understand and study price elasticity across the globe and what we found is that Tinder's price is meaningfully lower than any of the other local players. So there's still some opportunity for pricing upside there too. And like I said, what we've seen is that this is a market where there's real appetite for not just one brand, but for multiple brands. So we'll continue to evaluate those opportunities there.
Mandy Ginsberg: Okay, I will address those. So, the one thing, I'll say is, you know, even prior to the acquisition for Hinge, which we sort of watched for a while, we saw this incredible market fit, where you know, people just love the product, and they're really engaged in this product. And so, the word-of-mouth marketing was really one of the things that made this acquisition the most compelling. What we are seeing in London is some of the same. First of the all, we also had the CEO of Hinge with over in London recently, and promoting just through PR, but we're seeing real traction in the U.K. It also tends to be an early adopter market in London, and we are spending a little bit of marketing, but really not a whole lot. In terms of the Hinge metrics, we continually see really engagement metrics, and it's roughly comparable to what we see at Tinder, especially in the early days. And in terms of population, it is a different population that we're addressing. So, while Tinder is 18 to 25, a little bit younger, little bit more casual, little bit more sort of college-oriented, when you show up and you're 19-year-old you're not looking for something more serious, but when you get your first job in your 26 years old, and you're working in New York, then you're looking for something more serious. So, in some ways I think about it as these users are kind of, you know, they grew up with app when they're in college and rather looking for something serious and intent really matters, and that's why one of the big areas of focus for Hinge is leaning into the marketing around serious relationship intense [ph]. So we think that they're very complementary each other and serve a different demographic, and as we looked at Hinge, one of the other reasons that we liked Hinge is we had Match which skews a little bit older, more serious, we had Tinder which is really younger and a little less serious. And so, Hinge really sort of fit perfectly into that portfolio gaining traction with that. So that's 25 to 30-year-old is higher intense.
Gary Swidler: And Kunal, I think in terms of where we are in Asia right now, the way to think about it first of all is that there is two drivers. There's Tinder and then there is our Pairs business which is largely in Japan and a couple of other places in Asia. We are building OkCupid in India as well. And so, those businesses today are driving significant revenue for us probably around the order of $200 million or so last year. But our goal is to get the overall Asia revenue up to about 25% of the company's revenue over a five-year period. So a significant driver of growth for us over the next five years and that's why we are investing and reorganized in that market.
Gary Swidler: I think on the marketing spend in Asia, we do tailor it to some extent to the different countries, we've got people on the ground in each country whose job it is to evaluate what channels will yield us the best return, what makes the most sense in those markets, and really resonates with people in those markets. So, the strategy is tailored to the different markets, and I think we're getting sharper at doing that. So we did run some TV in India and Korea, in the first part of the year. If you look at TV, for example, in India, it's a lot cheaper and more efficient than it is in the U.S. overall, we're not doing that in the U.S., we found opportunity to do it in India, when you contrast that, let's say with the Japanese market, TV is not something that's available to us. And so, we're using a lot of other online channels as opposed to TV, but if TV were to open up in Japan, we think that would be a terrific channel for us as well. So, as these markets evolve, as we get better and better tailoring our marketing spend and targeting in those countries, we will continue to evolve our strategy. The only other thing I wanted to point out is we think about Asia and kind of tailoring our approach there, there's also some room to potentially tailor our approach on the revenue side, because the revenue models that we've used thus far, in particular at Tinder across the world, may not be perfectly tailored for some of these Asian markets. So, we may think of other sources of revenue in Asian markets. We may think of different pricing and different kind of packaging approaches in these markets. So, different things resonate in those markets. We will tailor our revenue models in those countries. So that's probably a little bit further down the line as we get a little bit smarter and sharper in these countries, but we do see opportunity to adjust a little bit on the revenue side, as well as on the marketing side as we expand our business into the Asian markets.
Gary Swidler: Yes, so like I said earlier, I think they largely fall into the two buckets. You've got incremental Tinder marketing spend in some of these Asian markets, in particular, we just expand the roster of markets that we're spending and trying to drive user growth in, and then potentially something around new brands or building some brands in Southeast Asian markets. It's a little bit early probably to quantify. If you look back, for example, what we said about Hinge, if you want to use a frame of reference, that was a brand that we were investing in, and we are trying to drive this year, and we said that would have a $25 million impact on EBITDA for the full-year, which was obviously a big number, given the traction at that brand. So I don't think we're talking about anything close to that order of magnitude. Plus, we're only talking about probably half of the year here, but that gives you a frame of reference. So, it's probably on the order of a 10-ish million dollars or something in that neighborhood, as we think about expanding the Tinder marketing spend, and the investment in the other markets, but we're going to want to maintain some flexibility, we come up with a great idea or have the chance to invest in a great brand, you know, whether it's something that we pick up from a founder or we build ourselves, we want to be able to spend that money. And again, we're going to do it in a way that maintains our margins and improves upon last year's margin. So, it's going to be spending the upside if you will.
Gary Swidler: Okay, sure. Yes, look, I think if you think about kind of the first quarter, and knowing that our guidance was around 300,000 or so subs at Tinder, and we ended up at 384. You know, we've got some upside from that clearly in Q1, and that did flow through. So, Tinder performed pretty much as we expected, but there was about $3 million or so of FX incremental to what we expected. If you remember, last time, we said we thought it'd be about $15 million and end up being about $18 million. And that's visible in the Tinder ARPU for the quarter, where I said that it was 2% on as-report basis, but up more, it's probably, mid-single digits on an FX neutral basis. So, really it is FX that has kind of eaten into the gains that were provided by the incremental Tinder substantial. It pretty much offsets. There's a little bit of a drop of ad revenue weakness probably, but when you take away the FX and the ad revenue weakness, that basically accounts for offsetting the upsize in the Tinder subs. That's really kind of what you saw in the quarter at a pretty high level, but I think that explains kind of why you didn't see it flow through. But that's really the only thing that kind of caught us a little bit off our expectations, but Tinder performed really well. Yes, the business performed well too, and we feel great about how Q1 came through.
Gary Swidler: Well, look, I think we've been pretty clear for a while now that the ad business for us is some incremental revenue, but it is a non-urging priority for us, it's not our primary focus. We're fortunate to have a really strong direct from the consumer business, that's where we generate the vast bulk of our revenue. Ads are a few percentage points of the overall company's revenue. And so, we're not surrendering it, but it doesn't get the priority on the product roadmap that new features get, particularly at Tinder. And I think that that is a logical business decision. We're dealing with prioritization. We're dealing with scarce resources, and we tend to prioritize our bread and butter, which is the consumer-generated revenue as opposed to the ad revenue. So that's how we're thinking about it. Obviously, we'd like to do better than the declines we're seeing. Some of that is driven by the changes in the economic with fan, which is just like we're going to have to deal with for another couple of quarters until that kind of goes away. Some of it is the fact that impressions are fewer on mobile than they were on desktop. So, that's hitting some of the other brands. So, we're going to deal with those trends. We've been dealing with them for a while. Probably will be kind of the similar next quarter as they are right now. And then, we'll take a look at this. I don't know if this will be the long-term trend. Well, we're not emphasizing building out ad revenue right now, as I said, as we think about Asia, we think about how that market monetizes, it monetizes a little bit differently, and I could see us trying to generate more indirect revenue from that market over time. But we'll have to see, I think that's further down the road. So the short answer is we're not prioritizing ads, we're kind of going to be status quo for a little while. Not a big piece of what we do, but over time that strategy could evolve, and we'll see where it takes us, but it's really not a main focus for us as we think about prioritizing things within the product.
Gary Swidler: And John, I think on your question around Tinder Subs in the back-half of the year, I think there's a couple of things going on in the way we're thinking about the year, the first is -- in the first half of the year we've been focused more on conversion. We'd like to see what we can do on the ala carte side in the back half of the year. So we're evaluating some things on that front as well that could affect the sub trends. The second thing is we've rolled out some optimization have been successful I mentioned the one on IoS and we plan to roll that out on Android probably in Q3. So as you know, whenever we roll out something new that has real impact you tend to see what we'd call the stock effect a little bump that happens when we first roll out a feature that drives conversion up in a bit of a step function. So we're going to see that in Q2 with the change we've made on IoS. We'll probably see that in Q3 with the roll out of that on Android. So, you're going to see those two little bumps, I don't know yet kind of what Q4 holds in particular. So between those two things, a focus that's going to be different in the back half of the year potentially than it is in the first half of the year conversion in the front half, ALC in the back half. And also these little stock effects, these little bumps from rolling things out on IoS first and in Android, those are some of the things that account for the changes in Subs that you see kind of quarter-to-quarter.
Gary Swidler: Okay, let me take a shot at it, but I think international growth, it is right now being driven by Tinder and by Pairs with a little bit of contribution from some of our other brands as well. But we've said we see big opportunity because we are under-penetrated particularly in these Asian markets, and our plan is to drive a lot of the growth for the company over the next few years from that market. And it's going to be through a combination of things. Obviously, we're going to keep driving the stuff, we've got Tinder and Pairs, that's critical. We've brought OkCupid into India. We think we can drive growth from that. We're going to look to release either existing brands that we have, we're building new brand, and that's why I've talked a little bit about some of the investment we make -- we may make. We also may buy some things in the Asian market and then invest in marketing like we did at Hinge, and try to drive that. So we think it's going to be a multi-faceted approach to that market, and overall to hit the goal that we've set to drive a quarter of the company's revenue over five years from that market. So we're moving all the assets into place, and we have a pretty clear strategy to do it, and now it's about executing on that strategy. I think on the pricing question, particularly in India, I think you asked, right now -- and this is true for a lot of these Asian markets, where we're attracting kind of people in the urban markets, densely populated cities tend to be higher income, better-educated. That's kind of the early adopters of Tinder. And that's the case right now. And it's one of the reasons quite frankly that people may be don't see as much degradation ARPU as they might be expecting as we expand these international markets, because we're able to hold price pretty well as we expand in these international markets. You don't see probably as big a drop-off for Tinder in these international markets on the ARPU side as you might expect because we are targeting some of these royalty [ph] and the pricing we're able to achieve is not that different, not that much lower than we're able to achieve in the Western markets. That will change potentially over time as we go broader into these markets, go deeper into these markets from a customer standpoint, but given the size of these markets, a number of subscribers we can pick up, if we do that, we'll be more -- the number of subscribers more than offset any degradation of ARPU, and it will be revenue enhancing for us. So that's our strategy, but I think that's going to take a long time to play out, so that any pressure on ARPU probably won't be that visible as we expand internationally for a while. Plus if you look at the international markets more broadly, it's a mixed story. So what you do have in India, which is a market that does price a little bit lower, you also have markets like Japan, markets like Korea, that tend to price pretty well in line with some of the Western European and North American markets. So, we're able to manage that mix and obviously we're fully in control of pricing. We're able to manage that mix so that you're not seeing a drop-off in ARPU, and that's why we have confidence that for the rest of this year we're going to continue to see kind of single-digit increases in ARPU at Tinder overall, even as we drive more subs from international markets.
Gary Swidler: Okay. We're going to wrap it up, because we're already passed time, but thank you everyone for joining our call, and we look forward to talking you again next quarter.
