Greg Blatt: Thanks, Brandon. I think the first, I guess, the answer is, we were not one of the variables in the business. We said all along is that, as we put in place the technology to be able to sort of start running real advertising volume. So the first thing we’re going to do is test it and we’re going to test it for consumer impact. So I think, the basic premise of your question is absolutely right. We will not run advertising in a manner or at a frequency that is likely to – not is likely to, that will demonstrate itself to be adverse to the consumer experience at all. We have confidence that we can do that in a way it will not have that impact. But as I said, we sort of tamped down the numbers a little bit as we’ve looked ahead in part to be conservative to account for that in part because of the timing of getting it all going all, which is related to, as you say, the success we’re having on alternative sources of revenue. So I don’t think it needs to be either or I think there is a level of advertising at Tinder that will not adversely affect the experience. I think what I’d say is that success we’ve had in the other categories has made it less imperative to nail that precise level of advertising down as earlier as we might otherwise have gotten. And it’s one of the reasons why I should go through that exercise, keep getting pushed back a little bit.
Greg Blatt: I would call that a gem of an upside. I think it really depends on what kind of conversion we end up getting on the mobile web. In our other businesses, we’ve talked about mobile web tends to convert not as well as the native approximately. And as we said, in certain of our business, as we’ve improved the mobile web, we have gotten to the point, where it is economically better to sort of keep people on mobile web as opposed to the app. And I don’t know where it can end up at Tinder. We’re certainly not factoring that into our sort of thinking. But lots of things are happening with the mobile web, mobile browsers getting much better, I think the experience is getting richer. Frankly, I think to some extent, I think the mobile web is becoming more competitive over time with the native applications. And as that happens, that should be a natural sort of margin enhancer. But we’re certainly not building like that into our near-term numbers.
Greg Blatt: Okay. In terms of the LTV, LTVs have been going up across our businesses. And including at our time, I think, what really happened is that, we over-calculated an increase in LTV and market is against it. Meaning, we’ve made some product changes. They increased LTV, but there were some downstream. There was some pull forward involved and our just – our general formulas didn’t sort of pick it up as well as it should have, which is a mistake again, we’d rarely make. And we pride ourselves on measurement in these areas and spent hundreds of million dollars a year and over the years to track it very well, which is frankly why it was frustrating even with just several million dollars to see that we’re sort of doing it wrong. So I think that the LTV trend overall is up. It’s driven by a combination of pricing and there’s really been very little change in duration. I think again, we’ve got the LTV as a subscriber as conversion has come down over the last year, the value of the registration by definition has come down a little bit. And so you sort of measure LTV, both on the registration side and on the subscriber side. On the subscriber side, it’s continue to go up. On the registration side, it’s gone down, which has been an increase in LTV partially offset by decline in conversion, and as we showed you in that chart that’s reversing itself and sort of shifting forward. So the biggest macro trend that we’ve had has been on the conversion side, driven by the mobile shift, and again, we’re sort of putting that mostly behind us. On the advertising demand side, I think, you’re certainly right. I mean, it sort of just everyone knows that in this sort of mobile world, there has been a few large sort of advertising players who demand most of the attention. And I think that’s certainly a hindrance to Tinder, if it were sort of an advertising-only business that was entirely predicated on building all its revenue that way. I think starting from the base that we are, I think, we see plenty of demand to grow our ad revenue meaningfully in a way that it doesn’t to the earlier question – from Brandon doesn’t sort of undermine the user experience. But we’re going to figure that out over the next year, as we begin to sort of test higher volume of advertising. But we think we’re ways off from that sort of macro demand concentration sort of being a real impediment to – are being able to meaningfully grow that business.
Greg Blatt: All right. Thank you. On the PMC trends, I think, it’s been strength across the board, both – I think, it’s been sort of uniform outperformance in terms of both geography and age demo against our initial expectations. I think part of that is, we haven’t really screw anything up, meaning most of the things we’ve gotten have worked and they’ve worked really well. And you always build in some level of, well, this won’t hit, or this won’t whatever. And I think we just – we’ve executed really well. I think that the product – the product has continued to keep pace with the users demands. It is proven to be a very, very well monetizing, well renewing, well retaining sort of product. I mean, I think some of that stuff you just don’t know until you have some time behind you. So I think that’s gone really well. On the advertising side, we did, I think I told – I said last quarter, we sort of built up our human infrastructure maybe a quarter or two in advance of what we needed to just because we – the technology side wasn’t keeping pace. So certainly don’t need to build up a sales force any meaningful way at this point. I think it’s about testing ad units frequency, getting the right supply in the door, both direct and some level of third-party and having the volume sort of test the frequencies, the cohorts, et cetera. And as we said now to a number of questions, we’re not going to rush it. We’re going to make sure it doesn’t hurt customer experience. We’re confident that we can do it in a way that won’t. Again, I think it’s great sort of engaging, but not interrupting advertising. But we’ve got to nail down viewability and the right sort of roll video and all these things. So we’re going to do this in a way precisely, because we’ve got such great revenue traction everywhere else, where we’re not going to trip on ourselves in terms of the user experience.
Greg Blatt: Thank you, Doug. On TPR, I think, Gary talked about the performance, obviously, there on a strategic basis, there are a bunch of things that are happening there that we’re really excited about. I think the deterioration in the legacy business is forcing the mobile transition faster, I think, than we had expected, and there’s always some friction there. I think in terms of whether it’s strategic, you can get tied up in those words. I think, obviously, it’s not the dating business. The dating business is our main focus. I think that – and so therefore, by definition, it’s strategic. As to whether we consider anything, I think, the best way I say it is, I think it will be less surprising for something to happen there than in any of our other businesses, but I’m not going to predict any transaction happening, that’s not sort of the way we do things. I think we continue to believe in that business. We think it has a lot of upside. We don’t think it’s a meaningful distraction. At the same time, it is definitely not central to what we spend most of our time focusing on.
Greg Blatt: Oh, sorry. Again, we don’t go business by business. I think that, as I said before, I think that we expect our non-Tinder businesses to be able to grow in the mid to high single digits PMC. Long-term, we think it will be somewhat less than that next year. And PlentyOfFish is probably the fastest growing of those businesses next year. So you can triangulate from those things I’ve already said to the best of your ability. But we really don’t want to – the portfolio makes it very hard to sort of give our growth rates kind of business by business basis.
Gary Swidler: I think, Eric, your second question was about the balance sheet. And we don’t have really any changes to our strategy around, I think, we’ve been pretty clear that we don’t want to stockpile cash. We carry a reasonable amount of debt. We’re very comfortable with the amount of debt that we carry. But we’re going to use our cash to chip away at it. We haven’t quite pay down debt yet, but we’ve been building up the cash. But we’re in a position to do that, if we want to. And we will chip away at it over the course of next little while, where we targeted gross leverage under three times. We’re going to be there pretty shortly. Obviously, we don’t think this is the right time to do buybacks, given our low flow. Dividends probably short-term don’t make sense for us either. We could be opportunistic on M&A, but we’re not particularly focused on that, given all the opportunity we have internally. At some point, we’ll find something interesting to buy. But for the foreseeable future, we’ll gradually chip away and continue to bring our leverage levels down that’s really what we’re going to with the balance sheet and that’s been very consistent.
Gary Swidler: Right. Okay, I think look, we – our North America PMC, Q3 was always going to be sort of the trough in our short turnaround than we think on an average a year-over-year sort of basis. And we think again, in terms of year-over-year PMC comparison and we think that’s the case. We do think our turnaround that we’ve talked about is, as you can see from the conversion chart and the fact that we’re going to ramping up spend is still very much directionally on track. I think obviously, the softness we had in OkCupid and in our time this year and are sort of pullback on marketing spend there, I think sort of potentially delays that sort of crossover point. At the same time, we’re ambitious that we can reallocate a bunch of that spend to Match into other places profitably. So I think that’s something we’re going to figure out over the next two or three quarters. But certainly the overall directional trend is right and we do expect it to cross over next year and return to growth. I think do we return to mid to high single-digit growth next year? No. I think we’ve always said that sort of 2016 was a trough, 2017 is when we start getting it going again. I do absolutely believe that the non-Tinder businesses should be able to grow mid to high single-digit PMC on a longer-term basis. We see it happening at Meetic, again, Meetic is doing great. Meetic is having that kind of sub growth and Tinder is growing robustly in Europe. I mean it’s not terribly different than what we have here. So and you’ve got to do and we’ll move ahead, I mean, it’s a very competitive environment. So we do think that each of these businesses are sort of transitioning through this conversion trough at different paces for different reasons. But long-term we’re – we continue to have the exact same outlook that we’ve had on the growth potential of those businesses. I don’t think we disclosed the relative contributions of a la carte and subscriber revenue. Obviously, to-date until very recently, we’ve only had one a la carte feature, which is Super Likes and that’s only been available to subscribers. Boost is our first sort of foray into a la carte transactions for subscribers and non-subscribers alike. So far so good, but too early to sort of plot out a long-term revenue mix between the two. As I said in the past, sort of the decision to make something a, a la carte feature, or a subscription feature is really tactical. I mean right now, for instance, with both Super Like and Boost, you get a certain amount of them as part of your subscription and then you pay for more of it, and you could reconfigure those 10 different ways to shift revenue from subscription to a la carte. So I think of that has been pure pricing optimization and that will occur and sort of go up and down over time.
Gary Swidler: On the DAU/MAU question, again, we don’t disclose it. I can tell you continues to grow- both DAU and MAU continue to grow nicely. I think in terms of retention, unlike – unfortunately, when you roll out revenue features, you can see impact vary sort of instantaneously on the ecosystem. I think with some of these other pictures it’s less clear. I think certainly overall, retention and reactivation is sort of – reactivations continue to increase. Retention is generally been stable over the last few months and sort of up and down, we’ve had some bugs that have brought it down and then some lifts that have gone up. So it’s sort of been a little all over the place. But in general, MAU and DAU continues to increase. DAU to MAU continues to stay generally stable. And I don’t have – I’m not aware and don’t have in front of me any meaningful difference between, in general, the U.S. and Europe tends to act relatively consistently on those metrics with the rest of world being a little bit more all over the place. But in general, I would say that, those metrics have been stable. Growth has been good and those metrics have been stable.
Gary Swidler: EBITDA growth in those businesses will be less than revenue growth, because we are increasing the marketing spend meaningfully, but we still expect to have EBITDA growth in those businesses next year.
