Greg Blatt: Okay. On affinity the notion of whether something strategic or not is a conversation that we’ve turned ourselves upside now down on many times. I think it’s strategic if it makes us money long term. If it doesn't make us money long term, it’s not strategic. I think that we have a host of brands in affinity, it doesn't cost us really an extra nickel to keep any of them incremental on. So, we spend marketing against each of them, especially on the long tail of them depending on pretty strict ROI look. So, I don't think about it that way.  I think when you step back and you think about the affinity situation right now and its impact on PMC, I thought it might make sense to sort of go a little bit deeper on this. You know, all PMC are not created equal. For a given business there are some PMC that walks in the door very cheap, there is some PMC you have to spend money against at a good margin and then you sort of theoretically at least spend right up till up until marginal breakeven on a lifetime value basis.  So, we saw it happening at the affinity. Affinity of our hard paywall brands has always been the lowest margin on our unit basis. And we had a pretty large number of subs that we were requiring what I would call close to breakeven marginal lifetime economics. So, assuming a world where we spent a dollar to obtain a sub and we thought that over the life time that we would make a $1.10 off of that sub, right. So, call that a 10% ROI. As we dug deeper and deeper, our math shifted and we thought instead of getting $1.10 for that dollar we were spending, we're probably getting closer to $0.95, which means rather than making $0.10 we are losing $0.05. And as we dug deep that was actually up pretty big trough.  So, in the grand scheme of our profitability, cutting out that number didn't really make much of a difference, in fact in the near term it’s helpful, but it’s a big hit to PMC. So, to give some quantification, as we look ahead of our plan, the difference between where we were at the high point in 2016 and where we think we will be in 2017, you're talking about a run off of almost 100,000 PMC.  Now in terms of profitability, it really doesn't mean much to us going forward instead of making that - instead of, thinking we're making $0.10 or in fact losing $0.05 we're just doing it as a wash. But in terms of aggregate PMC numbers that puts pressure on this number. And that’s what I talked about last quarter when I said that this sort of controlled run-off of affinity PMC is going to delay our return to year-over-year growth in North American PMC.  It doesn't have much economic consequence, but when you look at that number that’s going to have a drag over both in Q4 and going forward. Just as a point of quantification, I think Q1 affinity marketing spend is down more than 30% over Q1 last year. So, we took that number down, that wasn't our original plan, it doesn't have that much economic consequence. This is what I would call the margin and spend on a profitability basis, but it does affect this particular metric.
Greg Blatt: Yes, a little more color there, which is on, obviously we talked about affinity, talked about Tinder and POF, on Match and OkCupid they are sort of on the course they’ve been on, meaning we talked about Match, OkCupid, affinity together returning to year over-year PMC growth by the end of the first half of 2017. Affinity puts a cloud on that, but Match and OkCupid are still on their track.  We expect them to return collectively to year-over-year PMC growth in Q3. And that’s sort of always been the case, I think you look at Match alone, I mean in the second half of 2016 first-time subs, which is the leading indicator was flat year-over-year for the first time and God knows how many quarters, I mean it has been a steady decline for a long time. Second half of 2016 flat over second half of 2015, we expect improvements in net ads every quarter in Match PMC throughout 2017. Same with OkCupid.  OkCupid hit our low point year-over-year FTS in Q3, improved in Q4, we expect improvements in net ads and OkCupid every quarter in 2017, so while Gary is right that in the first of the year, OkCupid and Match have growth themselves. They do contribute to the overall growth number by having less of a drag on the number in 2017 than it did on 2016, meaning the extent to which it’s down year-over-year will be less in the first part of 2017 than it was in the first part of 2016, which also helps contribute, again turning positive in the second half of 2017.  So, again I think if you go back I notice this has been a hot topic, if you go back all the way to the IPO you just look at North America PMC, I would say Tinder has done better than we expected, affinity we obviously have an issue that really isn’t that much of an economic issue, but certainly was on a PMC than we expected. And match and OkCupid are pretty much right on target. OkCupid experienced a little more weakness last year than we thought, but it’s also rebounding, I think pretty nicely as we roll out this new products basically. And so it’s all in, it’s sort of where we thought it would be, with just a couple of little toggles up and down.
Greg Blatt: You started to say translate the conversation, I thought you are going to say into English and I was concerned.
Greg Blatt: I actually don't even have the number in front of me. I think if you ex out Tinder, I think as we said before last year was a, not so much a big top of the funnel growth year. So, I think that excluding Tinder and their use are probably flattish to up a little bit overall. I think the revenue growth continues to be solid. It is obviously growing less than revenue and less than PMC as you would expect, but it’s growing well again. Nice strong double-digit growth, stronger in rest of world than in Europe in the U.S. but continuing to grow in all three sort of sectors.  I think the one piece of color I just want to lay and not because it really implicates our results as much it’s interesting, Q4 and even in the beginning of Q1 have been a little weird. The election actually had a pretty profound impact on, I think viewing habits, we saw 20% decline in registrations. When the election hit and if you actually look at the map, we've actually seen increases in registrations and activity in states where Trump won and decreases in registrations and activity in states where Trump didn't win, and that’s obviously been eradicating, but it has definitely caused a little bit of a funk in terms of, in a way you would have never seen before. I mean, and again that’s dissipating, but it is just really interesting to watch, does it really have any real implications for our business in any long-term sense, but it was a weirdness that we’ve never seen before.
Greg Blatt: I think we had always said, a way to think about it is, we haven’t, I mean Gary talked about how too much can move your 2017 plan, never mind 12 months can change our 2018 outlook. So take this with a great result, but the plan was always, the outlook was always that by second half of 2017 we would start to see North American sub growth again, as you got into 2018 we would start to approach that mid-single digit growth rate and that beyond we thought we could be at that mid-to high single digit growth rate. I think it’s fair to think about all that is sort of slipping six months, so we are now going to hit that growth in 2017 in the back half instead of the front half, maybe that means we get to 3% PMC growth in 2018 instead of 5%. I don't really know. I think that it’s going to increase meaningfully and I don't think it changes any of the outlook that we've had. POF International again continues to be ahead of that. So if you ex out Tinder I think that mid-single digit PMC growth rate is probably right. You’re probably still going to be a little positive or little bit less in North America, at least in the three brands we talked about, OkCupid, Match and Affinity, but overall when you take all the non-Tinder brands, I think that’s probably right and I think it’s the North American coming to a line item that we could start to push you up into that higher single digit range.
Greg Blatt: So, I think look it’s tripling in Q1, but it’s still up relatively small number, I think what we said last quarter, I think it’s so generally true is we expect indirect revenue percentage of revenue to be somewhat consistent. Maybe we could do better, I don't know, but I’m not sure what is in the plan.  I think in our current state of the direct sales business, the app load and frequency is not an issue, we haven't focused on it at all. I think one of the first think we're going to do when we plug in Facebook is start to test frequency because then suddenly we can turn on as much volume as we want and I think that by the end of Q2, I’m going to be able to answer that question with some precision.  Right now it’s literally all guesswork. I mean it’s not a relevant number right now. The inventory level is so small, but Facebook gives us the ability to hit any ad load we want and I think Q2 we are going to spend a fair amount of time testing that to try and find what our optimal level is.
Greg Blatt: Sure. On the Facebook question, the Facebook is an in app advertisement product. Outside of Tinder our app businesses, again mobile web tends to be a lot bigger, which again is one of the reasons we are excited about adding mobile web to our Tinder product in Q2, but I think that right now our app products don't have a lot of advertising in it. They also don't have a ton of volume. I think it is absolutely possible that Facebook could become a solution for that, but I don't think of that as a real big certainly 2017 mover, but the ad business overall is, we are building it again, I said it in a non-urgent way. I think, we just spent in the non-Tinder business a year optimizing our products, our mobile products for our direct business.  Now we have to start working in the advertising piece too again as a second priority. So, I think that sort of an 2018, 2019 type issue. In terms of the impact of a la carte on subscription, I just go back to what Gary said, which is we're going to optimize for revenue, it is absolutely right that if you go heavier on a al carte there will likely be some cost paid on the PMC side, whether that comes in churn or that comes in conversion, when it comes, whenever it will come you do it, if it was a net positive and if the net positive was such that it really drove materiality in some numbers that we don't currently disclose we'd absolutely think about making some additional disclosure. Right now, I don't think it’s really necessary.
Greg Blatt: Sure I think, I guess in markets like let's take India, there is some competition, but it’s effectively an un-penetrated market and there you are fighting not so much competition, but culture, right. So what stands between Tinder and sort of great India penetration isn’t three competitors, it is getting the Indian culture comfortable with a dating app, and how it works, and everything else. And Turkey is similar to that. Brazil is a country with a bigger history of those, but nothing dominates the way that Tinder does. I would say that we’ve had a hard paywall business in Brazil for a long time. Tinder sort of cut through that, it appeals to different group. I think as regards to the classic Tinder demo, I don't think competition is really the issue in these places. It’s more just cultural advancement.  We haven't tested yet. We obviously, by analogy we made some assumptions about the kind of impact these products could have as we set out to build them. They are pretty intensive projects, I mean they are, most things we do at Tinder aren't multi-month large team projects these are because they are so fundamental. I think when they are ready we will launch them in certain markets in test, not so much to see their impact because at that point we're fully baked, but to make sure they work and to fine tune and all that sort of thing. So, I think that’s all going to start happening in Q2. We expect both to start testing and to roll-out completely these products within the span of Q2.
Greg Blatt: Sure. On the engagement - there are a number of ways to look at your question, Tinder plus users, the subscribers tend to be the most engaged customers obviously, so they are on the product the longest et cetera. That's good for the product. Some of the features actually enable greater engagement than the non-Tinder plot has. On an aggregate basis DAU/MAU has been pretty constant for years. I think probably from the first six or nine months on there was a decline meaning that early group was incredibly engaged, but for the last two and a 2.5, 3 years DAU/MAU has been generally pretty consistent. Certainly within geographies it’s been very consistent. In terms of the affinity, Gary if you understood exactly, I’d answer, why don't you…
Greg Blatt: And so it also takes down the PMC number, right. But we are hopeful that we can reallocate some of that spend in a positive way over the course of the year. So in this business, I know it’s been frustrating, but a lot moves throughout the year, you are making marketing, you don't set our marketing plan on day one and then execute it, you are buying literally every day, you are buying TV every week, you are buying Facebook and mobile platform every week, we set a range, we're pretty confident we will end up in that range, within that range the composition will change 15 times and we will update you every quarter, but that is our current sort of outlook on it as we build it for the year.
Greg Blatt: On the rest of world marketing stuff, I think we’re not trying to buy a registrations or users, we are trying to sort of move the baseline, right. We’re trying to create viral coefficients that, you always have a baseline and you have sort of the direct impact of marketing, we're trying to move the base baseline, which is then when you start marketing, you’ve actually moved the entire sort of, you’ve widened the top of the funnel permanently. It takes a little while to evaluate whether or not you have successfully done that are not, but it doesn't really impact monetization.  I mean clearly to the extent you create a more dynamic community, and over time you have a better user experience, which should lead more people to monetize, but right now we’re very focused on simply expanding that top of the funnel on a baseline basis. I think, ROW is obviously not monolithic, so India, Brazil, Turkey they are all different. I think it’s safe to say that ROW monetizes meaningfully lower than Europe, and the United States.  Same time it’s also on a user basis a huge portion of our business and in aggregate revenue, the aggregate revenue from that piece is not at all insignificant. It’s less than half, but it’s more than 20%. It’s a meaningful number, and hopefully growing. So we're going to be patient on this, we want to see that rise in the top of the funnel, we're not really looking at the monetization piece as a measure of whether or not this market marketing is successful at this point in time.
Greg Blatt: It is a great question on the older cohort conversion, as you heard me answer earlier, you can get really deep on this stuff. I talked about FTS or first time subs, really turning in Match and OkCupid and that’s the leading indicator. That is driven by a, the number of rigs coming in, and you're early conversion, which is a metric that we’ve been focused on. I think we are starting to see improvements, certainly in resub, we are starting to see some leveling off in the older cohort, so all that is turning positively, and we expect that to contribute to this growth or this return to growth over the course of 2017.  So yes it is significant, a significant impact and we're seeing improvements there. In terms of the M&A, look I think there is always geography, right. There are a geographies where there are interesting things that we could buy. There are always new products, I mean something becomes strategic by virtue of being a good product that has an interesting twist that appeals to people. And we see something we say, we could take this and we could do more with it than they can. So that’s the kind of thing that pops up.  You talked about going outside of dating, I think it’s possible to go outside of dating. I think it will be much closer to dating, whatever we would do then Princeton Review was, you would have to really leverage either be a matching app or a people discovery app may be for something other than dating, some sort of social engagement, it will be pretty close to what we are doing. I think at least in the near term and obviously if something like that happens we will tell you all about it, but right now as always we are opportunistic in M&A, we don’t really forecast what we will do, but it’s been, it has probably been our longest scratch without an acquisition in seven years.  Obviously, we're pretty focused on being a newly public company and making sure that we hit our agenda, I think looking back Gary and I were talking about the road show 13, 14 months ago. And overall I think we pretty much did what we said we were going to do. Again there were a couple of things that were a little better, couple of things that were a little worse, but overall I think we are pretty much on track, we feel good about that. Now we're pretty much focused on the New England Patriots revenge tour, we're off to Houston. Tom Brady getting number five, go Patriots and we will see you guys and talk to you guys next quarter. Thank you.
Gary Swidler: On the PMC number, so we are seeing 15% plus for the year and what we have is a lot of confidence that we will be able to move PMC up at least 15%, but hard to say exactly how it is going to turn out for a variety of reasons. Tinder clearly has the possibility to achieve that on its own, but as I said in my remarks we’re toggling between a la carte revenue and sub growth for Tinder and we don't know yet how that’s all going to play out.  So, I wouldn't read too much into it on the Tinder side, other than we got to figure out exactly how we want to monetize Tinder in 2017 with a few more variables than we had in 2016, but we expect Tinder to contribute strongly to the PMC growth. We expect POF to continue to contribute strongly to PMC growth international, especially Meetic and our Japanese business. So, the same business that have been contributing in 2016 we think will contribute. What’s going to happen as Greg just spoke about is, we won’t really see PMC growth from OkCupid from Match North America until very late in the year.  So they won't contribute are a lot of PMC in 2017 to the PMC growth number and then you got this deduction, essentially from affinity as we reduce our spend on that business and bring it down. And so when you aggregate that altogether that’s how we get to the 15% plus and we will obviously update you as the year goes on and how that is …
Gary Swidler: So, as I said there is not really, it’s not right to look at the change from the 15% to 20% to where we are now and think that’s really North America weakness, particularly shining through. I think that as we firmed everything up, I think we’ve kind of refined our guidance a little bit may be there is a little bit of conservatism in it, but we don't see trends that have really changed our overall view on guidance. So, we attributed the best bulk of what’s changed the FX, not anything fundamental in the business and certainly not anything in the North American performance in particular.
Gary Swidler: We try to lay out the maximum amount of spend at Tinder on the marketing and so that’s how we get to the flat EBITDA margin. But obviously if we don't see it being effective or we can't spend all that effectively we will pull that back and it will change the margin characteristics for the year, but I think the flat margin and corporate pretty heavy load of spend on the Tinder marketing. So, I think we have confidence that’s sort of the max that we would spend on there.
Gary Swidler: Yes, it was a relatively small number in this quarter since we just rolled it out, but obviously we will look at it going forward and see if it makes sense, we will consider disclosing it.
Gary Swidler: I think on affinity, we're talking about reducing marketing spend in every dollars into the double-digit, north of $10 million. And so that’s real bottom line impact to us.
Gary Swidler: On the CapEx question Dan, we had outsized CapEx in 2016 as Tinder expanded its office facilities pretty significantly, we did a headquarters move of our Dallas office and then we also had a big expense moving a data centre from Virginia to Texas, which was a one-time event. So, it was inflated in 2016, I think you should look at 2017 and what we're forecasting for 2017 is more appropriate on a run rate basis.
