Shar Dubey: Good morning, Corey. Yes, about the Delta and case surges, so one of the things to note is more than case surges itself, we're actually watching mobility trends and restrictions more closely because they seem to have a larger effect. As vaccination rates gain steam first in the U.S. and then in Europe, we saw mobility increase and it reflected in our business trends in Q2. In a few – in actually a several markets in Asia even today, including Japan, which is our second largest revenue market, there are different degrees of lockdowns and restrictions in place. And that certainly impacts mobility and our metrics. With respect to what's going on in the U.S. with the Delta surges in recent weeks. So far, they don't appear to have any impact on mobility and they may not unless real restrictions are put in place. And generally we don't see mask mandates as causing mobility restrictions, mostly partial and full lockdown seem to. So for instance, in UK where the Delta surged and it has already peaked and it's on its way down because restrictions were easing during this period, mobility kept increasing and we didn't really see much impact to our metrics here. So that's kind of how we think about what's going on in the market today.
Shar Dubey: I can take that. Thanks, Jason. So we're definitely not looking at advertising as an incremental revenue source. But we do see a la carte is becoming an increasing area of focus in addition to subscriptions. And with regards to virtual currency, it is something we're testing in a couple of small markets and we test it, we started testing it in a couple of small markets in Q2. It is currently very limited in a feature set that it covers. We are encouraged by what we've seen so far and we'll be expanding to additional markets and more feature coverage over the next few quarters. More broadly though, the Tinder experience, as I said, is evolving to include these new multi-dimensional surface areas in the app where people have new ways to discover and connect and share interests and form communities. And if you think about most of the ALC features today, things like Boost and Super Like for instance, they are designed to allow users to stand out in a one-to-one experience. And we think there are some real interesting revenue opportunities to help people stand out in these many to many experiences on the app that we're building.
Shar Dubey: Sure. Thanks Dan, I can take this. So generally, as we've said Hyperconnect has a number of technology assets we’re already planning to deploy on our platforms, video, audio, some AI tools for moderation, et cetera. But within Hyperconnect, HyperX is a technology incubation lab. And some of the tech assets they developed are deployed on Azar and Hakuna. And they also incubate new apps. In fact, Hakuna was a HyperX incubation. I am actually, really, excited about some of the technology elements they've been working on, AR features, self-expression tools, conversational AI, and a number of what we would consider a metaverse elements, which have the element to transform the online meeting and getting to know each other process. And so, the technology areas of innovation at HyperX is actually very incremental and additive to Match Group. And we do believe it will have a significant impact, both as on their apps as standalone business, but also as a technology enabler for our other platforms and businesses.
Shar Dubey: Sure. Thanks Justin. I can take this. So, with these established brands, there are a few different stories here. Keep in mind the established brands used to be desktop first brands and they have all reimagined the product as mobile first experiences. And some of them like Match and Meetic, for instance, have shifted their business model from the hard paywall to more premium experiences, which has meaningfully increased engagement and conversion. And apps like POF have added new experiences like POF Live, which has created a new revenue stream. OkCupid continues to expand to new international markets. And generally, they've also sharpened their marketing to become more resonant and relevant to their core audience. So now as they continue to execute, they should be able to expand the category and their core user base and deliver modest growth we think.
Shar Dubey: Yes, I can take that. So right now, Hinge is only available in a few English-speaking markets. So much of 2021 revenue growth has largely been a combination of user growth, concentrated in medium and large cities in these markets, as well as the really good work the team has done on developing monetization and revenue features. So, there's still plenty of room for both user and monetization growth in these limited English-speaking markets that currently are in. Our plan is in 2022 to translate and localize the app and start the journey of expansion into international markets. So, longer term, it's a combination of further expansion in existing markets, increasing footprint in international markets and continued education on monetization features that will drive strong growth in the coming years. And we're very excited for what is still to come at Hinge. It is a uniquely, differentiated product that resonates to its audience that is a little serious intent and outcome driven. This is why their tagline designed to be deleted, resonates with this audience set. We have found very little evidence on cannibalization Tinder is still the number one dating app for anybody starting out dating particularly among the young. But Hinge is a great alternative app and a second app for people who are looking for a more serious, intent dating. And so, we do think there is a real play for both Tinder and Tinder in our portfolio.
Shar Dubey: Sorry. Thank you. That was our last question. We thank you again for joining the call. Have a great month.
Gary Swidler: And then Corey, as far as our outlook for Tinder revenue in the back half of the year, our outlook sitting here today is for just north of 20% top-line growth for Tinder in the second half of 2021, which is meaningfully higher than what it was last year. If you break it down further into the quarters, I think Q3 growth will probably be just under the 20% mark because last year, if you remember, Q3 was very strong. North America and Europe were coming out of the lockdowns and people got back outside, started being active again. The weather was nice and Asia had the virus under control. So you had really good conditions globally, which led to a strong Q3 last year. For Q4 this year, I'm expecting the growth to be comfortably above 20% year-over-year. But given Q4 is still a quarter away and Tinder has broad geographic exposure. The COVID risks that are still out there necessitate us being a little bit conservative. And so that's what you're seeing as we give our outlook for the back half of the year on Tinder growth.
Gary Swidler: Sure. Look, we've had extremely strong start to the year and that's enabled us to raise our outlook twice so far this year. So we feel great about how we performed in 2021. In fact, our Q2 was really stellar, 27% revenue growth, well-balanced between Tinder and non-Tinder. So we feel really good about Q2 in particular. And I think we're very well set up for the rest of the year. So right now, sitting here, I think we have good visibility into Q3 and that is reflected in our specific guidance for the quarter. And then we're anticipating really solid, sequential revenue growth going into Q4, which would mean that we should see accelerating year-over-year Q4 growth. But as I just said to Corey, there's still some uncertainty in the environment with COVID and Delta and potentially other variants and everything else that people know much about. And so we think that a little bit of conservatism is appropriate, especially the further out that we look. And so that's all factored into the guidance we've provided.
Gary Swidler: So, thanks. That's a good question, actually. So when you look at that chart, that's in the letter related to the Swipe apps and PlentyOfFish live and Hinge, it really is impressive what we've been able to achieve, getting those businesses from virtually nothing to $300 million or so this year in aggregate. But the letter is a little bit unclear. And so I wanted to clarify that each of the group of Swipe apps, as well as the PlentyOfFish live streaming business are contributing at least $50 million of revenue to that $300 million this year. So Hinge is the balance of the $300 million after the two contributions of 50 plus. And as we've said before, Hinge is on track to more than double revenue in 2021 after tripled. And we gave the performance for Hinge also in the second quarter of 150% revenue growth. So the $250 million I think is high. But I've given you the components. So it should enable you, I think, to determine kind of where we think Hinge is going to be roughly for the year.
Gary Swidler: So this is a little bit complicated. I want to try to run through it to make sure people understand. There are two reasons why payers are higher than average subscribers. The first is that payers captures non-subscriber ALC payers. But there's another reason which is the definitions of average subscribers and payers. Average subscribers represent a daily average over the quarter, while payers is the number of unique payers in a given month, and then it's average for the quarter. And so if you look at Match Group overall at our payer numbers, what you'll see is that the non-subscriber ALC payers are actually a relatively small part of the difference between average subscribers and payers. It's more a function of the way payers are counted that accounts for payers being higher than average subscribers. So again, ALC payers that our non-subscribers are a relatively small piece of that disparity. Now, that being said, we do think that as we expand our ALC monetization efforts and we add virtual currency, especially in Asia Pacific, and now we bring on Hyperconnect, which has a lot of non-subscriber ALC payers. The percentage of non-subscriber ALC payers is going to increase. So you'll start to see that as we move forward into the year. I'd encourage you to look at the specific definitions which we provided of average subscribers as well as payers. And if you have further questions on this, we're happy to try to take this offline and go through some examples, because I know intuitively it's not that obvious. But again, the definitions are what's accounting for a large part of the gap.
Gary Swidler: Yes. So it's a good question. We have relatively consistent RPP in APAC compared to the Americas and Europe which is really a reflection of a couple of things. One is that Pairs in Japan is our highest RPP dating business. So that's definitely helping on the RPP and APAC. And then we actually have relative price parody between Tinder and APAC and our other geographies. So you don't see much of a disparity. And so those two things taken together as a result, APAC, RPP is pretty similar to the rest of the world. As far as kind of what the mix is, Pairs tends to be a subscription business as does Tinder in APAC today. However, as we've talked about, we're experimenting with ways to increase the a la carte consumption at Tinder through virtual currency and other product innovations. We're early days for all of that, but we think we can improve payer penetration by adjusting our monetization strategies. And so that's something that you may very well see over time.
Gary Swidler: Sure. Why don't I take that one? So, there are a few things that are leading to somewhat lower growth at Hyperconnect this year than what we expected back in February. The first thing which you rightly pointed out was they have a large footprint in APAC. And as we've talked about and is well documented, COVID has hit APAC much more heavily this year than it did in 2020. And so, there is COVID impact that is being felt in their performance. There is also a much more challenging marketing environment. You've got IDFA, you've got a more crowded marketplace. And so, as a result of these factors, the Hyperconnect team has been a bit less aggressive in some of their key markets this year than we were initially anticipating. On top of that, as Shar has talked about, we have become increasingly excited about the opportunities to apply various Hyperconnect technologies to our other platforms. And we see significant synergies and upside from that. And so that's become a higher priority for us and for the Hyperconnect team in the short term. And we've encouraged them to focus resources on the tech integration with Match Group. So, we still expect Hyperconnect to perform well this year and post solid revenue growth, but it is going to be a little bit lower than we initially saw. As far as the costs, we communicated that we thought over time, margins of Hyperconnect could get into the upper 20s, 30% range, and nothing has really changed our view on that over the longer term. But as I just said, shorter term, we're not focused on margin. We believe that the company will still operate at a breakeven pace. But we want to focus on the synergies. And so that's what we're focused on, certainly for the rest of this year and into next year. And then I expect that the margins will gradually start to improve as we make the turn through 2020. And we'll communicate more about that likely on our next call, as we start to get some sense of what we think 2020 is going to – 2022, I'm sorry, is going to be for the company.
Gary Swidler: Sure. So, on the Google fees in the fourth quarter, I think, what we said previously is that where we ended up on the, our EBITDA ranges would be impacted on whether the Google change actually occurred or not. And at this point, they've now, about a few weeks ago, they basically said they are pushing back the deadline for compliance until March 31, next year. So that cost is obviously not going to hit us in Q4. And so now what we've done is we've given a more up to date EBITDA outlook the rest of the year, which reflects a lot of puts and takes. You've got the legal and GR costs that you mentioned, and there's more things moving around in there and then Google is not in there anymore. And so, this is our kind of our latest and greatest with everything we know sitting here today, factored in. Frankly, I don't know for sure if that $15 million of extra-legal and GR is going to get spent. But we've embedded it. So, I think the costs are relatively fully loaded at this point for the rest of the year. Then in terms of potential workarounds, we continue to talk to Google, we have a good relationship with them, it's very collaborative. And so, we'll see how that all evolves. That being said, as you probably know, there are many, many investigations, and lawsuits and regulatory actions around the world in many jurisdictions, in many countries related App Store practices generally. And so, as a result of that we're increasingly optimistic that there's going to be a change in App Store policies one way or another at some point in the not-too-distant future. And so, we'll see where we are, as time progresses and we'll keep everybody updated on our latest thinking on this. As far as the Tinder former employee litigation goes, ultimately, it's an ongoing litigation, so there's not too much that we can really provide in terms of details on that. What I can say is that we ran a process that involved two globally recognized, highly regarded investment banks that listened to everything that was now plaintiffs in this case had to say about the business, went through an exhaustive analysis and those banks ultimately came up with a valuation of Tinder at the time that was in line with where Wall Street analysts, like those who are on the phone thought Tinder was valued. So, it wasn't particularly surprising from that standpoint. And so, we're confident in our case and that we think their case is completely meritless. And so, we're looking forward to getting to the trial later in the fall and fighting this to the end. And so that's our plan and we remain optimistic.
