Mandy Ginsberg: Great. All right. Okay. So you pointed out Dan that we definitely have a multifaceted relationship with Facebook and they've been a long-term partner for us. We have been in conversations since the announcement at the executive levels and they've certainly indicated to us that they don't plan to change either the [art] [ph] or the advertising relationship. And they dealt with these conflicts with similar relationships in other verticals like e-commerce with Marketplace. The good news is which I mentioned is that our reliance on sign-up has declined dramatically since last summer. On the advertising side, what you pointed out a few of our brands spend on Facebook particularly Match, Meetic and [indiscernible] 50 plus brand up here in the U.S. That said it's one of the many channels one of many digital channels that we use and it's a relatively small percentage of our spend across all those businesses within the single digit. And we believe that as long as spending on Facebook is ROI positive and a sufficient spend for us and Facebook doesn't misuse our data, which we don't think they will, we will continue to spend there. So a Facebook audience network is the last question you had, can we have a great relationship with them? It makes sense on both sides, but there there's definitely alternatives in the market. And to the extent we would need to go somewhere else we would. But at this point, we don't think that makes sense. And then, I just want to sort of take a step back and all of that said, they announced last week that they are an overt competitor in dating, so we're just going to have to monitor and adapt as needed.
Mandy Ginsberg: Okay. Let me tackle the first one. So the rollout started in June/July timeframe and after about two months 75% of new users were using alternative sign-up and I mentioned in my remarks that that chart is you U.S. but it's the same picture globally. And then, just to address questions you had about the process and how easy it is, it's a pretty easy process to download your profile rates. We looked at our -- virtually identical between Facebook off and SMS. And the quality of the profile through both of these flows are similar so we don't see a degradation in quality and it really doesn't create much more friction for the user. I mean on the à la carte, Gary, you would…
Mandy Ginsberg: Okay. I will take the -- so Ross Facebook for us is really not an organic channel. It's a pay channel for us. If we look at all the registrations across all of our products that percentage of registrations is from Facebook is really small. It's like around 5%. So it's not a meaningful number for us. In terms of MAU growth across all businesses, the vast majority is organic. It's like well over half is organic. And if you look at the businesses that pay for acquisition it's really Match, OurTime and Meetic in Europe. There is a number of channels that are much bigger. So you've got TV and over the top in display and search and Facebook is probably around the third or fourth channel so we don't see a big risk there. And you know as I said, we'll continue to spend especially if the spend is efficient on Facebook it's been a good channel though relatively small channel for us.
Mandy Ginsberg: Okay. So number of questions. Let me take the first one, which is around Facebook competing against us with our data. We definitely looked at the Terms of Service and it does give them broad rights. But what you're bringing up truly is like a business ethics question about how they use our data. And if this is an issue that they've addressed with us head-on and executive level conversations we've had obviously since last week's announcement. And they have indicated that they are not going to use information that about our users that they receive through the authentication relationship or the advertising relationship and any targeting that they would do would be based on information that's available for everyone. We've been a long partner for them and I mean honestly I can't imagine Facebook would want to compromise the partnership or more importantly, it's a trust issue. And the users trust is part of these partnerships. And so my sense is right now, it's still too early to tell. But we have been assured that that there's going to be integrity in these -- in the relationship. And then in terms of competition about how we compete i.e., at the end of the day I really don't think, I'll get to your next question. I think don't people are going to be comfortable mixing their dating life with Facebook and so user targeting is not nearly as much of a big concern of mine at the moment. And then in terms of why Facebook is doing this. I can't speculate. I'm not sure we sort of laid out the remarks about the challenges they will have especially in balancing the core user experience with dating, which is a great business but it's also a business -- I mean dating can be tough. Online dating is a factor of that. Someone told me that dating someone is great when you are really into someone, but dating in general can be hard. And so we deal with all the dynamics around dating and I think that by introducing a dating feature into their product they will have to do that too. So I'm not sure I think we'll learn more as more details are told the market.
Mandy Ginsberg: Sure. Yes. So, let me talk about Pairs because we have talked about it, we mentioned in the slides. So if you look -- we do think there is opportunity in the Asian market generally and I'll talk a little bit about Japan. But in the Asian markets there's population growth, there is young population, there's smartphone penetration and the fact is there's still a real cultural stigma in dating and so I equate it to what it was like 15, 20 years ago in the U.S. when online dating first came onto the forefront. On your question specifically on Pairs, it's one of the biggest economies in the world. And then it lags in U.S. and Europe in terms of dating penetration for the reasons I just mentioned. It is a high growth business and we don't break out the specific business by business, but you can roughly compare the revenue to the size of about OkCupid or PlentyOfFish. And for parents in particular, it is a product that targets people looking for a serious relationship and they've seen a real -- we've seen a real growth in that market despite the fact that there's government regulations and you actually can't advertise in a lot of channels including television marketing. So as we are hopefully -- the market is destigmatized we will have to see opportunity to spend more and hopefully open up some of those channels. But we just think that in Japan, [indiscernible] particular need for these products and people are willing to pay for them. And the team is really strong in Japan and we think that we can take these learnings and use those learning for other markets particularly for South Korea. So we'll see. But I think there's some real opportunity both with the Pairs brand as well as Tinder. So, well, talk a little bit about Tinder because you didn't ask me that, but I think that is also a great opportunity for us in Asia and in Japan. We've seen real growth in younger segments in Asia. And these are the two main brands both pairs and Tinder that we're going to go after. And then, the last thing which I just want to address because I think it's one of the reasons why we feel confident and bullish around that market is that there was a real question about whether or not people would pay in Asia and we've seen in particular in Pairs. It is our highest LTV, and our highest ARPU business, so people really are willing to pay for our products.
Mandy Ginsberg: Okay, Chris. Let me take that Facebook question. So in addition to credentials or authentication really the only information that we get from Facebook API is age, gender and photo. Then really what happens in the ecosystem because remember people want to sort of put their best foot forward and impress people on the dating world. And so they will enrich their profile with additional photos that's in our -- that they give to us within that ecosystem. And so we get additional photos, buy music from Spotify, which is on the profile and we use it on the input work and school. So we don't see a lot of friction, users will do that for the reason I stated before that they want to put their best foot forward and for users who previously signed up their Facebook their profile on Tinder remains unchanged.
Mandy Ginsberg: Sure. Thanks for joining the call. The one thing I would say is, we spent a lot of time talking about the announcement last week. But, we didn't spend nearly as much time talking about the thing that we love to do and that we deliver everyday which is really product innovation. And we feel like, we did many years ago crazy category and are constantly evolving it and disrupting it. And I think that, I just want to end by saying that the reason that we feel that the future is bright is because we got teams across the globe that are really focusing on, how do we create phenomenal product that really change really going to be in great shape.
Gary Swidler: Yes, sure. And in the à la carte, I think you should think about sort of two components to it. First of all, Gold has driven à la carte increases generally so that helps significantly particularly boosts which worked very well with the Gold subscription. That's been a component of it. We've also seen a lot of strength in Super Like's lately. So it's multifaceted on both of our à la carte Super Like and booster driving the strength there. In terms of the percentage, we talked previously about it being kind of a third or so of the overall subscriber revenue at Tinder. As gold has driven subscription revenue higher that percentage actually come down a little bit. So I'd say probably just a little bit south of 30%, around 30% is the way to think about it. But it's not because of weakness in à la carte, it's actually because the strength on the subscriber side.
Gary Swidler: And Ross on GDPR just to be very clear. All of the impact from GDPR, in fact, all of the known privacy and regulatory things that we need to deal with are included in our guidance. The GDPR has been a big effort across the company to make sure we comply by the May 25 deadline and we're on track to do that. And we spent a lot of time in resources and money to make sure that we're doing what we need to do. It's not massive amounts but it's there and it's all included enough in our numbers for the year. And there's also revenue effects because we're adjusting auto renewals for our place where we control the payments and so forth. So all that is baked in, but there are revenue and cost impacts of GDPR and all the compliance things that are going on. Again, all of that is baked into our numbers for this year. The thing that is not baked in is what we don't know. So to the extent other jurisdictions put in new privacy things that we need to comply with and we don't currently comply with or other effects happen out of this much more intense focus on privacy that would potentially move around our outlook. But we think would be manageable within probably the ranges we have, but that's the thing that's not factored in. The known things including GDPR are clearly factored in at this point. Next question please.
Gary Swidler: And Jason in terms of your question on the ROIs on marketing, we're not moving our hurdles in any way. It's not a question of the hurdles being changed. The real reality is that TV has become more expensive and the cost of bringing in a user that way has gone up as eyeballs have really moved from TV to digital, which is as engaging, isn't as effective. TV has always been a great source for us. So we're trying to maintain our discipline on our hurdles and to the extent that means we can't spend as much, we are not spending as much. It's as simple as that. Obviously, we're focused on the impact of that and hoping additional channels open up that we could find effective and hit our hurdles and spend and if we do, we definitely will do that. In the interim, we're making the improvements on the products that we talked about trying to drive more word of mouth and replace some of what we've lost on the TV side in other ways. So that's the strategy around particularly Match and Meetic where the effect of what's happening with TV is the most pronounced.
Gary Swidler: Sure. Let me take a crack at it. First of all, we have really been investing on both the product and marketing side at Tinder. And we see real things we're trying to accomplish in both to continue to rollout product that is enhancing engagement and driving to users as we talk about as well as roll out some revenue features. And so we continue to add headcount there, we continue to add top class engineering talent, AI talent and we've been spending on product and bringing engineering to drive product. So as far as that goes clearly, we see that Tinder is our growth engine and we're investing where we can to drive the product at Tinder. And similarly, on the marketing side, we didn't have to market initially as Mandy talked about in her remarks at Tinder and Tinder grew virally around the world out of the box in a way that we've never seen before. But there are still a lot of things to do at Tinder now at this stage of its development, which include continuing to raise awareness of the product in international markets. And we're spending money there where necessary to try to drive awareness in India, in Korea elsewhere in Asia where we see real opportunity and we're going to continue to do that. As well as in the U.S. where Tinder needs to continue to evolve in terms of how people perceive the product. And we're spending money there as well. And to work through further involvement with the younger demographic as people age and turn 18 and go to college to try to drive some of those users to Tinder. So, all those things are key priorities for us and Tinder is an incredibly profitable business as we talked about. And we're spending I think very appropriately in both product and marketing to achieve our strategic objectives. And in fact, if you go back to 2017, which seems like a long time to go back, isn't that long ago, you'll remember that we talked about reducing margins at the company at Tinder in particular because we had to start spending on marketing and to try to drive user growth in part with some marketing. And we took a step back in margin and we said overall longer term we think that will be useful from a growth perspective and we'll see margin enhancement at Tinder over time and that's in fact what's happening and you're starting to see the results of all that now as Tinder's margins are expanding, while at the same time Tinder is achieving tremendous growth. And so we're really enjoying both margin and growth at Tinder and that was the long-term plan that we've put in place.
Gary Swidler: And Sam maybe just give a little more color on a couple of your questions. I think on the international side, ex-Tinder and Tinder is obviously driving a lot of international growth. But ex-Tinder, Pairs and the new OurTime brand in Europe are probably driving the preponderance of that growth. OkCupid has a small business internationally, but I don't think it's a major contributor to the overall growth that you alluded to. We would consider, however, trying to put OkCupid internationally. We think now that product is working pretty well. We're seeing real resonance in the U.S., continuing to expand internationally could be part of the plan for OkCupid. And in fact PlentyOfFish also has seen some strength in some international markets [indiscernible] speaking markets and we could push PlentyOfFish internationally as well. So those are things that we are thinking about. The one thing that overall that you highlight that I also just wanted to mention though is strengthening OkCupid and we talked about how we are investing behind OkCupid on the marketing side, and we're pleased with the product wins they've had there. You can see that over the past couple of quarters OkCupid's growth has accelerated meaningfully and it is performing very strongly. So it is valid to point that out overall that OkCupid is performing well.
Gary Swidler: I think in terms of the revenue question. Revenue is basically flat in those businesses and the non-Tinder businesses. And I think that's our expectation as the year progresses, the revenue is going to stay flat. I think we're thinking along the same lines on the subs side. The question around all of that is something that we've talked about a little bit throughout the call which is, what is the marketing opportunity and do we find opportunities to spend. To the extend we don't find opportunities to spend that will put some pressure on sub-growth in the non-Tinder businesses particularly at Match and Meetic and so that's what we're watching that's probably where the variability is sub-growth being sort of connected to the marketing spend opportunities. So we'll have to see how that all plays out as the year goes on. But generally the assumptions around revenue being flat subs being flat still kind of our operating principle.
Gary Swidler: Okay. Let me take a crack at that. And I'm going to try to do without sort of confirming some of the numbers that you throughout that we haven't really thrown out. But as far as the 600 million TAM, obviously, we think that's the right number. We put in our Tinder's demographic -- core demographic being the kind of 20 to 30 year old range. So rough estimate at the top of my head would be kind of a quarter of that 600 million TAM is probably in Tinder's core demographic globally. So that obviously still a very big market around 150 million people globally ex-China. And we believe that Tinder is well positioned to keep capturing more and more of that market over time. That's why we're spending the marketing dollars, that's why we're focused internationally and putting forth those efforts because we see significant opportunity particularly in those developing markets globally. In terms of kind of payer penetration level, the only thing we can tell you is we feel very confident that we can drive those numbers higher and higher over time. Obviously, it depends on the product roadmap and what we roll out and whether people find those features appealing. But if past is any prelude on that we continue to have a lot of success rolling out features that users find appealing and are willing to pay for it. In fact, the adoption from payer standpoint of our recent features has been incredibly strong. We think we're still in that strong adoption point. So we'll expect to continue to make progress there. We will continue to drive payer penetration higher, what the ceiling is, how it compares with others, is really hard to say. It will depend on a lot of different things including how we price the different features what we offer for free. Our category is different than music and a variety of ways for example are different than other categories because it's something that's incredibly important to people and they see incredible value in it which is why we've been able to continue to drive overall ARPU up at Tinder. And so those are I think some of the factors to think about as you think about kind of where the penetration levels can go. So but the only thing I'd say is, we definitely our confidence is growing higher, hard to say kind of where that overall ceiling maybe and it will depend on kind of how we approach a variety of different things as we balance everything out.
