Gregory Blatt: Yes. It's going to be very big. Tinder alone we've built an unbelievable dedicated data science team run by Professor Lou, who take over from McGill, all they do is work on AI. It is most simple form right. It's going to drive amazing enhancements to recommendation engines. I mean the technology they are developing within a few swipes they can start to tell exactly what you want, who you're interested in et cetera. And the early prototype they're very exciting. Then goes to be able to select where you should go on a date. Make proposals about sort of common interests and common suggestion, and it's really exciting. There are also various things we're playing with in terms of augmented reality and communicated through augmented reality through AI that sort of allows with facial gestures and other forms of non-verbal communication to pick up signals and send visual back and forth, it's really amazing - it's amazing what we're starting to be able to do. Chatbot, we take this another example of it. So I think I mean everywhere AI is just starting to scratch the surface, but were making a big investment in it. It's not quite rolled out in our recommendation engine yet, but will be soon and really expect it to just build from there. So we think it's one of several exciting technology sort of vectors that are starting to sort of really transform category location, video, AI, I think these are all the very big and we are making investments across the board.
Gregory Blatt: Yes, I'll take the second one first, the answer yes. We said that our marketing spend is somewhat variable through the course of the year. We sort of pretty cap on and we certainly don't think on margins will come down as a result of the marketing spend, but it shifts around between different businesses. We certainly have always contemplated increasing the Match marketing spend throughout the year, as Gary said was in our number were down in Q1 year-over-year marketing spend we expect to be up meaningfully by Q4 year-over-year. So the Match marketing spend is relative to week expand that we talked about in terms of the new products all of that built into our guidance.
Gregory Blatt: Portfolio that we acquired cheap and these where you know $7 million acquisitions that pick up and see experiment et cetera, but have meaningful PMC.
Gregory Blatt: And then on a al carte, again I think the majority of our al carte revenue comes from subscribers and that is built into our ARPU line. So I think that it's all obviously within the guidance. And I think that as Gary said ARPU is sort of holding steady at Tinder much as a result of those increases in a al carte. We are starting to grow a al carte outside of PMC which is not included in the ARPU number and still relatively small. And I think it doesn't have positive impact, but it's not sort of continent moving by any stretch at this point.
Gregory Blatt: Okay. On product, I think there tend to be although not always. A bucket of product work to drive conversion in a separate bucket of products work that drives usage marketing users. Not always different, but they're usually different. And clearly as we develop product in the non-conversion bucket, we are very mindful not to trip up conversion bucket. When you look at something like misconnections, which actually drives the increased communication, in the product like Match increased communication drive increased conversion, there are sort of very aligned. SuperLike at Tinder was an example of something that it was both. But on a business like POF for instance where it's free to communicate driving out conversation doesn't necessarily impact conversion one way or the other, it just drives additional usages. So I think the way to think about it is there was always conversion work being done in the background that you don't necessarily see or hear about it from us, but you are going to hear about it sort of out there. And then there is that consumer facing stuff that is a stuff where a user uses the product one day and then uses the product next day and that's different and that sort of what I was outlining today. As I said our focus has not been there over the last three years as we've really been focused on trying to create a functional mobile products that drive monetization the way we need to and now we're really focused on that sort of excitement factor, the differentiation factor. And we've don't expect it to negatively impact conversion and in fact we expect that. In totality we will be driving conversion up through the year even as we drive those initiatives.
Gregory Blatt: But also again, I've also said driving the ad revenue as fast as we can is not our priority right now. It is hard to believe, but we still struggle over engineering resources, fighting for where they go every day, no matter how many people were added. We don't have enough people to do all the things we want to do. So it's a struggle and just the reality is that the ad business is not the leading priority there as we continue to drive out really cool consumer facing features and focusing our direct revenue basis. So I think that you were testing the Facebook piece and you get it right our plan is for to grow slightly better than direct revenue. But it's not as much of a focus as the other and I think we're learning a lot about it and we expect that to be the case. But I think we're not pushing as hard on the pedal as we could and don't expect to this year.
Gregory Blatt: Surely thanks. On the first question, I said we say that we are still a lot of doing nearly as much as we could and should be doing in terms of managing users across the portfolio. We do some mostly between Match and our Affinity brands we have not really begun to tap into the opportunities with our soft paywall businesses and our hard paywall businesses it is a question of resources. There is lots of opportunity there to move people both ways which we really have not begun to do. So unfortunately the answer is we have not meaningfully I mean get there are some movement right now between Match and our Affinity businesses, but we have not developed any special strategy for doing that here. I think a way to think about it and therefore we're not sure where they're going I think a way think about it is these are generally people who are harder to attract who we've had to pay more to attract therefore somewhat less valuable consumers I'm sure that some of them moving coming back using our product maybe there are some using other products of those again our affinity users to a lot of the affinity just especially the harder to acquire friendly users tend to be not as robust users of products. So I think there's probably leakage from the system there and that was driven by our overspending to acquire them. In terms of the Tinder penetration continues to go up, it is driven by new features, new markets et cetera. We don't sort of publicize our penetration rate set and you know in our long-term we expect that as rates continue to grow for certainly for the foreseeable future and again we monetized as I said we expected to be able to drive the meaningful business on top of this great product. It is gone even better than we expected and we expect that growth to continue, lease for the foreseeable future.
Gregory Blatt: Okay. Let me trying - I'll take the last one first which is it's not our buyback program that our capital return I mean IAC is that obviously a significant shareholder has represented on the board but Match get managed for Match in it shareholders. I see as certain rights I think it has a preemptive right to get exercise that want to as not done that but our capital deployment is driven by our own corporate governance structure. In terms of Tinder sub mix again we don't give up the specific data say that if you take North America and Western Europe together which behave pretty similarly made up obviously the majority I would say probably you know you can think about it maybe is three quarters one quarter roughly, but record world is growing faster than the rest and so over time we expect this growth everywhere but over time we expect rest of world to expand as a percentage. In terms of holding affinity aside in terms of the certain North American core. Yes, I think by the end of the year we do expect that's become positive again affinity is going to you know obviously level said it. But we're still on track, we still on track with any side.
Gregory Blatt: Sure. In terms of - if I understood your first question, look our philosophy on our soft paywall businesses is generally that we offer features behind the paywall that we couldn't really offer to everybody. Meaning if we have a feature that it's going to make everybody experience better, but we will give it to everybody. But there are some features that if you gave everybody would hurt the echo system which you can give to a smaller number of people, for instance Boost is an example. Boost is a feature where it allows you to sort of move yourself ahead in other people's rec engines or by definition you couldn't give that to everybody because it's a relative comparative advantage, so you charge for it, same thing with SuperLike. The whole point is to create scarcity and then you'll allow people to buy beyond that scarcity. So that's the way we sort of think about features that are paid and think about features that are unpaid. In terms of new monetization feature, we are rolling out roughly as I said were somewhat agnostic behind which we exactly how we make money in this area. And I think that this feature in particular maybe something of a hybrid the way some or other features have been. We're actually experimenting with a number of different ways to do that. We're confident to drive monetization meaningfully and certainly PMC will be a part of that, it may or may not be the only part of that. It was just weird. I mean I don't know I've been doing this for a long time sort of in November thing sort of just became a little muted. It stayed muted in December, it stayed muted in January, I think we talk February 1 and I think we said it was sort of a weird start to the year continued into February, absolutely turned in March has continued in April, it's sort of things are back to the world that we know better. I have no expertise or ability to tell you exactly what was going on and then I was a little weird. The best thing we could point to was that it was sort of the post-election was weird and there was a lot of weirdness, but we are not pundits. I don't really know exactly what happened, but it was not brand specific, it was sort of across the board. So that's really all we know.
Gregory Blatt: It wasn't really conversion, it was more - again once conversion is really driven by the people - once you get the people in the door conversion is product related and [indiscernible] floating on traffic really across the board both in our marketing and non-marketing businesses, so everything was just a little slow that's all.
Gregory Blatt: On the ad side, I think we are not getting the CPMs here, but the big target for us is going to be ad load at Tinder. And I think work started as I said, I think we're going to be conservative this year. We've not built in terribly aggressive to ad loads, but we care most about in Tinder is our user experience and certainly at the ad levels that we've been driving through our direct business there's zero impact. Is the Facebook deal allows us to frankly do whatever ad load we want from sort of unlimited inventory? So now that the constraints till their own view of user experience. We're going to test that over time. I think we're doing some additional testing now and then we'll sort of set a bar and roll it out more broadly probably end of Q2, beginning Q3. We're going to be somewhat conservative there, which is built into our numbers for this year. I'm losing my short-term memory. What was the other question? On the online piece, second hardest thing to project that we've done. We think it's really cool. We think it's an opportunity to again hopefully increase margins and also to create a somewhat different experience to the desktop pieces. The mobile web piece is relatively similar to the native app that the desktop experience just really cool and different and sort of lead the different use case. But we don't really know. I think any comparisons to match would just fall short, I mean match the mobile web is a big part of the mobile experience. We don't think that will ever happen here. But it was enough that we know that we can drive mobile usage especially - I mean mobile web usage especially in sort of lower bandwidth market where the native apps are harder. So we don't know. We think collectively as I said between the Ethernet and the web products. We are seeing in early test of night pubs in user shift. But it's probably too early to quantify, certainly not built into our numbers. It will be a little slow in rolling it out, because they are big changes to the ecosystem and we think there's some positive upside there. And there are big projects and it's nice to see them have a little payback.
Gregory Blatt: Sure. On the mobile web side, again it's early and I think most of our testing has been done in markets that, that's not in the U.S. It's not in some of our bigger more established markets. I think that internationally, I think there are areas with smartphones, with smartphones challenges, with bandwidth challenges, there is some reluctance to download dating apps on to your desk, which we think it's an online usage use case. There is desktop. So we think it could be a mix of incremental users and joint usage, but it's early and we just can't really layout exactly how that's going to play out yet. In terms of the conversion, again we're rolling out payments in Q3, unlike all our other businesses that are set up for credit card pay and et cetera. Tinder has done everything to the app store and building that up at scale is not a small patch you have to prevent fraud and there's all sorts of stuff. So that's going to roll on Q3. We think conversion. We would naturally expect conversion on a similar user, meaning on the same user, we expect conversion to be lower that too we've seen our other businesses. But the question for us is the 30% lower. It is not 30% lower than we make money by shifting from the app store to mobile web and we think there will be opportunities to do that exactly how much and how materials will be, we're not predicting right now. It's certainly worth the effort, we're building it and we're going to see over time.
Gregory Blatt: On the second question the answer is, it's not something we deal with I see I know how investor call, yes I think we get investor call tomorrow, they're the shareholders they may those decision. So no question should be directed to them. In terms of share cuts we've got a lot of security I think we've been public now for will be go on two years we expect there to be exercised over time there could be M&A activity. So it's not we're not thing you're going and doing some big secondary operating in two months but just naturally we expect flow to continue to increase and we don't expect our buyback activity to be greater than that natural increase inflow.
Gregory Blatt: Listen thanks everybody for joining us. Let this quarter we're excited about the rest of the year and we look forward to speaking to you guys next quarter.
Gary Swidler: Thank you, Dan. On the ARPU I think I do expect it over time to decline although I think modestly. What you have - what has happened over the last year and a half has really been able to sustain Tinder ARPU through the growth in all of our revenue to subscribers. That will continue to some extent, but I do think the exceptional growth we're seeing in rest of world PMC at Tinder. We'll start to overwhelm that. Pricing is different between North America, Western Europe and rest of world, and while PMC growth is strong everywhere. Shockingly, the rest of the world is bigger than North America - than Western Europe. And we're seeing proportionality there. So I think that it hasn't declined as fast as we expected certainly and we've adjusted our own views of the rate of mix shift and our ability to offset it through these other means. But I do think of the long-term it will decline modestly. The POF question was - on Tinder social I think we want Tinder social in the form that we did I think it is not in hugely impactful. I think that we continue to run it and I think we are pursuing a number of social features that don't run through Tinder social per se. So we tested something called Tinder tonight. We're also working at a number of new features, the goal is still to engage people beyond one-to-one, Tinder social itself was not hugely impactful. In terms of POF, I think the higher conversation rate is unique to POF. I think because it is more social in terms of people communicate more, I don't know that it's necessarily leads to social dynamics the way we're pursuing in Tinder, and go by the Tinder, I think it's a different audience space, something in a different case and I think Tinder is the place where you will see the most social dynamics in terms of groups, events, all that sort of things versus some or other properties.
Gary Swidler: So Peter the run-off of affinity and the run of the street brand are two slightly different things I just want to make sure everybody is clear on this we have some non-strategic brands that portfolio that we acquired that we are intentionally running down.
Gary Swidler: So those have been running down for several reporters but they remain as they continue to run down a headwind on North American PMC numbers and it is a relative piece but when you look at the totaled 120,000 PMC, but that bulk of that is caused by affinity which is this step function run down that were potentially doing as we focus on higher ROI targets for our affinity marketing spend. And that impact is going to it's prevalent in this quarter it's going to last for another two or three quarters as that business gets right-size and then net impact will start to lessen. So that there we're going to see in our performance and our metrics for the next couple of quarters and then that will be less of the factors. So I just one of make sure ones clear and what's the impact is in our PMC numbers as you feel both of those impacts one that's going to continue to run down and one that is a function of the next two or three quarters and then will start to improve.
Gary Swidler: Okay most the non-strategic brands all guys in North America and got the two components the non-strategic brand as well as the affinity cost of the predominant piece of the 120 a run down.
Gary Swidler: On the outside we talked about first of all we don't feel the impact of the Facebook Ad Network program yet in our result, but as that continues to be implemented we will see if we get revenue from that and to the Ad revenue is scaling in the back half of the year and we talked about being a little bit faster than our revenue growth on outside. So this quarter is basically just down side on that but we should see improvement in the direct revenue line as the year progresses.
Gary Swidler: And Eric, on the share count if you're focused on shared outstanding related to the adjusted EPS calculation which shows about 20 million share increases quarter-over-quarter. That's really related to the adoption of ASU 2016-09, which basically adjusts the treatment of excess tax benefit. You can no longer assume with the shares are bought back. So a little more than half of the change in that share increase is related to the adoption of that with the remainder of it related to new option grants and things like that that occurred in the first quarter. So it's the accounting change that is really driving that number of shares higher, the total is about $20 million and you gain about a little bit more than half is probably related to the accounting change.
Gary Swidler: I think just trying to get a sense of the direction on ad revenue. I think what we said is, again ad revenue growth overall for the year to somewhat faster than our overall revenue growth is going to be relatively flattish in the beginning part of the years. So we'll ramp as some of the Tinder initiatives take all the back half of the year.
