Shar Dubey: Thank you, Lance. Good morning and thank you all for joining the call. As with the last quarter, along with the earnings release we shared our commentary in a shareholder letter last night. Hope you’ve had a chance to read them. I will however summarize the very brief highlights and then Gary will add some color to the financials and we'll open it up for Q&A.  2020 thus far has certainly been an extraordinary year. We are running out of adjectives to describe it and even as we've been navigating the various macro events, these last few months in particular have been fairly eventful for our business. We completed the separation from IAC at the end of June. It's particularly remarkable given that it was all accomplished in the middle of the pandemic, and I'm proud of the team that made that all happen so smoothly.  As our financial results indicate, our business has shown resilience [Audio Gap] as we mentioned in the letter, even though we've come down from the high engagement levels we first saw in March and April at the beginning of the lockdowns, we're still seeing higher engagement than when this all started.  The declines in propensity to pay that we talked about last call, they’ve all steadily recovered across all of our brands and across subscriber conversions as well as à la carte purchases. Our first time subscribers and direct revenue grew year-over-year across almost all of our major brands.  Now the organic word-of-mouth driven new user trends, those haven’t fully recovered yet, probably because the much lower level of socializing going on in the world. But paid marketing has been performing very well and we're going to take advantage of this market opportunity in Q3 by investing heavier on COA.  Last quarter we talked about how the Non-Tinder businesses have grown by 2% in aggregate on a year-over-year basis for the first time since 2016. In Q2 that trend continued and in aggregate these businesses grew 9%, driven by solid product and marketing efforts. Our Tinder business continues to grow very nicely, despite being far more exposed to the COVID impacted markets internationally. And you know despite impacts in fairly large markets like India which we called out, which by the way India's been about the worst impacted than any other market we've seen since the pandemic began; also Brazil for some period of time. Despite all of that Tinder in aggregate has recovered in terms of propensity to pay trends and they're starting to experiment new features that we’re excited about for later this year.  I should also address the leadership change we made at Tinder last week. Elie Seidman stepped down and we were lucky to be able to bring in a very talented and experienced executive Jim Lanzone as CEO to lead this next chapter of growth for Tinder. We also brought in a seasoned product executive from the gaming world as the CPO for Tinder and I'm feeling very optimistic about Tinder’s next chapter.  As we look ahead, we've created several levers of growth in our portfolio. Tinder continues to show strength and opportunity, both in new addressable markets, as well as opportunity for new surface areas for user engagement and monetization. Our older brands that have been a drag for a while are in aggregate growing again. There are many different stories here, new sources of revenue, new markets, new marketing channels, other product wins, all of which gives us confidence that they should continue this trajectory.  And our new growth brands are doing very well. Both Hinge and Pairs continue to perform well. Our newer apps like BLK and Chispa that we built and invested in are now growing nicely and contributing to the growth and we're continuing to seed and invest for the future with our Muslim app Hawaya that just launched in 12 new markets, a new Christian app we launched a few months ago, and our continued investment in Asia.  As I said the last time, the value proposition of our product has gotten stronger as people have fewer traditional alternatives to meet people. And you know with the growing usage of video and other features, we have an opportunity to truly expand the use cases and experience within our apps.  One of the favorite parts of the job for me are the stories we hear from users every day. So I thought I'd share a couple of non-business fun facts. People are certainly adapting their dating behaviors to the pandemic and lockdowns, and based on the stories we're hearing, some of the more popular dates these days are “walks in the park”, “picnics” and “backyard barbecue”. We’ve continued to hear more and more stories about super interesting video dates and even video and live streamed weddings which might become a trend.  Despite all the uncertainties the world and the market still hold, we are feeling more confident about the rest of the year, and with that I will let Gary walk through some more financial specifics. 
Shar Dubey: Okay. Thanks Lauren and welcome to your first Match Group call. I’m sure glad to have our first woman analyst covering us after five years, I think.  About July, yes, the recovery that we saw throughout Q2 has continued into July and we've seen improvements in both subscribers and ARPU. We actually shared a chart yesterday in our letter that showed the first time subscriber trend into July and that should illustrate the continued momentum we’re generally seeing in our propensity to pay recovery, and this is basically what's guiding us for our Q3.  The question about the geo impacts of COVID and the trends have been really interesting. It's very different by market and so maybe I'll give you a little bit of color of what we've seen and what we're continuing to see.  In the U.S. and Western Europe where we saw most of the impact in March and April, right when the big news was going on and the initial lockdowns were announced. Since then things have steadily improved and despite increases in case in Florida, Texas, Georgia etc., we haven't seen any impacts to any of our metrics.  Now even back then, there were certain parts of the country that were more impacted. For instance New York and California were much more impacted. Florida actually never showed any decline in metrics. In fact they had super high engagement due to spring break, right when all this news was breaking.  In other parts of the world however, we're seeing again varied levels of impact. Brazil for instance actually saw some of the worst impacts in May and June and it's recently starting to tick back up. India as we mentioned, it's been the most impacted of any markets that we've seen thus far and it still remains under pressure.  Japan is another market we've been watching closely. In the early days it didn't seem to show any impact, but when the first round of states of emergencies were declared, we saw some degradation in metrics. Things have been improved, but there have been some new rounds of emergency declarations over the last few days and we’re watching to see if any of that has an impact.  In aggregate though, despite all these puts and takes, all of our businesses have continued improvement every month since it’s bottomed out in April. 
Shar Dubey: Thanks Corey. I was waiting for the Platinum question, wondering when that was going to come up.  As we mentioned, about the broader roadmap, we have a pretty robust roadmap that's focused on core experiences as we always do, as well as building some foundational stuff for new experiences we are planning to rollout next year. I can’t get into a lot of details on all of that yet, but to your question about power users and you know the revenue roadmap focus, it is true, our second half 2020 revenue roadmap on Tinder is focused on power users.  We’ve – the team's been testing some contextual merchandizing around our existing à la carte products and we have indeed just started testing a new subscription tier Platinum. It is designed to provide additional value beyond gold by increasing users’ chances to get more matches and more conversations.  It is very, very early and it's also a very minimum viable product version of the Tier that we are testing. The team has more features that they're adding and designing and all of that remains to be tested.  The thing I want to point out, you know Platinum, we’re mostly expecting this to be an ARPU driver. Unlike Gold, which was by far the most successful and unique revenue feature we've ever launched, which drove meaningful ARPU increases along with almost doubling of subscriber conversion, this is not at all expected to be anywhere close to Gold. This is more about adding, giving our power users more control, a better experience and more advantages through this – through our ARPU [plank] [ph].  But again, there’s a fair bit of testing still to be done and our goal is that if all goes well we should be able to globally roll this out by the end of the year, later in Q4. 
Shar Dubey: Thanks John. Hinge is actually tracking very well relative to our expectations. In terms of user growth, even though it was impacted during the initial lock downs, mostly because of their geographic footprint being in larger cities like New York and LA, they have since rebounded very strongly and already in the first half of 2020 their downloads are doubled year-over-year and there's lots of room to go, both in the U.S., as well as internationally, which we haven't made a huge play yet.  And you know as we said before, this year was supposed to be the beginning of our focus on monetization and the team's been right on target and even slightly ahead than initially planned on rolling out revenue features. It's been encouraging to see the features that have worked well on our other platforms, also work well on Hinge. In fact one of the pleasant surprises for us was Hinge turning profitable in Q2, which was well ahead of our expectations. 
Shar Dubey: Sure. So on female engagement and video, as we said, yes, there were a lot of really interesting learning’s coming out of the spike in engagement we saw with women, which has allowed us to formulate a portion of our road map, particularly only on Tinder, to try to leverage the psychology of what that was. And you'll see us rolling out – the team's been testing a few different things and we will definitely be doing more on that front particularity next year. On Video we obviously have launched both, one-to-one video on most of our platforms, including Tinder. Tinder is now testing it in a number of different markets, their face-to-face products are – the thing we realized – I mean each of our products has a different room set in terms of when you get to open up video. In some cases it’s after a couple of conversations back and forth, in some cases you have to have as many as 10 back-and-forth exchanges before the video becomes available. And so people are still testing to make sure what is the right timing at which we should open up people to talk on video.  You know usage has been building across all of our platforms. The thing that we found is once people use it, majority of them use it again and so it is going to be one of those things that's going to develop over the long term I think.  About your second question related to the older expectations about the longstanding brands, and what do we think is going to happen, you know it's been two years in the making with lots of products work and investments across these properties to enhance the user experience and increase the product appeal. There's lots of work that's gone into changing monetization mechanisms and paywalls and even business models in certain cases. And then, you know we’ve supplemented this with marketing campaigns and with true brand differentiation and that's what gives us confidence that they’ve turned a corner and they should be set up for sustainable growth going forward.  The other thing that actually is super interesting is, the past team has found a new revenue stream in PopLive, which again opens up – you know sort of gives us confidence in this idea of new surface areas and new monetization abilities that we can deploy across our platforms. 
Shar Dubey: Yeah. Let me take the India question first. India, I think has been interesting to watch as I said you know some of our early markets that we saw, the worst impacts were Spain and Italy back in March and early April, but India has definitely been much worse impacted than even those markets.  We also pulled back on marketing, but it has bottomed out lately, and it does look like things are starting to open up a bit and if what we're seeing and reading is right in the market, our teams wants to go back out with marketing and rebuild some of the lost momentum in India. So, yes India I think was about as bad as you know it got for us. And it was uniquely just the only country that was impacted that way, surprisingly.  About Tinder, yeah I think you know there has been, because of its exposure to some of these geographies that continue to have an impact as I said, you know Brazil is a large market, they were seeing impacts in May and June whereas North America and Western Europe recovered better after the April bottom. India being another one, it's a little delayed for another quarter maybe because of the international markets, but we should definitely start accelerating growth again in Q4 at Tinder. 
Shar Dubey: Thanks, Eric. Yeah its – you know it was – Elie joined Tinder right after we launched Gold and you know his study hand was really critical at that time as Tinder grew through its first $1 billion, and now it's ready for its next chapter, and I really think Jim with his track record and experience is absolutely the right leader for this next chapter for Tinder.  He’s seasoned; he has a strong track record, you know both building businesses, as well as running large distributive businesses. He brings a unique blend of product and marketing chops and you know in the near term we don't expect any major changes, but we do have great ambitions for Tinder and its expansion into new use cases and surface areas, and I've always believed that fresh thinking combined with institutional knowledge can drive step changes, and I'm sure Jim will put his stamp on 2021 plans, but all-in-all I'm excited for where Tinder is headed. 
Shar Dubey: Yeah, that's an interesting question. On Live I think you're talking about festival mode and those kinds of features we had launched. So obviously the value of those kinds of features have come down since there's not many concerts and events going on, but keep in mind these are generally core engagement features, so their direct impact on revenue is not that much.  The Live feature, we actually discussed in the shareholder letter, is more around synchronized shared experiences within the app itself. It's not dependent on in-real life events, so it's sort of a different thing.  Tinder U is again, it's interesting and Tinder U was again an engagement feature rather than a direct revenue driver. When you know schools started closing, we did adjust our Tinder U product to make sure students could continue to swipe both, in their physical location if they went back home, as well as within their schools. We saw a fairly large spike in activity and engagement among the 18 to 22 year olds, you know in the early days of the pandemic and through most of summer.  Generally towards the end of August we see some back-to-school seasonality, so it'll be interesting to see what happens this particular year. The team is ready to figure out and adjust quickly. It is sort of important to know that the Tinder U feature is sort of a filtering mechanism and it's valuable to students even if they are not on campus. Now, obviously it does change a few things. You can't do campus marketing and you know so we’ve got to resort to more digital avenues, etc., but it'll be interesting to see what happens this fall. 
Shar Dubey: Thanks Jason. Why don’t I try to take that one. So first of all you said FX, but it's important to note that there was a significant FX headwind in Q2 along the lines of about $11 million. It's much less severe in Q3, probably in the order of $4 million, so that's just one aspect of it. In terms of the overall drivers of it, Shar I think mentioned, we saw weakness from COVID in terms – particularly at Tinder in terms of à la carte and also some shifts to lower priced packages, lower priced skewed at Tinder, and that really is the driver internationally, especially remembering that Tinder is a bigger piece of the pie internationally than it is domestically. So that's why you see some of those pressures there COVID related, particularly the effects of the pandemic went through Western Europe.  You know now they're more pronounced in other places like India, so we'll still see some lingering effects, but I think you should expect some pretty strong sequential acceleration, international ARPU in Q3, both as the FX impact is less, but even organically I think we're going to see some meaningful improvement. Already you know April to June we talked about 6% improvement in Tinder ARPU, so you can see the momentum on the ARPU side generally. 
Shar Dubey: Sure. You know I’m going to caveat this by saying that awareness and perception changes – takes a while to form and shape and change, and it's only, believe it or not been three to four months of us dealing with this. But having said that, here is what we know.  For people who have tried online dating, they definitely found value and are using it more. This is what’s evidenced in all of our increased engagement and reactivation. For people that have resisted the category, it's not clear yet that they are breaking if you will, the resistance in larger numbers, but the likelihood of that could increase as this drags on. But what’s also more important is it does tell us – it gives us the opportunity to be able to market and tell our stories more strongly, because our value proposition certainly has increased during that time.  So that's sort of where we are where the increased value perception among people who have tried it has gone up. We see it in all kinds of metrics. Whether new users breaking through in larger numbers is going to happen, that's something we have to still keep an eye on. 
Shar Dubey: Thank you all. It’s been a tremendous quarter despite everything that we’ve been seeing. I hope you all are staying safe. We are hoping to be able to talk to you again in a quarter. 
