Gary Swidler: Yes. So, Cory, on the payers, there's a lot going on there and I'm going to try to unpack it for you a little bit, because you've got variability that's been introduced by price optimization, you've got variability that's been introduced by the weekly subscription packages, and they're rolling out at different times. First, we have the effects from the U.S. ones, and then from the international ones. So, there's a lot of movement in the numbers. Obviously, they are better as a result of deciding not to roll out the price changes in the international markets, and they're meaningfully better than they would have been had we done that. But what's also happened since the last time we chatted on an earnings call is that we've more slowly rolled out the pricing changes in the U.S. market. And so, right now, that's affecting the Q2 payers numbers. It's going to have some lingering effects in Q3 and likely into Q4 as we continue to slowly show those pricing changes to the U.S. payer base. So that's kind of one thing that's happening a little bit more slowly than we initially expected, but we obviously test and adjust and we think that's the right thing to do. And then of course, the change that you mentioned around the weekly -- around the payer -- the pricing changes not having been introduced internationally. So there's a lot of different pressures going on here. It will continue to roll through over the coming quarters. I do think that overall the third quarter sequential trends are going to be meaningfully better than what we saw in Q2, which was down 184,000. And overall, I think once we get through this year as we turn the corner into 2024, the noise that has resulted from all these changes, which are in our control, around introducing weekly subscription packages and price changes will have largely burned through and will be into a much more normal cadence of payer additions.
Gary Swidler: Jason, are you there? It doesn't sound like we have Jason. Operator, maybe we should move to the next one.
Gary Swidler: So, I would estimate that roughly 50% of the U.S. payer base is now paying the higher prices. And just so you understand, our approach around this is that payers don't see or pay the higher prices until they churn off and are off Tinder for a period of time. And then when they come back again, which happens frequently, as you know, then they see the higher prices and become higher paid payer. So, we think that's fair to the consumer and is the approach we've taken, which is why it's taking time for this to roll through the U.S. payer base. From an RPP perspective, we saw the 10% year-over-year lift in RPP in Q2 at Tinder. And I think you should expect to see accelerating increases in RPP in Q3 and Q4, which is going to drive significant revenue acceleration as well at Tinder over the course of Q3 and then into Q4. We are adjusting prices pretty meaningfully. The weekly subscription packages are having a significant contribution in RPP as well. So that's a big driver of the overall revenue performance and performance at Tinder this quarter and for the next couple of quarters.
Gary Swidler: So, I think the way to think about the rest of '23, first of all, Ben, is that the year is largely about increasing RPP. As I mentioned earlier, we saw a dramatic increase in Q2. We're expecting even greater increase in Q3, and then continued acceleration into Q4 because of the weekly packages and the price optimizations. On the payer side, as a result of all these things playing through the payer base, we're seeing year-over-year declines in the mid-single digits in terms of payers, and that's something that I expect to continue for the next couple of quarters. And there's a few different drivers of that. Obviously, the decisions we're making around weekly subscriptions and pricing is part of that. And the other part of it, of course, is what we're seeing on new user growth. And so, new user growth is getting stronger, but it's not to the point yet that we'd like to see it at, but we're driving that up further and further. And so, we continue doing that with marketing initiatives and with product initiatives. I think as that turns more positive, we'll be able to drive improved year-over-year payers growth as well. So, as we think about 2024, as I mentioned in an earlier answer, a lot of the volatility from the initiatives we're doing this year around revenue, around pricing and weekly subscription packages should have rolled off. And then, we expect to see a more balanced impact from payer increases next year as well as from revenue per payer increases. But I would caution that it really does depend on what we roll out from a product standpoint. So, for example, we're going to roll out -- we're intending to roll out the new premium tier late this year. That will be a driver of 2024 performance, and that is clearly a revenue per payer play, not specifically a payer play. So, we have to look at kind of what the product roadmap is to make some determinations. It's too early for us to kind of go through the whole product roadmap for 2024. We will provide more color on all of that in the upcoming quarters. But again, I would like to see, and we're targeting a more balanced contribution of payers and RPP to drive overall strong Tinder revenue growth next year. We're encouraged by the progress we've made on top-of-funnel, and that's clearly something we have our eyes squarely on. And we want to keep improving, which is what will help enable us to drive stronger year-over-year payer growth next year after this year being more of an RPP story. I hope that helps answer your questions.
Gary Swidler: Thanks for the question, John. So, what we're -- we saw in Q2 for Hinge and what we're expecting to see in Q3 and Q4, as you said, is really direct revenue growth acceleration through the course of the rest of the year. And there's really three things going on in the business that are kind of layering on top of each other that are leading to that revenue acceleration, and we've already seen it in the most recent quarter. The first is continued very strong user growth in core English-speaking markets. The second is user growth as a result of the expansion into new markets, particularly in Continental Europe. And the third is a variety of monetization initiatives that we've rolled out, including the new subscription tiers that we've talked about before that we rolled out earlier this year. And those are continuing to drive revenue growth from an expanding user base in the core English-speaking markets as well as the Continental European markets. So, that's why you see this effect of compounding revenue growth as we proceed forward with the Hinge business, and the visibility into that is fairly good at this point. The other thing that you asked about was weekly subscription packages. So as you know, we haven't had those across the portfolio in prior years. We've been rolling them out across a number of the brands over the course of this year. We started with a couple of our smaller brands. We saw real success there. We rolled them out to Tinder. We've obviously seen real success there as well. And so, it makes sense for us to use that knowledge and those learnings and roll them on to Hinge as well. It wasn't something that we were specifically planning for this year, but we decided to do that as well. We've rolled them out successfully over the last three-or-so weeks at Hinge. And we're seeing basically similar impact from weekly subscription at Hinge as what we've seen at the other brands. So, it's always slightly different at each brand, but in general, we're seeing improving conversion, improving renewal rates. And so, what that's doing is giving us confidence that we're going to hit approximately 40% year-over-year revenue -- direct revenue growth for Hinge for 2023, which will get us to around $400 million of revenue. And we'll see growth rates in Q3 and Q4 that are continuing to accelerate from what we saw in Q2. So, all systems go with an extra jolt of improvement at Hinge from the weekly subscription packages.
Gary Swidler: Sure. So, let me kind of unpack the revenue outlook. I stated in my remarks, right now, I think we're looking for 6% to 7% year-over-year total revenue growth for the Match Group, so above the bottom of that range and within the range that we provided the 5% to 10%. And that includes the 8% to 9% year-over-year revenue growth outlook that we provided for Q3. If you go further, we said Tinder is expected to deliver approximately 10% year-over-year direct revenue growth in Q3 and solidly double-digit, so assume better than the Q3 number in Q4 as we see continued acceleration in Tinder's growth. If Tinder is able to deliver solidly double-digit growth in Q4, it's logical to think that the overall company is going to deliver a similar kind of growth rate as well has been the general pattern, and that's how the math works out. And so, if you layer the Tinder growth and then you have Hinge, which is accelerating from the 35% that we have in Q2 and accelerating through the rest of the year. And then if you look at the other businesses, they're down mid-single digits is our expectation for Q3. So, I think we might see a little bit of improvement there. Certainly, there's a path for a little bit of improvement. And I think when you boil all that together, you've got the components that gets you to double-digit growth for the company in Q4 and then the 6% to 7% overall for the full year. So, I think those are all the pieces and tells you where we're going. And I would say that the clarity in all of this and our confidence continues to improve, which is obviously very good to see. And then, from an AOI margin perspective, the driver really is the level or the magnitude of Tinder growth. As it continues to grow, it's high-margin revenue, and that obviously is helping the overall company's AOI margin. So, sitting here today, we could see a path to at least 50 basis points of margin improvement on a year-over-year basis, 2023 over 2022. But obviously, that will be impacted by what Tinder and some of the other businesses do as the rest of the year progresses. And then, we also will have some decisions to make in terms of marketing spend levels at Tinder as we see the effects of all of its marketing and what it's doing from a user growth perspective, but obviously, it's helping. So, it's possible we're going to want to spend into that strength. And then, the newer apps like Archer and The League, if we see those take off like we're hoping in the back half of the year, it will make sense to spend marketing dollars into those businesses as well to help set us up for a strong Q1 next year, which is our most important quarter of the year, and to give us the right level of momentum into 2024. We've talked before, we didn't have the momentum we'd like to see coming into 2023, which made payer growth and revenue much more challenging in the early goings of 2023. So, we'd like to make sure we're set up well to drive accelerating revenue growth into 2024. I think the organic trends are obviously very good. But to the extent we can supplement it with marketing spend, we will do that to give us the momentum we want into 2024 as well. Hopefully, that helps you as you think through the trends on AOI and on revenue.
Gary Swidler: So, as I mentioned on the last call, I mean, I think the biggest variable is what level of growth we're going to get across the company and specifically at Tinder. We've seen a pretty dramatic acceleration just over the last three months versus what we were expecting, because the initiatives -- the revenue initiatives are really working better than we thought. So, we have to see how that continues to proceed through the year. But obviously, we're feeling better and better about the revenue growth trajectory at Tinder and, frankly, across the company where we've seen dramatic improvements, it's pretty much everywhere. So that's, I think, the biggest variable. And then on the other side of it is the marketing spend, primarily. I think everything else is pretty known in terms of what we're going to do; our hiring is pretty muted, you know what the App Store fees are going to be. And so, the biggest variable is marketing spend. It's obviously entirely within our control. But to focus on additional growth for 2024 and beyond, we're going to calibrate the growth that's being derived from the businesses, the benefits we see from the marketing spend we're doing and try to figure out what level of marketing investment we want to make in the various businesses in the -- towards the very end of this year. Obviously, we'll provide lots more color on what we think is going to happen in Q4 on our next call. But we're very happy to see the outperformance. That's giving us some really nice choices to make, and we're thrilled to be in that position right now.
Gary Swidler: Sure. Let me take that one. First of all, it's important to point out that weekly subs are new to us, and we're still learning from the trends we're seeing there, especially around renewals. We don't have as much data as we'd like. Obviously, we have much more data around monthly subscriptions and longer-term packages. So, you're right, it's newer, it's harder to manage, it's harder to determine the outlook. We've gotten better at it just over the last few months, and we'll continue to get better at it as we get more data and time goes on. And it's also important to point out that we don't really manage our outlook or we don't provide an outlook based on payers and revenue per payer. We provide it based on revenue, where we have a lot better visibility because, frankly, the revenue impact from the weekly subs has been much, much more stable. It has been the impact on the payer count that has been more challenging to analyze. So, we're providing the best outlook we can on payers and RPP drivers within revenue because people keep asking us about it. But the reality is we don't look at it that way as much as we do on the revenue side. That's what we're targeting. So, it has introduced more variability. It has made things more complicated. I do think it will get better. And you're also right, there is more churn. These people come on for a short time, they go off. And so, we're seeing that dynamic. But the good news is the conversion rates are up, the renewal rates are strong, and it is helping especially with younger users who are really liking the weekly subscription packages. And so that's a real positive for the business. And also, I'd point out that all of this is a testing process. The business is a dynamic business. We're constantly readjusting. We've introduced this new type of subscription package now, and there has been real demand for it. And so, we need to keep testing. And so right now, we're giving our best outlook for Q3 in terms of payers being better than they were sequentially than in Q2. It's still early to say what the impact is going to be on Q4. There's a lot of variables around kind of all these things working themselves through the payer system. But what I can tell people with a lot of certainty is the revenue growth is accelerating, and that's the main thing that we care about and are focused on. The revenue per payer is accelerating. And some of this variability is going to be reduced as we get towards the end of this year. So that will make things a little bit more kind of clearer from a visibility standpoint. And we'll provide as much updates and information as we can. But I would discourage people from using payers as a proxy for top-of-funnel strength. What we're seeing and what indicates that there is top-of-funnel strength is improvement in the new registrations or new user sign-ups and reactivation. And we provided that chart in the letter, which clearly indicates that a 10% year-over-year improvement from a growth rate perspective in those top-of-funnel metrics. That's showing us that we're bringing in more people in, which is very critical, and we're going to continue to drive marketing and product initiatives to do that, which should continue to help us grow from a top-of-funnel perspective. Obviously, we can continue to convert those people and that will ultimately drive payers, and that's something we're going to -- we're expecting to see over the coming quarters, which will help drive payers and ultimately contribute to revenue. That is the metric that we're focused on to see the overall health of the business. The payers, we can impact that by pricing decisions we make and product decisions we make. If we rolled out $1 subscription, the payer numbers would go up, but it might not be revenue enhancing. So, we've got to consistently test and adjust to drive overall revenue for the business, not specifically a metric like payers or even RPP. And that's the way that we think about the business and think about how to drive long-term value for shareholders.
Gary Swidler: Hopefully, that's helpful, Jason. We are glad you're safe and were able to join the call. And we thank everyone for joining this morning, and we look forward to talking to you all again on the next earnings call. Thank you so much.
Bernard Kim: Thanks, Alexandra, for the question. So, if you actually look at Tinder today, it's really similar to the product that was launched 10 years ago. I tried the app when I was in Los Angeles about 10 years ago, and I tried the app today and it felt pretty similar. So, what I've done is I've challenged the teams to make Tinder feel more vibrant and alive, going through like an overall and potential refresh of the product experience. What the teams were able to do creatively is to look at ways to bring more depth into member profiles and also keep that core experience intact. This is actually coming from extensive testing with our core users and direct feedback from Gen Z and our younger users. I think this experience will have a more modern look and feel and drive engagement, which will lead to more success on the platform and more conversations. But there is a balancing act here. The swipe is critical for Tinder's identity and experience, and people come in to swipe profiles. People love it. So, I want to make sure that members engage in more meaningful ways, so we have to make sure that we're balancing that swipe experience with a great UX that delivers a new experience that resonates with the new generation of users. And I really believe we've nailed it. I feel really positive about the work that our product and design teams have done together, and we'll be rolling that over the next couple of months.
Bernard Kim: Thanks, Mario, for the question. Our Tinder roadmap was designed and structured in a way that we could focus on delivery that could drive real wins for us in the first half of the year and build momentum for us throughout the entire year. We're successful in rolling out pricing optimizations and weekly subscriptions, and that has built that freedom and momentum to really think creatively about what we deliver for the second half of the year. So, I'm really actually excited about some of the great initiatives that we have in the second half of the year, like the product refresh that I mentioned earlier and also the launch of our premium experience. Tinder Coins is still on the roadmap, and we're currently testing and it's an iterative process to figure out what the best value proposition for our members. So, we're testing it right now, but we don't see it contributing to 2023 revenue. But when I generally think about the features on the roadmap, I have to make prioritization decisions. And with the advent of generative AI and the excitement and enthusiasm that we're seeing across all of our different teams, I've made the call to prioritize generative AI initiatives with Tinder over other initiatives like Coins. And I think that will deliver value to our members sooner. Thanks for the question.
Bernard Kim: Thanks for the question, Dan. The general concept is that we are providing an experience for a small percentage of our Tinder members. And the value proposition is basically give these members a better way to get high-quality matches faster and sooner and make the experience overall even more fun. We've been actually testing multiple components of this experience with our members today, and we're seeing actually real benefits. So I'm personally really excited about these testing results. It's really early right now, so we don't know what the final pricing is yet. But at a high level, if you actually take a small fraction of our payers at higher price points, you actually get a number that's in the tens of millions of dollars on an annual basis. So I think that's actually pretty impactful. This is an area that I have a lot of experience in, where a small segment of users drive a high amount of monetization. So, this I see as a real opportunity for us.
Bernard Kim: Thanks, Shweta, for that question. This has been a really exciting moment for our company, Match Group. AI has really inspired our technologists and product people across the entire company to really think about ways that we can create new experiences, but also solve for key dating, what I call, kind of pain points. So, what I've kind of harnessed that like energy and the data that we have as an organization around delivering great products over the next couple of months that solve against some of these problems. So, I'll use Tinder as an example. Sometimes people are really excited to jump into the Tinder experience. They downloaded off the App Store. And then, in that exact moment where you have to upload five pictures, people get generally nervous or uncomfortable, like, "What is the right picture that I've taken over the last year to make my dating profile great?" So sometimes those people just literally turn out of the process and say, "Maybe dating apps are not for me." We could use AI, and we're actually creating a photo selection feature that we're testing that can take out the stress away, that can look at your photo album and say, "Okay, these are the five best photos for your Tinder profile," but also still like remaining authentic to that person and the profile that they want to create. I really think that AI can help our users build better profiles in a more efficient way that really do showcase their personalities and stand out in the marketplace. When it comes to the organization, we have a lot of different teams kind of like raising their hand and saying, hey, like, I want to work on some really exciting AI ideas. But internally, we've created these centers of excellence where AI engineers are coming together and collaborating on features that I think could benefit multiple brands across the portfolio. An example I would use is Hyperconnect is actually working on AI features for Tinder. And then in E&E, our teams are working on AI features that are -- that could be great for Plenty of Fish, Meetic, Match and OkCupid. So there's a lot of creative ideas and concepts that we're currently testing, and we plan to roll out these features in the coming months. We know that this is a really big opportunity that can have like a really meaningful impact on users, their experience and our business. But at the same time, we have to be really thoughtful about making sure that we're giving the right thought to authenticity and ethical and privacy concerns. So, we're doing all those different things as we roll out these features. Thanks for the question, Shweta.
Bernard Kim: Thanks, James. Great question. The Japanese market has remained challenging for us. What we can do is put the right team in place, and we're really excited about the new CEO that has joined us and is overseeing Pairs. I think he's going to do a really fantastic job. In tandem with that, it's really great that Malgosia is on the ground running the business. And she really has hit the ground running, meeting with all the different teams and then instituting product changes that I think will be impactful in the marketplace. So, we're exploring all the different options that we can do to jumpstart the business in Japan. But what we're really excited about in the short term is being able to advertise for the first time on TV in Japan. We actually believe that this channel unlock could be really meaningful. And you're right in saying that we are ready, the second that, that is available with the Pairs marketing campaign that we're really excited about to be on television for the first time. Thanks for the question.
Bernard Kim: Thanks, Brian, for the question. We're really proud of the Archer team and the experience that we're providing for gay daters. When it comes to an indication on how it's performing, it's still really early. It's only been live in the New York market for about 10 days, but daters are happily creating profiles right now. Our plan continues to be that we plan to roll out nationwide by the end of this year. When it comes to marketing, I'm really inspired by the approach that the team has taken. They're doing events with social influencers. They just recently had a big event on Fire Island in New York City, and we're really excited about the creative marketing efforts that the teams are executing against. Thanks for the question.
