Gary Swidler: Yes. So -- yes. Look, I would say -- I mean, look, it's a little bit everywhere, right? We're not back to normal, as Shar said. We're not seeing the strength in new users yet. And so that is affecting the business everywhere. It's most pronounced in Japan, where we have a pretty significant shortfall in 2021 versus what we were expecting Japan to contribute. We have the #1 and #2 apps in payers and Tinder. So it's a meaningful number when you aggregate the effect on our 2021 in Japan versus what we were thinking. And that's going to carry through into 2022 because, as Shar said, that market has nowhere near gone back to normal. Aside from Japan, there's a couple of other markets in Asia. Korea is also very strictly enforcing restrictions around the pandemic. And so that's another market which has clearly not gone back to normal. And there's other ones in Asia as well that are smaller for us. Even India hasn't fully bounced back. As an example, it's better than it was at the depths, but it's improved meaningful, but it's still down significantly from pre-pandemic. So there's a number of markets, especially across Asia, where there are some lingering effect, but Japan is really the most meaningful one for us.
Gary Swidler: Sure. Happy to do that, and good to hear your voice. First of all, I would just point out that as a general matter, it's not unusual for us to see kind of limited sequential growth in payers Q4 over Q3. So overall, the trend is not atypical for us. And then I would point out to a number of factors to think about as you look at the Q4 payers' numbers and results. The first, what you rightly point out, is Omicron, right? We saw a spike kind of in that early part of December, especially in some of the Western markets, and it did affect our payer numbers starting in December. So there was a change in trend after Omicron burst onto the scene. And so that's a big part of what happened at the end of Q4. We've called out many times kind of the lingering COVID impacts we see in some markets that haven't returned back to normal, Asia, particularly Japan. That's another factor around payers and the performance in Q4. And then I also mentioned that we had reduced marketing spend because we just couldn't hit our ROI hurdles, especially with some of our marketing heavy brands. Match, as an example, and others of the established brands were impacted in Q4 as we pulled back on marketing spend to protect our return expectation. So those things, I think, together are the key trends that we saw. Looking at Q1, we're not expecting a massive shift in some of those things. We still have Omicron lingering. We feel like we're getting closer to the end, but it continues to be an issue in a number of markets. And as we said in the earlier remarks, it hasn't even really worked its way through the Asia markets, Korea, Japan, they've got the hatches battened down to prepare for it, and that's going to affect deal's behavior in those markets.  So while we're moving through it in the West, you still got to go through it in some of the Asian markets. And so that's going to be an effect here in early 2022. And then hopefully, we'll get through this and we'll have an inflection point in the pandemic and in the impact on people's social lives and dating. The only other thing which I just want to add is that -- and we say this all the time, we don't manage our results for specific payer growth or RPP growth or whatever. We're managing it for revenue growth. And so we are making trade-offs all the time in terms of price optimizations and so forth. And so that does move the payers' numbers around? I called out one in my remarks around discounting at Tinder that we're adjusting policies there. So you're going to continue to see us make those decisions. That could have effects on payer numbers, but ultimately, we think are the right thing to do for the business and certainly to grow revenue the way we want to grow revenue.
Gary Swidler: Sure. Happy to do that. So look, I would say that our outlook for right now is assuming that we gradually come out of the Omicron impacts by geography, first, in the West, Europe and the U.S. and then ultimately, in Asia. And I think that's going to take some time into the second quarter. A little hard to tell if maybe Asia handles things differently once they've seen what people have done over here. But right now, that's our assumption. And as we come out of the Omicron impact, what we're assuming is that activity behavior goes back to pre-Omicron levels, but not back to pre-pandemic levels. So kind of the fog of Omicron lifts, and we go back to where we thought we were in October of last year as opposed to where we were in 2019, as an example.  Now that could be a wrong assumption because I don't know how people are going to behave depending on how confident they feel, how much of an end we reached to all of this, let's say, sometime in the spring. And so that is a swing factor in our outlook, but we're not assuming a huge summer of love right now in our outlook that would clearly provide upside or at least the ability to reach the higher ends of the outlook, if that happened.  I think it's entirely possible. I know a lot of people feel like as soon as we get to those warm summer months, there's going to be a real big wave, but we're not forecasting that at the moment until we see some evidence that really this is over, and that is how people are going to behave, but we'll have to wait and see. Right now, we're more sober on our forecast because we've been head-faked a few times, and it's been going on for a long time, and no one's had a great ability to predict kind of what the pandemic brings and what the effects are. So that's how we're forecasting, but we remain very optimistic that people are going to want to go out and date and socialize in big numbers once they feel the risk is down and they're ready to do that. And we clearly have not gotten to that yet. We're hoping it happens kind of in the summer months, spring and summer months, but remains to be seen. I would also just say on our forecast that we don't have a significant amount included for kind of key new initiatives that Tinder -- the Tinder virtual goods as an example. We don't have a lot included for Hinge International because those are really more '23 items in our minds than 2022. But to the extent we're able to accelerate some of those or we see bigger impact early on than we are currently anticipating, that could also be a swing factor on our second half, on our overall 2022. So those are some of the puts and takes there. We're trying to quantify how much Japan has cost us. As I said, we've got the #1, #2 apps. Our Pairs app has felt a significant amount of impact. Tinder has felt some. I don't have a great estimate, but it wouldn't surprise me if it's $35 million, $40 million of impact on our 2021 that we would have seen that revenue had Japan been operating more normally. So it is a big market for us. It's a big contributor, and the impact is pretty meaningful. And I don't think we're going to get that recovery really in the first half of this year. We'll see if we get it in the second half.
Gary Swidler: I am not sure we caught all of that question because there was a little bit of feedback on the line. But let me kind of take a shot at it. First of all, if we get the Google savings, we've talked about this generally on App Store, so I wouldn't say it's just specific to Google. But obviously, we're going to look at how to deploy any changes they make. We have the ability to return some of that to customers in the form of discounting to them. We also will have higher return on our marketing spend because we'll be paying less to the Stores. And so we'll be able to spend more into marketing, which should enhance our growth.  So there's a number of things that we can do with any savings that we achieve from the App Stores over time. And like we said, we remain optimistic at some of that's coming, but this is a slow process on the regulatory front. And so right now, we have not made any further assumptions around that in our numbers for 2022.
Gary Swidler: Yes. The only other thing I would add kind of on Google and its potential policy change, is that Shar said, you've got all these countries and jurisdictions saying, mandatory IAP is not acceptable. It's illegal in Korea, et cetera. It seems very surprising to me that in the face of all that, Google would make a global change and make IAP mandatory on March 31. That's just this kind of defies logic to me. But they'll have to make the decision they make, and then we'll have to see kind of what makes sense in reaction to that.  So we'll see how that plays out over the next couple of months. But that's how I sort of handicap just given where the trends are blowing, which are very, very clear, as Shar said. The U.S. Senate subcommittee has taken up a bill around -- or is taking up a bill around this as well. It just seems very hard for me to believe that they would require people to use their payment system in that environment. But we'll see how it plays out.
Gary Swidler: Sure. Let me take a shot at that, and Shar certainly can add. First of all, we continue to make great, great progress working with Hyperconnect. We have a lot of confidence in the team and their innovation. Our teams are collaborating really well globally. We're learning from them. They're learning from us. So it's really going well from that standpoint. And we think they are very quick on product. They're innovative. They move fast. So that's all great from our perspective. In terms of investment, we continue to look at that. We are investing and adding people to help them build some of the things that we want to plug in across our apps. And all of that is kind of baked into our numbers for the year. And I said Hyperconnect is going to be better than breakeven even with all of that investment included, so we'll continue to hopefully see margins improve from there as we get the operating leverage on the investment and on their capabilities. In terms of kind of what's happened so far, just to give you some concrete examples, we rolled audio and video rooms and one-to-one video chat using their technology onto 2 of our apps, Match and Meetic, thus far. If you use the European business, Meetic, as the example, what we call the live cafe with audio and video, has been really well received by their user base. Usage of the features continues to grow. People are returning to engage with the product. The feedback is very positive.  And so we're very excited about how that's all going. And in fact, we're planning a major live event at Meetic on the technology for Valentine's Day. So that's another good example of an event that's coming up that uses the technology and to be current. So that's an example of kind of engagement and how that's going, and Meetic and Hyperconnect are continuing to build out capabilities and features and working hand in glove. And so it's great not only for the user base, but also going well from a collaborative standpoint. At Match, if you want to use that as an example, we did replace a third-party vendor's technology on the video side with Hyperconnect. And so not only did that lead to some cost savings for us, but also it means we have much more responsiveness to changes we want to make and things we want to try. We think the product overall is much better using Hyperconnect. And so having that in-house has led to not only cost savings, which you asked about, but also benefits in terms of the overall quality that we're excited about. So when you look at both what's happened at Match and Meetic with Hyperconnect technology thus far, we're extremely encouraged. And what that's doing is it's leading us to have more confidence to roll that out on more of our apps. And so we're planning to bring that out into our Pairs app and a part of it into our Plenty of Fish app over the coming time. And so we'll continue to roll it out across the portfolio. And as you alluded to, we are thinking about what we might do at Tinder. And so more to come on that topic. But obviously, there's great potential there if we can find some things to leverage from Hyperconnect into the Tinder platform, and we are looking at that. We think Explore provides a great place to try some of those features and technologies. So much, much more to come, but I think from a collaborative standpoint, from a using-their-technology standpoint across our apps, things are tracking according to plan, if not maybe ahead of it, and it's really going as well as we could have expected.
Gary Swidler: In terms of the age-based pricing and changing that discount, first of all, that is done in certain large markets for us like the U.S., that has been eliminated. So the big one now that's happening in Q1 is in the U.K. And so there will be a pronounced impact on payers in Q1 from that change in the U.K. that you're going to see. And we are going to move that through a couple of other European markets as well. And then there's a couple in Asia where we have to make those changes. And I think New Zealand is another one. So there's a handful. Some are smaller, some are larger. But there is going to be a noticeable kind of pronounced impact on payers at Tinder outside of the U.S. coming in Q1, and it will probably continue into Q2. But like I said, we'll manage that in a way that we think it will be largely revenue neutral, but it will have some notable effect on payers in the beginning part of the year, for sure.
Gary Swidler: Yes. I mean, I think on their performance, like we said, it did get better in December, certainly an improvement versus October and November despite the fact that we saw some real FX headwinds there. So some of that was rolling out a few things that started to show some traction, live streaming on Azar being one. And as I've said, we're focusing more on some of the Asian markets where we're seeing better performance. Despite COVID, I think the Asian markets, Korea, Japan have been better for Hyperconnect than some of the Middle Eastern markets.  So we're adjusting focus. We're helping them in a few fronts, and that seems to be starting to pay off, both on the marketing side as well as on the product side. And we've had teams focused on this now for a little while. And so we're seeing improvement. And they've innovated with some new product features. That seem to be working. So that's giving us some optimism going into 2022, more work to do.  Right now, where -- our outlook still is for a relatively flat performance in Q1 and Q2 on the Hyperconnect side. And we think as these initiatives and more to come, start to bear fruit, we'll start to see a reacceleration of growth into Q3 and Q4 in the back half of the year. And that, of course, doesn't include all the great stuff they're doing for us across the portfolio, which is meaningful as well. So we feel great about how Hyperconnect's scaling. And we know there's more work to do, and we're very focused on it at this point. 
Gary Swidler: I think that that's it, given that we're getting close to the bottom of the hour. So really appreciate everybody joining for this call. I hope everyone stays well and safe out there, and we look forward to talking to you in the warm spring months in May, where we'll be looking forward to a great summer. Thanks very much.
Shar Dubey: I can take that, Gary. Lauren, Hinge is one of the best designed products for what I call [intentioned] dating. And that sort of reflects in how rich the profile is, the way you consume them, the way you communicate on the platform. And the team has kept innovating and pulling ahead of competition every year.  The way they implemented audio, which -- basic audio, for instance, but they did it in the form of voice prompts and how that became such a resonant in socially viral feature is an example of how they approach product development. And this particular product, I think, has a pretty big resonance among a large segment of audience. It is differentiated in the market. And that's what gives us confidence about the international rollout. On monetization specifically, Hinge has made real progress on RPP, as you know, this past year. And we certainly don't think it's near its feeling. But our expectation this year in 2022 is for Hinge to do over $300 million in revenue. And it's going to be driven by both strong payer growth as well as continued growth in RPP.
Shar Dubey: I can add more. I think you had questions about sort of what are the key legislations around the world. So there has been a lot of momentum on this issue. Mandatory IAP is now deemed illegal in South Korea and more recently, in Netherlands under both Dutch and more importantly, EU law. It has been surprising to see Apple's response of noncompliance in these countries despite the EUR 5 million per week fine they are now subject to in Netherlands. More consequentially, here in the U.S., just end of last week, 35 state attorney generals and the DOJ filed an Amicus Brief supporting Epic's position and opined that, that decision was wrongly decided. Also this week, the Open App Markets Act that addresses App Store policies, including IAP, which seems to have bipartisan support in the Senate, is expected to move out of committee, hopefully, this week. So there's little that both sides agree to these days. The fact that this has such bipartisan support shows how unfair and inequitable some of these policies are deemed to be. So as Gary said, the timing of all of this regulation and legislative changes are hard to predict. It is the single -- the App Store fees are the single biggest expense line for us at the moment. They exceeded $550 million last year. They're going to increase meaningfully this year. And we remain optimistic that change is coming. And obviously, there's a lot of good we can do with that in addition to margin expansion, reinvestment, et cetera.
Shar Dubey: Maybe I'll start with the Tinder coins, and then Gary can jump in. Shweta, the Tinder coins is currently testing in 12 markets. And the use cases are both for incentivizing certain core actions and also increasing access to existing revenue products. And we are seeing some increased engagement and retention from these incentives. And there's a bunch of testing going on, on various sort of monetization experiences. The plan is to accelerate the rollout in Q2 and be globally out by Q3. However, the biggest value of coins to us is its ability to power new economies such as the virtual goods. And that is a whole new construct that we are hoping to be able to test in the back half of the year, and hence, we're not counting on any sort of meaningful contribution to 2022 revenue, it's more a 2023-and-beyond revenue contribution.
Shar Dubey: Yes. I can take a shot at that. So you're right. Right now, we're focused on the metaverse as it relates to the experience on the smartphone and not any other hardware-enabled experiences. So that's to clarify. Now the technology that is relevant to our world is the one that allows us to create experiences online where people can meet each other, discover each other, more serendipitously and real time through shared experiences in a way that is more akin to how they would do in real life versus the profile-sorting experience that exists today. And so that’s sort of what Metaverse allows us to do and why we think that's relevant in our world. Imagine sort of a virtual club in the app where your digital self can walk around, check out live, different rooms. They meet others listening to the same music. You can strike up a conversation with someone. You can tap and check out their full profile. You can like them, message them later. And so that's sort of the -- how we envision the Metaverse experience leading to the dating context and the dating experience in our app. Now in terms of the types of underlying technology that's needed to enable these experiences, this is what the Hyperconnect team has been innovating on, right? Beyond just the real-time live, low-latency video, audio technology that they have, there are additional technology elements, everything from what's -- the pieces of the virtual human technology, the virtual fraud technology, also live audio and video connection based on location -- connections that are based on locations on a map, for instance, and so on. So that hopefully gives you some clarity on how we're thinking about the Metaverse world.
