Bernard Kim: Thanks, Nathan, for that question. I really like how you framed it around stacking Tinder product improvements. Our work is really a combination of product initiatives building on each other over time. And this is reinforced with really strong marketing that is helping drive stabilization and start contributing to improvements on the back half of this year. The trust and safety moves that we made last year are one of -- is a great example of stacking initiatives, which we know were the right decisions. And the good news is we've worked through a lot of those -- a lot of that noise and has led to better user outcomes and say that the user base has stabilized, retention is improving and growing and we're making strides in top of funnel again. It's a really exciting time period for Tinder.
Bernard Kim: Great. Let me take a stab at describing the progress that we're making in Tinder. The turnaround is in progress and we're seeing great momentum. The team is super nimble when it comes to making decisions as some changes work and some changes don't, but the product velocity continues to be strong. We're making behind the scene improvements like recommendation changes and that's increasing user engagement and doing really positive things with driving better user outcomes. At the same time, the marketing velocity continues to be strong. Like Gary mentioned, we continue to market and we're solidifying Tinder's brand position in the marketplace. We're investing in product marketing where it matters most. If I were to describe the green shoots that you were looking for, the things that get me really excited is when product and marketing really come together. A good example of that is what's happening right now with the Olympics. We're actually seeing a 25% increase in swipe activity in France and a 105% increase in Tinder Passport mode and that activity that's happening in Paris. We actually purposefully unbundled Tinder Passport. So anyone around the world can teleport into Paris and interact with real athletes. And that's with integrated marketing at the same time, something that I'm really proud of. Our Olympics content that our marketing team has been working on has seen over 15 million impressions and over 10 million views. It's super exciting. Now we have a clear vision for Tinder's future and I can't wait to share more around that in our upcoming Investor Day.
Bernard Kim: Vertical swiping in Tinder is something that I'm super passionate about. I really believe it can lead to a more fulsome experience and deeper profile discovery. But when it comes to big changes in Tinder, these things do not happen overnight and they really need to be tested properly. For example, for swipe up, there is super valuable real estate given it currently has ALC connected to it. And then swipe down to Explore, we have an opportunity to really revamp the entire Explorer experience to make it more social, more alive and more fun. These iterative changes require deep testing. We have the right team that's on it and they're tireless around innovation, also making sure we understand the full impact to the ecosystem. I do think in '24, we did take a moment in time to evaluate the entire user experience. And I believe as well as the team believes that it can be a more elegant experience, and that's super important to our teams. Currently, right now, our central innovation team is working together with the Tinder team and leaning in on that user experience. And the things that I'm seeing from them are really exciting and I think it will lead to an overall better and more elegant experience.
Bernard Kim: Our ongoing effort with trust and safety are critical to the success of the long-term ecosystem at Tinder. When it comes to your question on what inning we're in, there literally is no end game. We're continually looking at improving user experiences. We have the best when it comes to trust and safety and platform and talent that are working on it. And we're making the right decisions every single day with a focus on better user outcomes. But this is not a linear journey and the work literally never ends. For example, we're continually thinking about big bold features like mandated face photos, which we are going to test and then also new technologies around authenticating users. As for perception improvement, it's something that we're really zeroed in on. And like we said in the letter and I'm going to try to do my best with regards to showcasing this impressive stat. But for women in the US aged 18 to 30, brand perception for Tinder is a place where I can find meaningful connections is up nearly 50%. And at the same time, Tinder's hookup stigma has fallen by 20%. This is tremendous progress with the demographic that our marketing teams are speaking directly to. So I'm really proud of these efforts.
Bernard Kim: Hinge is an absolute rocket ship for Match Group, and it's on track to become a $1 billion plus revenue business. We're super pleased with its current performance and the continual investment in product as well as in marketing and global expansion. But the team is not resting on its laurels. We're continually building out new features and improving user experiences. Examples of that are things that are in test and fully rolled out like Top Photo and Photo Finder, which utilize best-in-class AI. I'm really impressed by the team's vision of incorporating AI into the full user experience and in every touch point of the Hinge user experience. Our future road map will utilize AI to really fulfill that Hinge's North Star around getting people on great dates even faster. So there's continued momentum and we're continuing to invest in Hinge's growth.
Bernard Kim: I can take the Starboard section, but we've had some initial interactions with Starboard, which were typical with interactions that we've had with other potential investors. Then as you all know, on July 15, they shared that they were a large shareholder and published a letter. Now we believe that the topics raised by Starboard are already key areas of focus for our teams and are things that we have actually heard from other significant shareholders as well. These three areas are returning Tinder to growth, improving margins and returning more capital to shareholders. We've been taking significant steps in all three of these areas, including investing in Tinder product and marketing to drive growth, reducing headcount and undertaking tech replatforming to drive margins and then redeploying 75% of our free cash flow to buy back shares. We continue to look forward to engaging with all of our shareholders and then getting their input on how we can continue to drive shareholder value.
Gary Swidler: Thanks for the question, Jason. Let me jump in and try to address it. So just a few things to point out. I mean if you look historically, I think, what you'll see is that we commonly see sequential improvement in payers Q3 over Q2, and it's really because of two reasons which are actually related to one another. The first is that Q3 tends to be strong seasonally because it includes the summer vacation season, which is an active season for dating. And it also includes the back-to-school period where college students return to campus and also start to date actively. And we actually take advantage of the fact that people are focused on dating in that Q3 period by rolling out a lot of new features and initiatives in that period. And we often even reinforce that with marketing spend to call attention to the apps and to the new features. So Q3 does tend to be very seasonally strong for us. When you look at Q4 by contrast, it tends to be a weaker period than Q3, and that's because people tend to start focusing on the holiday period and thinking about the holidays, whether it's Thanksgiving in the US, Christmas across the world et cetera, and they focus less on dating. And so we lose a lot of the fourth quarter as people think about other activities besides dating. And of course, we tend not to roll out as many product initiatives in that fourth quarter and we generally tend to pull back on marketing, both because the audience isn't as focused and also because, of course, Q4 tends to be a much more expensive period to market against holiday marketing and so we tend to reduce our marketing spend in that quarter. And so you're right that when you look at kind of typically what happens Q3 to Q4 from a user and a payer perspective, we do tend to see some level of sequential weakness in Q4 over Q3 after the strength we've seen Q3 over Q2. I would say that this year, we plan to follow a similar pattern from the marketing perspective. We've got the new global marketing campaign going at Tinder, which is seeing great success and I would expect us to invest into marketing in Q3. But then given the holiday period, I would expect us to pull back on a year-over-year basis and, frankly, sequentially in Q4 as well on the marketing side. So those are just some of the factors to consider as you think about the seasonal trends. And I think you're also right that as we think about 2025 and it's early and so we'll provide more of an outlook on 2025 as we get a little bit later into this year as we typically do. But I think that with the stabilized now base at Tinder, we would expect a return to more seasonal trends in 2025 as we've seen historically. So I think you're right for both the rest of '24 and '25 from a seasonality perspective. I hope that answers your question.
Gary Swidler: On your question about 2025, I'm going to resist the temptation to provide our outlook now and wait as we typically do until the fall period to do that. But I would say the following, which is we've been pretty clear that 2024 needed to be a year of progress. First, stabilizing things and then starting to show improvement. And I think if you look at the outlook we're providing, and as BK mentioned in his remarks, that's exactly what's happening in the business. We've reached a point of stabilizing users. We think it will get better on a year-over-year basis as we get into the back half of this year. And you can also see the same thing following through in payer trends, as you would expect, stabilization and an expectation for improvement. And so we're checking the boxes here that we expected to check in that regard. And obviously we don't consider that to be enough. We need to get back to improving MAU and improving payers on a year-over-year basis. And so we're going to continue to take those steps. We think that it will continue to improve through this year and into next. And it's incumbent on Tinder to continue to drive its product and marketing efforts to accomplish that, to drive better users, as we said earlier, to have products out there that people are excited about, that they tell their friends about that they return to Tinder for. And as that happens, user growth will increase and ultimately, payer growth will increase. And that is really the key that has to happen. I think we're seeing the green shoots as BK said, the first signs of that. It's still very early and which is why I'm resisting the temptation to go further in our outlook. But we feel good about where we are right now, and we feel like we'll continue to make the progress we need to make to position ourselves for a better 2025.
Gary Swidler: Sure, Dan. I'm happy to try to do that. I would say that the momentum on Tinder payers has really been strengthening over the last several months. And when you look at Q2 as a whole on payers, the period was down sequentially by 78,000. But if we look kind of on a month-over-month basis inside that quarter, we've actually seen very solid sequential payer growth from April to May and May to June. And to your question, giving you a little sneak peek into Q3, we've actually seen continued payer strength from June into July. So I believe the sequential payer trends are very positive and that's what's giving us confidence that we're going to be able to have a strong period of sequential net adds for Tinder in Q3. Now it's only one month into the quarter. So I'll caution you, we still got work to do to get through August and September. So we're not done yet. But I believe that we're positioned to deliver on the 250,000 sequential net adds that we provided in our outlook, which would be an improvement in the year-over-year growth rate, which is really what I'm focused on, getting from negative 8% in Q2, which we just reported to something closer to negative 5% in Q3.
Gary Swidler: So again, I'm going to try to return the thinking back to the year-over-year growth and the progress we're trying to make on payers in that regard and again, trying to get from negative 8% in Q2 to negative 5% in Q3. And even though we're not really at the point of providing Q4 outlook, saying that, as I said in the answer to the earlier question, we want to make more progress. We're expecting there to be more progress on a year-over-year basis in Q4. And so we think we'll do something better than negative 5% year-over-year in Q4. And I think if you do the math, you have to get, we have to get to something better than negative 1% in Q4 on a year-over-year basis to have sequential payer growth in the quarter. And I think that's a fairly tall order. I think that it's not off the table. I'm not going to take it off the table, but I think it's a fairly tall order. And frankly the outlook that we've provided for the full year doesn't assume that we're going to do better than that in Q4 and so that would exceed our current expectations. And again there's a significant amount of seasonality. If you look back on Tinder's performance over the years on payers, Q4 over Q3, even if you look at Hinge's performance on payers, Q4 over Q3 last year, if you remember, it was a weaker period than it has historically been because it is typical to see a seasonal pattern for the reasons that I explained in Jason's question. And so I just don't think that's the right way to look at it. You have to expect seasonal pressure Q4 over Q3 as people focus on the holidays, but I do expect to see continued improvement on a year-over-year basis. And I think it's important because that's what's going to position us for better performance going into Q1 on a year-over-year basis, payers revenue and position us for a stronger '25 than what we've had in 2024. And I think those are the important things to keep in mind.
Gary Swidler: Maybe just on the part about revenue. I would say we have a lot of features planned to be tested at Tinder in the fourth quarter. They're not really expected to be revenue generators in Q4 for 2024. They're really being tested and positioned for 2025. So our revenue outlook for the year really doesn't depend on these features contributing in any meaningful way to 2024.
Gary Swidler: Sure, Cory. Why don't I take that one. I know there's a lot of moving pieces to this and it's a little bit complicated. So let me try to step through it. Just to clarify, first of all, we really have two pieces where we have live streaming. We've got a stand-on app, Hakuna, in Asia, which focuses on providing live streaming in Japan and Korea. And then we provide live streaming services alongside some of our dating business in PlentyOfFish primarily in a couple of the other US-based apps. And those are the businesses that we're planning to exit here in the third quarter. And what I would say on live streaming is they basically have the same types of expenses as we see in our other dating businesses. But there's one significant difference, which is we need to provide a revenue share to the live streamers. And that can be 20% or even more of the revenue. And so that's an extra expense that we really don't see in our dating business. And as a result of that, the margins in live streaming are probably in the 20s percent range for a business at that scale versus our dating business, which, as you know, can be 30% or higher from a margin perspective. So there's a significant difference in the economics of the live streaming business versus the dating business. In addition to them having lower margins, it's become much more challenging to grow live streaming in our apps over the last few years because there's been significant competition from very well-funded players including most of the big social media platforms and I, of course, point at TikTok as the most significant dominant player in the space. And so when we entered into live streaming a few years ago and the world was different, it was pre-COVID and everything else, but live streaming at that point, we thought provided an attractive kind of adjacent additional source of revenue for us. And right now, this year, we expected roughly a $60 million revenue contribution from live streaming. But growing that revenue base has become much, much more challenging in the face of the competition and the changed landscape and dynamics that we're facing. And not only that, but to reach the scale that we need to reach, to achieve even reasonable margins from our perspective, was going to take a significant amount of investment for a significant number of years, even in the best case scenario. And so when you boil it down, we felt that these businesses are not strategic to what we do. It's not likely, they're not likely to be revenue growth enhancing and they're likely to be margin dilutive for a long period of time. It makes more sense in our minds to exit those businesses now. And in fact, what we can do is, we can redeploy some of the great talent we have in these businesses into other businesses of ours where we have a much stronger position. And so we made that decision, and we're foregoing the $60 million of revenue which for next year probably will create a one to two point revenue growth headwind for us but these were AOI drags this year. And so when we look at the margin impact for next year, I think we can expect at least a 50 basis points improvement in the margins as a result of exiting these businesses. So we'll factor all that into everything else we're thinking about for next year, but the move to exit now should create a 50 basis point tailwind for us on the margin side. And the only other thing I wanted to make sure people are clear on, and BK alluded to it in his remarks, as a result of our decision to exit live streaming and some other things that we're doing around the portfolio, we're expecting to reduce our workforce by 6%, net of people that were moving into other businesses and that we're retaining. And so that should lead to $13 million of savings, which is on top of the savings that we've already talked about and that we're planning to achieve by full year 2026 from the replatforming at the E&E businesses. So I just want to make sure people understand all the moving pieces around the efficiencies because there are quite a few of them. So I hope that helps answer your question and I appreciate the question.
Gary Swidler: I think on the second part of the question, Shweta, you really have to think of kind of the trajectory of Tinder, as BK said earlier, of being driven by a series of things, not just one particular thing. And it's really on product and on marketing. And so we've cleaned up the ecosystem. That has helped. It's led to a stabilization now in users. That is helping the physics of the business in terms of payer trends et cetera. The marketing is really resonating. I think that the sense of Tinder is a place where people can meet people is really improving. The perception of the app continues to improve. All that marketing spend that we've done on the brand over the last year plus has really started to pay benefits. And so all of that is contributing as well as a series of product initiatives and things that we're doing, whether those are optimizations which we continue to do or whether those are other feature changes as well. And so it's really a bunch of things starting to work at Tinder, which frankly has been the plan all along that it was going to be a multifaceted approach that wasn't going to be one silver bullet, but rather be a series of initiatives, product and marketing working together to drive improvement at Tinder. And I think that's what you're really starting to see the fruits of here as we expect the third quarter to shape up.
Gary Swidler: Thanks, Ben. Let me jump in and take that. Look, I think that 75% plus return is the right level for the company to commit to and that remains our stated commitment. But the Board evaluates the right amount for us to be deploying for buybacks on an ongoing basis. They are very involved in this aspect of the business. They look at our share price. They look at our business outlook. They look at a variety of factors and we try to make a determination of what the right level to buy back is. And as you rightly pointed out, we bought back just over 100% through the first half of the year. So we've been more aggressive. And obviously that was in part because our share price in our mind was very low relative to the opportunity we see for the company over the coming years. So it's not an immediate one quarter thing, but we think over the long-term, we're going to feel good about having bought a lot of stock back at these levels. And so we factor all of that in and we'll continue to do so as we move forward. As far as the dividend goes, it's an interesting question. As you're probably aware, some very successful large growth companies have implemented dividends over the last little while. And we think it's a logical thing to do as a component of the capital return. So dividends working alongside buybacks to drive return for shareholders. It's something that we have thought about and continue to think about, but we don't think that now is the time to do it and we're steadfastly focused on buybacks at this point in time. So that is unchanging at the moment. But if there's updates in our thinking, we'll certainly convey it to you all.
Gary Swidler: I think we have time maybe for one more question after Ben. So why don't we just try to get that in here quickly.
Gary Swidler: Yes. Thanks for the question. Look, I think, that's right what you say that our confidence in the Hinge platform has been increasing over the last little while. And I think most of that is really driven as we look at the user trends and the fact that Hinge continues to move up in the rankings in various countries and regions from a downloads perspective, which is telling us that the product really continues to resonate. It's a differentiated product. People really like using that product and continue to see it as a go-to product. And that's really having effect on the overall dating landscape as well as improving our confidence in the prospects for Hinge. So when we look at the ability for Hinge to be a $1 billion business in a few years, we absolutely think it's there and we're driving towards that. And something that I would just point out, which I'm not sure people fully appreciate is at Hinge, which is on track to deliver well over $500 million of revenue this year, derives less than 10% of its revenue from its European expansion market. So we've been spending a lot of money in those markets to drive awareness and that is clearly working, but the revenue has really just started to trickle in. And so it shows sort of the opportunity for us to have a much bigger business at Hinge in these European markets. And it also shows the nature of our business, which is we make these investments initially and plant the seed, so to speak, and then we're going to harvest them down the road. And that's what's happening in Hinge, which obviously, over time will be accretive to margins as well. So that is kind of the business that we're in planting the seeds for future harvesting. Hinge is a great example. We're about to start doing that at Azar as well, and we'll continue to do that where we see opportunities. And that's what drives the future revenue growth. So I'm going to leave it there just because we are out of time, but hopefully, that mostly at least addresses your question. And I'll just thank everyone for having joined us this morning. We appreciate everybody's time. Enjoy the rest of your summer and we'll talk to you all soon.
