Sharmistha Dubey: Thank you, Ben. So let me maybe first give a broader picture of how the second wave of COVID resurgence is playing out and then I'll get into Tinder-specific impact. So the second half of the -- of Q4 in particular and into the new year as we saw, there has been a surge and COVID and lockdowns and reduced mobility in many markets. In fact, as I mentioned in my remarks, a normal peak season looks a little different this year. UK that we called out specifically, looks to be one of the worst impacted pub -- a combination perhaps of both COVID and Brexit there, but there are also less severely impacted markets throughout Europe. Same-store here in the US as we saw before, California and New York, more impacted than Florida, Arizona, Texas, for instance. Again, few markets in Asia and LatAm have been impacted and sort of similar to what we saw earlier in the year, the impacts are on both new users as well as propensity to pay, particularly a la carte and it of course varies by market. So with all of that said broadly, Tinder specifically, obviously, the geographic exposure was greater. And so if you think about even just markets like India and Brazil alone could create a 100,000 swing in subs at Tinder. And then there is the impact to a la carte, which is when propensity to pay goes down a little bit, that's the first one that gets impacted and it hurts Tinder more because it does have a higher portion of its revenue in a la carte compared to the other brands. So with that all said that hopefully answers the question of what we saw in Q4. We do, as I mentioned the New Year is seeing an impact from COVID but we are optimistic that as the quarter goes, Tinder is going to see accelerated growth rates here on. The - based on everything that we saw over summer and what we're seeing in markets like India in particular and more recent weeks as lockdowns ease and mobility increases, people do turn to our apps. On Platinum, we've always said, it's an ARPU play and because it is a higher priced product, given the current environment, we have chosen to not roll it out to all users. In fact it's currently available for current and previous subscribers only and we will evaluate when it makes sense to roll it out to all users. For the users set that we rolled it out to, it has gone as we expected. The good news is, it has meaningfully improved the efficacy of the product in terms of driving messages and matches, which was the intention of this package tier. So we do believe it is a good product, and we will be watching to see the right time to roll it out fully.
Sharmistha Dubey: Sure. Gary, I can take this. You know we laid this out last quarter, our non-Tinder performance is driven by three main vectors. First, the legacy brands like Match, Meetic, OkCupid, North America, etcetera, they continued to accelerate through product and marketing work. Then there are the new brands like Hinge, Chispa, BLK, which have seen tremendous user and monetization growth. Pairs has been a great contributor. It's opened to new marketing channels, which pose -- which sort of puts it in a really good position for 2021 and then there are a new revenue initiatives like Pop Life which became meaningful contributors and they basically had zero revenue at the beginning of the year. So we do believe that all of these growth drivers in non-Tinder brands are sustainable and they will continue to make strong contributions in 2021 and even beyond 2021, these brands are positioned to contribute a meaningful amount of our growth as our current drivers get further supplemented by emerging brands like Hawaya, Ablo and Upward, for instance. So all in all, we feel very good about a broad set of drivers for growth within our portfolio.
Sharmistha Dubey: Sorry, Gary. Hey Kunal, sorry. I was on mute. I didn't realize. You know, while I don't want to extrapolate too much, India has been one of the hardest hit countries, we mentioned that before. And, in more recent weeks, we have seen a real downturn in cases and as people have been coming back to normal. We've actually seen a fairly significant rebound. Now, it was still -- even though it's gotten better in recent weeks, there was a material impact on sub additions in Q4 because the first half of Q4 was still fairly impacted. As much of, I don't want to extrapolate the India specific story, I do, -- we are seeing a correlation between increased mobility and increased activity on our platforms as markets ease out of lockdowns. We've seen that happened throughout summer in a number of other markets that have -- that go through lock periods of lock down and then ease up. In India, again Kunal, the other thing to note about it is, we did pull back a lot of marketing spend there when we saw the real significant impact last year. But things are looking much better there and we're going back in and we -- it will become an area for refocus for growth in 2021 for us.
Sharmistha Dubey: Yes. So, in addition to everything I said earlier about the importance of trust and safety in the digital world, broadly we have of course I'm seeing the effects of this on our category as we develop this category over the last 15 years, right. And we know for a fight that it has an impact on category perception and penetration and we've done a lot of work in this area, particularly in the western markets. More recently Japan, a good example of a market where we've been very active on this front, from initiatives that we've done on our platforms with features like verifications, our enhanced community and customer care processes. We've worked with local regulators and authorities. We've done a lot of education and outreach through marketing and PR and all of this work has -- very directly in Japan actually allowed us to open up new marketing channels, for instance, out of home, several digital channels, we're hoping we can unlock television advertising soon there as well. And so it was a very sort of short-term definitive things we can point to. But overall, the perception changes are meaningful in the long term for a lot of these higher stigma markets. We're starting to do similar work in India. Which is why I do think we will continue to focus on moderation and safety features, both internally on our platforms. But one of the things we're going to amplify this year, is engaging more with -- outreach with other organizations, third party technologies, partnerships with non-profits, working with regulators and engaging law enforcement. I think it's important. I am personally committed to this and there is a lot of work in leadership we can provide in this area, more generally for additional platforms.
Sharmistha Dubey: Sure. You know, so, as more of our lives are moving online, the opportunities for -- in real life connections are decreasing and meanwhile loneliness is on the rise around the world. And there has been some interesting lessons we've learned both from Ablo which was designed with the thesis that during these times when the shift is going on, there are benefits to having deeper connections and conversations and communities with people online. And there is a feature on Ablo called Around the World, which allows people to connect on teams like food and culture, local culture and travel, and allows them share their parts of the world with each other and we're seeing people use that contacts to connect and chat and video chat one-on-one and have sort of deeper conversations with people around the world. And sometimes these might result in relationships. The other big lesson for us was on POF Live, there is a few interesting anecdote and stories which sort of illustrate what it is that we're trying to do here. There was a very recently one of the users on POF Live, with a homeless man who started building the community and his entire -- he's trying to turn his life around with the power of the message of positivity and he has built a real community around it. He talks to people about positive thoughts and he has made 100K on POF Live, and it's turned his life around. One of the other sort of top streamers, there is an ex that, who was suffering from DPTSD who's managed to turn that around and engage and build a network and community on POF Live and he attributes it to having saved his life. So this is the type of sort of human connection that we're trying to enable which is in the context of our mission, which is helping people make meaningful connections. So this is what's informing our belief that social discovery is going to -- which is already by the way popular in other parts of the world, but we think this is going to become more and more popular broadly and hence we're looking into this space for expansion. The -- in terms of monetization, we do believe this sort of a platform lends itself well to virtual currencies and consumables, people gifting one another, etcetera, and those are sort of the initial things we're testing out on Ablo and of course POF Live has a fairly well-established monetization by way of gifting as we know. So you know, we're -- it's still early days and we are going to try a bunch of different things. We do obviously prefer direct-to-consumer revenue as opposed to ad-based models and so that's going to be of course part of the work that we're going to do -- the coming year.
Sharmistha Dubey: All right. With that, thank you all again for supporting us and being on the call today. My real hope is the vaccines come soon. We're out of this pandemic fraught and how soon. And thank you again.
Gary Swidler: Sure. Let me take that one. First of all, just to kind of step back a little bit on what's going on with gross margins. I would say that in general, our cost of revenue, ex the I-app fees is relatively stable. That's despite a lot of initiatives we have in there for video and other things. So we're seeing relative stability ex-I-app. On the I-app side, first. naturally, we are seeing a little bit of an increase from the fact that we have a number of apps like Hinge, Chispa and BLK, that are contributing increasing revenue and are growing quickly. And those are fully paying the 30% across the board to the app store. So the mix of our brand contributions is having some impact on the overall I-app fees as a percentage of revenue. That said, when we look at Apple, which is the largest component of our App Store fees, there is not really flexibility there from Apple and so we'll have to see kind of how that plays out. There's a lot of scrutiny as I'm sure you know related to the app stores and conduct generally and so we'll see how that plays out on the app fronts. On Google, more specifically, they have announced a change in policy that would go effective in September and that would have a meaningful impact on us if that policy change goes into effect later this year. We are having productive -- we have a productive relationship with them and we're having good conversations. They understand the financial impact on us of their policy change. And so we're hopeful that we'll be out to find a solution that will avoid this added cost for us. Our ranges for the year contemplate the impact in Q4 from the Google change. So we'd be lower in the range of that played through and there was no solution higher, if there is, and so we'll see how this all plays out. In general, there is a lot of moving pieces with regulators around the world and a lot going on relate to the App Store fees. So this is going to be a very important year. We'll see how this plays out over the coming months of related to all of those discussions and considerations around the App Store fees.
Gary Swidler: Yes, I mean, Brent, you've watched us for a long time in terms of how we think about outlooks and there is a lot of uncertainty as we come into this year. We're early in the year. And so, naturally, we're trying to be thoughtful about not assuming too much goodness as the year goes on. We're hoping things improve, but -- as we provide ranges and so forth, we're trying to be cautious and thoughtful just because there are so many questions out there. So right now, when you look at kind of the year, for the first quarter, we gave specific expectations which obviously assumes continued COVID headwinds. For the second quarter, we're still assuming some COVID-headwinds and it will be an easier comp in Q2 over last year because obviously there were severe impact from COVID in the second quarter. So that's something we're factoring into our growth thoughts for Q2. When we get to the back half of the year which obviously still pretty far out, we have assumed some reduction in the current COVID headwinds, but not a full return to normalcy for the back half of the year. And we certainly haven't assumed any major resurgence from pent-up demand for dating activity in the second half of the year. It's certainly possible that that could happen. I know people who believe that that's what's going to happen, it's just too hard to predict. And so in our normal way of providing an outlook, we haven't assumed an abnormal level of dating activity a major burst from pent-up demand in the back half of the year. So our plan is to kind of watch this all for a quarter to see how the vaccine rollouts go, see how mobility starts to improve. Clearly as mobility improves, we see dating activity improve. And, you know, how the world starts to open up and as the year progresses, if those trends start to be better than we had been expecting, we will adjust our outlook. But sitting here today, we felt that this was the right approach in terms of providing the outlook for the year, but it is something that could get adjusted later depending on what trends we see.
Gary Swidler: Yes, I'll take the least part of that. Look, in terms of kind of Asia and percentage of revenue, a 25% does remain our kind of medium-term target. We didn't make as much progress on that in 2020 as we would have liked. Because of COVID we're probably in that 17% - 18% range. But Asia is still very strategically important to us. We think there is real opportunity there. We've got a lot of different ways of attacking it product-wise. And we think we ultimately will get there and perhaps surpass it but I think the intermediate term goal is to kind of get to the 25%. We had said that would be in 2023, I think maybe we've gotten one year delayed from COVID. We'll see how things kind of play out. When you look at it, I think Asia being such a big market, you've got to take it in pieces. And so as we did say Japan is going extremely well for us. We've got a great team there on the ground. a great one-two punch with Tinder and Pairs, and we think there is much more opportunity. We've got a Matrimony product as well, which we think makes a lot of sense in that market. And we think there is more opportunity in Japan to work with multiple brands. So that's a major focus for us. India also continues to be a big focus for us, it's a bit of a longer-term play. We've got Tinder there, which has been very successful, as well as OkCupid, I think OkCupid has gotten good traction, but with all of the COVID cases in that market in 2020, we really didn't push as hard. But we are pushing hard again at the start of 2021 with our OkCupid business in India and we remain optimistic that we have some good products to work in the India market. And then, you've got other markets like South Korea. That's a market we haven't quite cracked with the product yet. We think there is real opportunity there and we need to keep trying to find something that works. So there is a number -- it's a multi-product strategy Pairs, Tinder, OkCupid, the matrimony product, Pairs Engage, across the Asian continent. And then, we've got Hawaya which we're still working on the product and feel very good about. That could be a real player in Asia over time, especially in countries where there is a large Muslim populations like Indonesia, we think Hawaya could gain significant share there. So again a bit of a longer-term play, but something that we are actively focused on and working on. And then, we talked last year about Tinder rolling out in-app currency to focus on the Asian market, which we think is important to the Asian market in the way Asian users pay and use the products. We didn't roll that out in 2020, mostly because of COVID, but we are planning to resume that initiative for 2021 and expect to roll out in our currency at first in a couple of Asian markets and kind of go from there. So again, something that got delayed because of COVID, but we are planning to bring that back in 2021. So a lot going on in Asia remains a big focus for us. Our goals remain the same. And we're hoping to make more progress as we turn the corner here into 2021.
