Bernard Kim: I want to start off by saying ALC purchases from our power users still remain very strong. And we're seeing strong subscriptions, and they remain very sticky. The main impact that we're seeing is from impulse and occasional buyers as they tend to be more price-sensitive, and they are impacted more by macroeconomic factors. As Gary pointed out, we've historically marketed our ALC products in large bundles, and that have led to significant purchases of these large bundles. Therefore, we're moving quickly, and we're adjusting our ALC merchandising to emphasize smaller bundles to more price-sensitive customers. The customers that are most affected are younger users with less discretionary income, but we don't see a difference across geographies. This is a reminder that conditions are ever changing. The macroeconomic environment is uncertain, and we have to be nimble and be able to react to our consumers throughout the year. I am impressed by the speed at which Tinder can diagnose and react to these type of effects. The Tinder team is actively working on mitigating this as much as possible, but I expect this is going to take some time and iteration.
Bernard Kim: Let me take your second question first about virtual goods. So to clarify, I always thought that virtual goods and currencies made sense in the Tinder ecosystem and is a big opportunity. But we want to do this right. And to do this, we have to build the virtual goods and then create the demand. After that, you can create the coin economy to purchase those goods. I asked the teams to rethink that road map and delay the launch into next year. They've been working on it. I'm excited because the Tinder CPO has great experience in building these types of economies. I'm really excited to see this roll out in 2023. And then to your question about advertising, over the last 5 years, advertising has been a modest focus at Tinder, but the reality is over 85% of our users don't pay us anything. In my previous history, I've seen real success in monetizing users that don't pay. So I've asked the team to embrace advertising monetization culturally. I think there's a real opportunity to implement proven ideas from games that I've utilized in the past, for example, rewarded video. I think over time, I would like to see us get through $100 million in advertising revenue, which is about double the revenue that we have today. Thanks so much for the questions.
Bernard Kim: We'll start testing Hinge's new subscription later this quarter, and we'll begin rolling it out globally after the new year. We believe that this can drive good conversion and strong RPP. Our outlook for 2023 has assumed a relatively modest take for the new tier. We think it's more comparable to Tinder Platinum than Tinder Gold, but we'll know a lot more after we begin testing later this month. Given the delay of the full rollout of this offering and FX headwinds, especially in the U.K., we do expect Hinge to fall about $15 million short of their revenue goal this year. But we like subscription monetization opportunities with Hinge -- with the Hinge user base. As with any big changes to tiers, we'll continue to optimize the offering throughout 2023. So really excited about that.
Bernard Kim: I'll try to answer this question on my own. We love the questions around marketing. So traditionally, Tinder has not spent much on marketing. They've always spent about less than 10% of revenue, and we don't see that changing. Thankfully, Tinder is not reliant on marketing to grow the business. However, this is a 10-year-old brand. And especially with younger users who are new to the category, we haven't taken the opportunity to establish our narrative. I believe that Tinder, which is a category leader, has been too quiet in the market for too long. In 2023, we're going to increase marketing spend to establish stronger brand narrative. But to answer your question, it's still going to be below 10% of revenue. With our new CMO, we see great opportunities to get brand message out there in a creative manner and market some of our newer product features that we have planned for next year. These two together should help accelerate user growth at Tinder. And even -- once again, and even with incremental marketing spend, we expect Tinder margin in 2023 to be in the 50% range as they always have been. Thanks for the question.
Bernard Kim: We have a lot of exciting things that are happening at Hinge right now. We've confirmed two things. The product has appealed beyond English-speaking markets, and our marketing and localization tactics are working well. Hinge has found a great fit for singles that are in English markets and now -- in English-speaking markets. And now it's clear that the product resonates in other international markets also. The team is really innovative and laser-focused on getting people on great dates. So it shouldn't be a huge surprise that it's growing so well. The launch in Germany and Sweden has been really great to watch. And we're rolling out localized versions in France, Italy and Spain in this quarter as well. We'll start marketing in those countries in 2023, and we expect Hinge to keep growing across Europe next year. We still have a lot more countries to go, and we'll continue to roll out new markets and should drive growth for Hinge over the next few years.
Bernard Kim: Thanks, everyone, for joining the call today. We feel like we've made a lot of great progress in a short amount of time. We look forward to sharing more with you during our next earnings call. Thanks so much.
Gary Swidler: Sure. Why don't I go ahead and take that? I think when you look at our Q3, we provided a pretty conservative outlook for the quarter, in part because of all the disruption that was going on at Tinder. We weren't sure exactly how things were going to react to all the changes that we made. And so we wanted to be a little bit conservative in the Q3 outlook. And I think that led to the improvement versus expectations. In Q4, though, we're seeing a pretty significant deterioration in trends even over the last few weeks. We think the macro environment has gotten much more challenging, and we're nervous about it for Q4 and going forward. And so as a result of that, our outlook for Q4 is perhaps lower than you would have thought because we think the caution is warranted, given the change in trends and the weakness in the overall macro environment, which, as BK just said, is really affecting Tinder on the a la carte side as users, especially younger users, have less discretionary income are being a little bit more cautious in their purchasing. And we think that effect is going to linger for a period of time. We are taking actions to offset that, and I think some of those will help offset the effects of it, but it is going to take some time for that to work its way through as well. The other thing I would point out is that we have less product momentum going into Q4 than we typically have and certainly than we did last year when we had a very successful Q3 product adjustments that led to solid momentum in Q4. And remember, product work in the previous quarter or the previous two quarters gives us momentum into the next quarter. So we don't have the momentum we'd like to see or that we typically have leading into Q4. But it is building as the Tinder team makes more progress and influence new things. And so we think that, that momentum will build, and that gives us optimism that as the Tinder team continues to execute the way they need to execute, we'll start to see some improved momentum into 2023.
Gary Swidler: Let me take that, Cory. Thanks for the question. You're right. Our outlook as it relates to APAC businesses next year is a bit challenging just given all the moving parts, as you say. And so in Japan, what we've assumed is really no material change in the trends that we're seeing in the Japanese market next year. I'm hopeful we can do a little bit better than that and start to see some recovery, but we're not really seeing that yet. And so we've assumed that the conditions largely stay the same next year, which basically means we think that our Pairs business can achieve some modest improvement in revenue next year. But probably on a FX -- on a U.S. dollar basis, it's probably going to be down year-over-year. So modestly up in local currency but down on a dollars basis. And I think that business can probably achieve something in the neighborhood of 25% margin. So a reasonably profitable business, but the growth trajectory has really changed. And I'm hopeful that will change for the better leading into the future. Hyperconnect has a couple of moving parts as well. The Azar business is very encouraging as we showed in the letter and we've talked about. We feel good about that. And I think we will continue to see some reasonable level of growth from the Azar business. Hyperconnect -- sorry, Hakuna, at Hyperconnect is more challenged. And we're assuming a little bit of improvement in that business next year compared to this year but not dramatically so. And so when you put that all together, I think that Hyperconnect overall will show some modest level of revenue growth next year in local currency. But again, when you -- FX affected, I think we will be down on a U.S. dollar basis. So that's what we're planning for. So there are some headwinds from a dollar perspective, both on the Japanese business at Pairs and on the Hyperconnect businesses. I think Azar and Hakuna together can probably do about a 10% adjusted operating income margin. We're going to be disciplined on marketing spend and headcount there to try to drive improving margins. And we got to keep driving margins up in that business. And that is something that our new team there working with our existing CEO, Sam Yagan, is very focused on.
Gary Swidler: Yes. Obviously, we're part way through the quarter in Q4. And so visibility into Q4 is a lot easier than visibility into 2023. And we have seen deterioration in the last few weeks. It's a -- it's not broad-based. It's primarily on a la carte at Tinder. There is -- it is existing in some other pockets like our Plenty of Fish business as well. And look, it's hard to tell exactly how much macro weakness we're seeing across the portfolio. But the thing that we're particularly focused on is the weakness on the ALC side at Tinder. I think we've made some reasonable assumptions based on what we're seeing for Q4 that give me confidence in our range that we provided for Q4. Obviously, I don't know how much things are going to deteriorate or not in 2023. And so that's what makes guiding for 2023 more challenging. But right now, the trends that we see do indicate some consumer weakness, and we have factored that in at least into our Q4 outlook. And we've tried to make some best guesses around it for 2023 as a whole as well.
Gary Swidler: So you're right, and I said it before, we're investing marketing dollars in the business where we see growth opportunities, Tinder, Hinge, The League, et cetera. And we're offsetting those with reductions in the more Established Brands. The net result of that is that we expect marketing spend next year to be roughly consistent as a percentage of revenue with what we've seen in 2022. And so overall, our goal for next year is to have flat margins for the year, hopefully, do better than that, but that's our target. But you may see small fluctuations quarter-to-quarter depending on the cadence of marketing spend. If we spend on a bigger campaign in Q1, that might have some effect on margins versus if we don't have that in Q2. So you might see margins be plus or minus a little bit year-over-year in each quarter depending on the marketing spend cadence and what's going on from a campaign perspective. Outside of marketing spend, we're going to offset any incremental margin headwinds that exist with improvements elsewhere to hit that goal of at least flat margins. And then you're right, Tinder is a very high-margin asset for us, and we talked about that already. And so improvement in margins and ultimately hitting our long-term margin goal really is dependent on or the factor that Tinder really accelerate its growth and really contribute meaningful growth to us. So that is the #1 job for the company is to really accelerate Tinder growth and get it back to where it's been historically or at least closer to that, which will help us get closer to our overall long-term margin target. The only other thing I'd point out around margins, and we mentioned this in the letter, is that our outlook for margins doesn't assume any relief from the App Stores at all, which we think is the prudent thing to assume at the moment. That being said, the Digital Markets Act went into effect yesterday in the U.K, and we are expecting changes to App Store policies as a result of that. And there's actions in other jurisdiction as well, markets like India, for example. And so we believe that it's likely that we're going to see relief from App Stores in 2023, if not in 2024 at the latest. And so I do think there is upside to our margins as that plays through. But right now, our outlook doesn't contemplate any of that.
