Gregory Blatt: Sure. Look, we're always developing new products. Some of them we launch and we put real money behind and some of them we don't. Usually, we put them out and seed them a little bit. We see what happens. These are often done -- they're done both organically, people come up with ideas and centrally, where we're trying to solve specific problems. One of the hurdles in the category generally again is that the product only works to the extent you have people on it. And there is that classic marketplace chicken-and-egg challenge. And my only point is that on OurTime, although I won't get into the specific tactics of how they did it, they were able to use some of their existing population to make sure that the product wasn't empty on day one. And that provides increased conversion, increased customer satisfaction, et cetera. And I think that it is very much a focus of ours going forward to be able to translate that in various ways into new product development. Our focus is primarily mobile. I think it will be unlikely that we would go desktop first. There may be products that we launch depending on the demographic on both. For instance, OurTime in Europe was a clear candidate for both desktop and mobile, given the demographic. There are many others where it will be mobile first. And I think that -- I don't have specifics to get into right now about exactly what we're getting after and anything else. But I think that launching new products, potentially buying early-stage products that don't have liquidity that we can bring liquidity to, is definitely going to be a part of our ongoing strategy and an increasing focus for us.
Gregory Blatt: Yes. Look, I think obviously, revenue growth is fantastic right now. I think you have the law of large numbers obviously, so the growth rate declines over time. But it is incredibly strong. We expect very strong double-digit revenue growth certainly for the foreseeable future without sort of meaningful product breakthrough. I think our strategy though, is to continue to try to roll out product features that continue to expand both the product, market and the category overall. I talked about a real focus on location. I think location leads in a lot of directions to broaden the use case in the market for Tinder. I think our integration of AI and our integration of video are really going to start to increasingly set Tinder apart from everything else. And so I sort of look at Tinder in two ways, what's the growth rate on the current trajectory? I think it's very solid and will continue to be the real driver or the major driver of Match Group revenue growth for certainly several years. But I also -- we are very much playing not just for that but for a meaningful expansion and a reacceleration of that through the incredible product work that we're doing, again at a scale and a pace that I think will be unparalleled in the industry. So that is sort of the upside piece that I can't really quantify, but is very much what we're playing for.
Gregory Blatt: Also, look on the ad stuff, I want to be clear that the slowness of our build is especially in the second half of the year with the Facebook network, is really a matter of discretion. I mean, we could turn it up faster and harder. I've made the decision to go slowly. I think Tinder has got great momentum. I don't want to take any rapid steps to potentially derail that. I think advertising could be a meaningful part of our long-term plan, but I don't - I personally don't want to be too aggressive on it right now. So we're building it slowly. And I also can't underemphasize the strength we had in July, both at Tinder and at Match and a number of other businesses. So it gives us a great deal of confidence in the back half of the year.
Gregory Blatt: Sure. I think you meant North American PMC ex-Tinder, I think is what you are referring to and ex-Affinity. I think just to clarify, I said that the impact of the Affinity run-off will start to decline meaningfully in Q4, but won't be gone. So we've got sort of Q2, Q3 sort of trough and then it gets better in Q4 and will continue to get better and I imagine would be gone sometime in '18, but that will continue. With the rest, look, it's been a multiyear transformation from desktop to mobile. We've had great deal of confidence along the way that we would both sort of reverse the negative conversion trends, which we have done. And that the product improvements we've done would translate into re-growth in the top of the funnel, which we are well on track to do. So our ability to predict with absolute precision when those things would take place is inherently sort of difficult. But where we are right now, as we've said, POF is doing well, Match will return by the end of Q4, OkCupid may or may not return by the end of Q4, but if it's not by the end of Q4, it should be early in '18. So we feel really good about it. Our ability to predict what challenges we'll have two or three years from now, I think it's fighting the competitive fight that we fight all the time. I think our products have the inherent benefit of existing scale and brand awareness. By the end of this year, I think the products will be second to none on mobile in terms of doing what they each seek to do. So we feel really good about our ability to have a baseline single-digit growth rate there. And look we're always playing for better than that. I think there is a big hole in the market right now -- sorry, there's still a lot of people in the market right now looking for something more serious who have sort of thought of Match maybe not as the vibrant exciting thing that, I think it is very much becoming. I think with this cumulative product rollout and our marketing campaigns, I think we've got a real chance to not just sort of get back to growth but to get back to real growth. I really think it is a big untapped area there. OkCupid, again, I think, has a lot of opportunity. It still has a great niche and I just -- I'm more optimistic than the single-digit growth rate long-term at least in some of these brands. I think overall it's probably the right way to think about it. But in terms of the risks, it's just the fact of ongoing competition and our ability to continue to execute, which I have great confidence in.
Gregory Blatt: The Tinder Web is still in rollout. We are launching -- we are starting the test of Tinder payments, I think in the next week or so. So we've got to see how that goes. The whole Tinder Web and sort of the ability to sort of capture margin through moving to Tinder Web is really a long-term project. Building out the payment system on a global basis is a big project. Obviously, to date, Apple and Google have handled all that for us. So that's been a lot of work. We're going to start testing it, I think next week or the week after. And that test will go on for a while. And I think that's a long-term plan. We have confidence in it. Again, I don't -- it's one of those things that I consider upside. We'll absolutely take some margin there, how much, we'll have to learn over time. We've had really good luck in our other businesses, but Tinder is different. And we're cautiously optimistic, but we'll let you know the progress as we roll that out. May not even be -- I guess we will have early returns next quarter. But once you've rolled out the payment system, you then need to develop the strategy and implement the strategy for customer shifting. So I consider that a multi quarter strategy.
Gregory Blatt: On Tinder video, we've not yet started A/B testing, but we are very much in development. I think it will play a number of roles down the road. I suppose it could have monetization characteristics, but we're focused on just creating a great product for users. We've got a great plan for how we're going to implement it, and we expect that to be rolling out later this year. In terms of geographies, there are certainly existing products in all of these geographies. I think when we're looking at the geo, we try to determine obviously three different approaches. One is our existing products, the other is building new products and the other is buying products. You take a country like Japan, which we saw as a really big opportunity, we're really doing all three. Even before I got to Match in 2009, Match proper was in Japan. We still continue to run that business in Japan. Tinder has aggressive efforts in Japan and we bought Pairs, which was a sort of native business in Japan. So there we sort of did all three. In Brazil, again, we have both Tinder, and we bought a business a while ago called Par Perfeito, which is down there. We look at those situations and those opportunities everywhere. I think it's -- I think it will continue to be a combination of those three depending on the market. As I mentioned earlier, Alex Lubot now very much has his eyes focused on rest of the world where most of the people live. And there are some really interesting opportunities. And when we get into Asia, some of these dating products function rather differently than ours do. And they start to expand the definition a little bit. So we're looking at a lot of exciting things. I think it will continue to be a combination of build by and extension.
Gregory Blatt: Where we are in the Tinder marketing, I think as I outlined at the beginning of the year is, the first thing we wanted to make sure is that our spend had impact. It clearly does. It's driving a lot of registrations. The next thing we wanted to make sure of is that those registrations weren't sort of one-time, that they actually had a viral component and helped the market generally. And we determined that it does. I think we're now in a stage of really trying to quantify all that so that we can fine-tune the amount of our marketing. I think that takes time again as I've said -- just because of the data we can capture. I've told this story -- I think every quarter, there is always a fierce competition for products and technology resources at Tinder, even as we continue to expand those capabilities. We expand a number of things we want to do that we think can add value even faster. So at this moment in those geos, we don't have -- we don't capture all of the data we can to precisely measure long-term ROI as we do in our other businesses. But the impact we're having is clear. So we continue to spend and as we continue to measure more and more accurately, we'll evolve our spend either upwards or downwards over time. But we feel really good about the impact we're having right now and those efforts continue robustly. In terms of cash balance and acquisition, I think our cash balance has never been a constraint to acquisition. So we've always had the ability to raise capital, we've had the ability to use our equity. Obviously, if that cash balance grows, it becomes easier. But in general, we're focused on finding the right opportunities. I think geography is going to play an increasingly big component of that. Again, I think that as we look at things in more extended geographies, the definition of dating products evolves a little bit. And I think you'll see some real activity there over the coming year.
Gregory Blatt: Sure. On the operational side, we've certainly gotten a lot better. I have an anecdote I like to tell, which is I guess about 6 months ago, I was saying that one of our big strategies is going to be -- we're going to have more resources than anybody else, and we're basically going to be bringing guns to a knife fight, and our head of engineering at that time quipped, yes, but we keeping shooting ourselves in the foot with these guns, and we've got to stop doing that. I think just last week, we were talking about it, we're like, we're not doing that anymore. So I really do think that our execution has improved dramatically. A big part of that was taking the time to rewrite these applications. I think that process, as I said earlier, is very hard to predict how long that takes because it takes you down roads. And I think that during the first 6 months of the year, that definitely went on longer than we expected. I think that is the main reason for the downstream impact of delays that you're talking about right now. You look -- at Tinder Gold, we delayed a little bit, but then it got caught up in the App store for a little bit too. So there are always reasons for these things, maybe we aggressively planned because we think that's a good operating strategy. I think the ad stuff historically has been delayed, that has primarily been a fight for resources. And a general de-prioritization against features that drive growth and customer satisfaction and direct revenue. So I think it's been a combination of things. I think you'll see that much less going forward. I think we're really starting to fire on all cylinders. And so I don't view it as an endemic long-term issue that we'll have to grapple with, although we'll always grapple with resource constraints no matter how big we grow because there are just so many things for us to do. In terms of relative balance of international and domestic, it stayed relatively constant, I think. U.S. users and subs make up less than 1/2 of the whole, but more than a 1/4 of the whole. So it's somewhere in that 1/3-plus range. And then you've got the rest spread between Europe and rest of world, which we look at both similarly and differently depending on what we're looking at. International continues to grow faster than domestic, which we've talked about, but growth everywhere has accelerated recently, as we mentioned, both in terms of our marketing efforts and our product successes. So we feel really good about where we're headed there.
Gregory Blatt: Let me take the first part of that. In terms of the ownership, Match Group has always owned or at least for years has owned 100% of the equity ex-Tinder management. So we've talked about it at sort of a fully diluted treasury basis method, we talked about our ownership, but in terms of ex-management, we've owned 100% for several years. In terms of valuation, look, we're not going to talk about that. It is two people's opinions. Other people can have lots of different opinions. And we think it's generally reflected in our stock. And we will never ever think that valuation is where it ought to be, but what it came in at was not dramatically different than what you might think. The conversion is a one-time event. Tinder equity holders now hold Match Group options. I think the major accounting effects were realized this quarter, is that correct Gary? And we don't see any ongoing impact from it.
Gregory Blatt: Thank you. Europe didn't really have this category. And we tackled it. It's frankly, it's something we've been talking about for a few years tackling, but we -- just through the constraints around how much you can execute, we didn't get to. And on Meetic, we were increasingly seeing that it's a very robust audience -- growing audience, growing part of our user base. And so effectively tackling it made a huge amount of sense and we were able to tackle it more as a way of meaningfully expanding our marketing efficiency, because we didn't have to build a wholly new product from scratch. I think in the U.S., we've got our OurTime brand, that we've obviously put a lot of focus in. I think it requires some more product work. I think that we -- Match and our Affinity brands in the U.S. share resources much more than any of our other businesses do, and we definitely have put the focus on Match over the last 12 months. So I think that the product will improve more. I think we'll start to do more targeted offering for that audience than it's been -- and we think there is real opportunity there. I think beyond Europe and the U.S., I don't see it as a real near-term focus. It tends to be -- you start to sort of stratify our approach as you reach greater and greater levels of penetration into the market. And I think when you go beyond Europe and United States, there is just so much more room to go in the heart of the market that I don't necessarily see going at targeted demographics as being the near term strategy, although obviously, that can change. In terms of religion, we do some religious based offerings. Obviously, we've, not surprisingly, looked at buying some of the ones that are out there and at least to date have thought that wasn't the right thing for us to do. I think it remains a possibility, but again, I wouldn't call it an area of strategic focus for us at the moment.
Gary Swidler: And I think Jason as far as the different brands growth, we've talked before about the brands that have been around for a while growing in the single-digits somewhere, hard to pinpoint exactly where. That's where we have seen Meetic growing, and we expect to get Match there as well. We're talking about how it's going to get to growth by the end of the year, and we think it will be moving into those single digits over the course of '18. So I don't have more specifics than that, but our goal is to get all those brands growing in the single digits. They're not 10-plus-percent growers anymore, but single digit should be achievable from our perspective, especially with all the product and brand work that we're doing.
Gary Swidler: I think that's right. I mean, I think if you look at it on a very short-term basis, Q3 is affected by a number of weeks where Tinder Gold hasn't been able to be rolled out and some of the other effects you pointed to. But as Greg said, it looks very promising. And so as the year goes on, we think it could create some real additional momentum for us. And it's early to quantify that. It's early to call it. We're still testing it, but that's definitely a factor in kind of what impact it is. It's a timing issue more than anything else. Marketing spend, I think is fluid. We've given our guidance for Q3, and we feel we've got good momentum now on the Tinder side and we're going to spend up in Q3, but we've got a lot of decision to make on Q4 at Tinder as well as across some of the other business on marketing. So we've got some fluidity on the marketing spend side. Ads, we're continuing to make progress with the test, and we'll see how that all plays out. Again, we've given the Q3 impact. We'll see what that bodes for Q4. So all that enables us, I think, to leave our ranges where they have been for the entire year and still feel good that we're going to fall within the range from both a revenue and an EBITDA perspective.
Gary Swidler: I think just to put a finer point on the SBC. We do see $5 million or $6 million more of SBC in this coming quarter. This additional amount is what our guidance reflects, $21 million in total, which can be seen at the back in the appendix. That total number reflects the impact of this Tinder liquidity event. So for the year, we're probably running $5 million to $6 million ahead of where we initially thought, and that is as a result of the increase in SBC that we're seeing. And that's going to flow through in Q3.
