Michael R. McDonnell: Yeah. Overall, the contribution from acquisitions was about 1%, and that's consistent across both Commercial and R&D Solutions in total company.
Michael R. McDonnell: No. No change. We expected – last quarter continue to expect the same cyclicality that we talked about, heavier in the backend of the year and very consistent with how we've seen it all along.
Michael R. McDonnell: Yeah. I would say a couple of things. It's Mike speaking, Dave. I think as Next-Gen really starts to take hold as we've said before we're confident in our ability to start to accelerate the burn a bit. It is fair that the $2.9 billion has been constant. We'll look to grow that over time. And I guess I would just point to the size of the backlog and the fact that when you look at the revenue guidance, you've got 79% or so, that's in your contracted backlog. And so, when you look at the piece that you need to fill in, it's a great visibility business and it's a very manageable amount to actually fill in and we've got good success doing it for a long time.
Michael R. McDonnell: Yeah. Derik, it's Mike. The most important takeaway here is that we remain very confident in the synergy targets that we talked about, back when we announced the merger and we obviously increased the cost synergy target from $100 million to $200 million exiting 2019. We still feel very comfortable with that and we continue to track towards that very well. We are making investments in the business overall. And I think that when you look at our performance and our margins, we're actually seeing a little bit of an uptick in our R&D business and Commercial. We're making some investments there. We have the Salesforce.com platform that's very important. We're spending some money there and investing. But overall, we're on a good trajectory and we feel like the synergies are coming together very nicely.
Michael R. McDonnell: Yeah. So, the D&A is – our capital intensity is as you know is very low. It came in at exactly 4% for the quarter which is in line with the intensity we see. It was kind of 5% to 6% legacy I and 1% or 2% legacy Q, comes together about 4%. D&A, I think for the next few years is probably about $1 billion a year, but the important takeaway there is that the majority of that relates to purchase price amortization, and we don't include that obviously and it would be adjusted.
Michael R. McDonnell: Next up the operational depreciation is very modest, it's about $50 million per quarter that is. So, that's the operational fees, continues to be not at all a capital intensive business, and that's how we see it, as it relates to the EPS which is I think is part of your question.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah. Again, we've tried to guide you away from this quarterly metric, because it really – I mean I could go on and on giving you examples that would show why you could derive the wrong conclusions from a number in a given quarter. The reason to address the first part of your commentary and question, the reason why the LTM is lower at the end of March than it was at the end of December is, because first Q 2016 dropped out of the LTM and happens to be that first Q 2016 was a very high number on a contracted basis. And so therefore, when you take it out of the 12 months, it's lower than the LTM at the end of December. Now, if you recall, that's going to really demonstrate why it's wrong to focus on the quarter and it's also wrong to focus on awarded and it's better to do it the way we suggest we do it now. And I just told you the number on a contracted basis for the first quarter last year was very high. And yet, the reported quarterly book-to-bill number last year when Quintiles was still a standalone company was on an awarded basis and was 0.95x, was under 1x, whereas the contracted number was materially over 1x. And the reason why it was materially over 1x is because – again because they manage the business based on quarterly awards. They could be contracting in the first quarter of 2016, stuff that has been awarded the year before because nobody was focusing on it. What we're trying to do here is compress the timeline between award and contract, only count that which is contracted for, change operationally internally so we can compensate Salesforce, et cetera, based on contracted work not just it is awarded to you and smooth the level of cancellations and things we have to take out of the backlog because they were never meant to be in, in the first place. So, again, I'm sorry for giving you the commentary, but that is the explanation for the LTM. With respect to the trend, our bookings are actually greater. It is a simple computation as I mentioned in my introductory remarks. You just do a subtraction of what the reported backlog is at the end of each quarter. You add that to the revenue reported in the quarter, that's an addition because that's the revenue was converted from the beginning of period backlog and you divide by the revenue. And if you do that, you'll see that you don't have the exact precise numbers, because last quarter we said it was about 9.5%, was slightly under that, but basically you went with a contracted book-to-bill for the quarter of just under 1.2x. Now again, don't focus on it, it could have been 1.1x or 1.3x, let's not – we have LTM of 1.16x which we feel is very good, and the trends will continue to improve based on the pipeline that we see and the awards that we generated in the quarter.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Several cases of new clients or – again, nobody is new with Quintiles we've done business with everybody in the world. But I mentioned I particularly highlighted the largest such award, because it kind of indicates to you what we're trying to do to change the model. This was with the top five European clients with whom frankly we hadn't done very much. I think the biggest award of the full clinical service was like in the $10 million range, again over the past six years, which we've looked at. We've done other work for these clients in other areas or specific work data or stats or CSO work, but not full service core clinical work. So this is the first time, and this is a very, very significant client, with whom our penetration on core clinical was very low to steadily (26:07). And that – so that's, I think, clear indication that there is something different. And the main reason we've been able to do that is that, we've demonstrated a new approach and new capabilities, which actually as I reported in my introductory comments, we already demonstrated, a product is already ongoing. It took 30 days from the signature of the contract to the first sight identity, which is really very, very small period, and we've been able to demonstrate that to the client. Another element that's unique about it is that we were so confident and we had a good view of risk and we were able and willing to go with a fixed price model. Again, that's something that's new and different, and that's enabled by Next-Gen. That's a powerful example that I mentioned because it's large, but there are many others, smaller size. This particular one is contracted for, and as I said, we are working on it already. But in aggregate, since the merger, we've been awarded over $400 million, which we know having won directly because of Next-Gen. I would also point out that in a few instances, we actually were able to go back and win stuff that has been awarded to somebody else, and go back with a different approach using Next-Gen.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah, I think the number you're looking at is simply – again, the first quarter of 2016 was a huge, huge contract – on a contracted basis, a huge number. For whatever reason, a lot of it was of the prior, I don't know year and a half, four to six quarters. So going back to 2014 and 2015, they were signed and contracted for in the first quarter of 2016. Now, nobody was tracking contracted book-to-bill or contracted backlog in the way you're paying attention to it. Happens to be it's a huge number. And so when you pick it out of any LTM, you are going to have – by definition, okay, because it's going to bias the numbers. It's going to look like it's going down. But the amount of bookings that we are contracting quarter-after-quarter, over the past three quarters has been on a steady uptick.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah. I mean just – look these are fair observations. With respect to the second quarter, it looks a little lumpy and not linear as perhaps had been modeled by the Street. I think the main reasons if you really want to focus on the second quarter, we have to speak about the first quarter, but first there is an FX impact, okay. Currency hasn't really changed much, since we last provided guidance, it's basically no impact. I mean we lost over a point of growth in the first quarter due to FX year-over-year, but not since we last gave guidance. So FX from the last year's second quarter has an impact. Secondly, there is the IES segment which is very lumpy. Q2 last year for IES, I think it was disclosed – I'm just looking at my colleagues here, it was disclosed last year. There was a one-time benefit of – if I recall, it was almost $10 million, it was a one-time royalty payment that was in IES, I think...
Ari Bousbib: And so, that again affects the compares year-over-year for the second quarter. Third, this Encore business which I remember when it was purchased a couple of years ago was like about $100 million of revenue and I mean the business is – we are trying to do something about it, but it is expected to continue to provide headwind And then again, back to the awards discussion, the awards last year were weaker as you know, and so, that again, it takes at least a year for revenue from those awards to translate, so there is a little bit less. So I think it gives you a little bit more color on why the second quarter is maybe not as strong as you might have expected, why then is the second half and towards the end of the year was stronger, that's because the revenue synergies we talked about as the Next-Gen that we already now contracted for and is starting to produce revenue and some of the real world stuff that we are winning, all of that is expected to more than compensate for what would otherwise have not been – or would have been more in line with the second quarter. And also, it's not just IES, I mean I mentioned IES, but there is also the legacy or Encore for that matter. The other legacy commercial business from – what was the name of the – IHS was the name of the division, the commercial Quintiles. They have an advisory business there that's also not doing that great. So we're kind of working ourselves through all of that and that is basically why you see perhaps second quarter a little weaker, but we feel comfortable. Frankly, if we didn't see that, we would have changed the guidance on revenue but we have not, we feel very strongly because of the bookings because of what's in the pipeline and what we see coming. So despite all of that and FX and so on, we are comfortable maintaining – very comfortable maintaining the guidance for the year.
Ari Bousbib: Dave, I think – thank you for that question. I've heard that from others. Nobody decides. I've run a lot of different companies, nobody said I'm going to in-source or I'm going to outsource. That is not an end in of itself. The reason for outsourcing or in-sourcings are based on what is the lowest cost solution at the best quality and spec deliverable type criteria that I can get. If I can perform the works internally at a lower cost more effectively and within better timeframes and so on, then I'll do it inside, if not, I'll outsource. So, it's not outsourcing, in-sourcing. So this is what's driving, what is true is that pharma, and especially large pharma, are looking for solutions that enable them to perform the work at a lower cost and more effectively. That is the primary driver of those in-sourcing, outsourcing decisions. To the degree that they can do the work – look if all your selling is buddies that are going to run around and visit sites and audit and fill checklists, yeah, maybe it could be that is cheaper in-house. I mean it's not much of a benefit. Right? Because why would you give may margin. If it's a cost plus business, I do agree. But that is not what our value proposition is. We are trying to transition the business model precisely to be data, analytics, expertise and technology driven. And that is exactly our strategy. We're repositioning the business, and we believe we are in a unique position to do that. We have not seen that. I mean, some of the large pharmas specifically rumors to be stopping the outsourcing and bringing more work inside, are precisely some of the ones with whom we've won.
Ari Bousbib: With emerging biopharma and smaller trials, yes. I mean, again following up also on Dave's question, in terms of outsourcing, certainly. Smaller pharma and midsize biotech, it's very hard to do it in-house, so, it's a non-starter. And as you know, they represented at this point in time a growing part of the pipeline. And so, again, there's no in-sourcing there. Historically, emerging biotech has been rather reluctant to partner with larger CROs, because they require a high-tech solution, and we perhaps were not as effective in providing that solution. As you know, Richard Staub, who runs our R&D business, was – before he joined Quintiles three years ago, was the CEO of Novella, which was a small CRO that's precisely worked with many emerging biotech clients. He's brought this approach to Quintiles and developing a specific set of offerings and capabilities that are targeted to small biotech and we are making inroads and being more aggressive commercially and in terms of the offering with biotech. Again, EBP requires a different set of capabilities, more customization. That could mean for a company like Quintiles higher cost, if we were not developing a separate solution, but we are now running these separately, as two separate offerings, obviously leveraging the capabilities that we are able to offer more flexible and, therefore, more attractive commercially value propositions for smaller biotech and we're making significant inroads and, frankly, displacing some of the smaller guys who had been serving that market.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah. There is no change there. Again, there could be fluctuations. We are a large company and even within those segments, there are a lot of moving parts. But generally, the guidance we provided earlier is the same. Okay, I think we provide the ranges for each segment and we feel comfortable within those segments.
Ari Bousbib: We are making very good progress as noted, we haven't been waiting for that to – for that full industrialization, if you will, to go to market, and we're making good progress. We said towards the later part of this year and that's still the schedule. But we are accelerating a little bit. Frankly, we are spending a little bit more than we thought in ramping up the capabilities. We are hiring more people. We've built a dedicated Analytics Center of Excellence that is quickly ramping up with data scientists and epidemiologists, et cetera, to do this – to continue to take this across therapies. And I think we're making very good progress.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah. Again, we don't segment the business like this anymore, because we've re-organized our business internally and so on. But essentially, the LTMs in many cases, the business like in the technology services side or specifically in real-world evidence, we've merged the businesses, so it's hard even now to look at what is the growth of the legacy IMS real-world business versus the growth of the Quintiles legacy real-world business. But based on what we see, to give you an example, it's very similar to what you've seen before, okay. Again, the engine for (44:13) business traditionally is a flat business, very low single-digits. And the – what we used to called Technology Services business was low double-digits. And essentially, we've seen the same thing minus the drag of the less performing – the lower performance inherited Quintiles businesses mainly the Advisory business, Encore and also to a degree, like for example, I know specifically that the real-world business, which of IMS had been growing in the mid-teens is still growing in the teens, but lower mid-teens and I know because I specifically look at that and had a specific review on it. And the reason for that is that the Quintiles legacy real-world business was growing at a lower rate. So, we're confident we're going to – once we integrate and then so on, we're going to continue to accelerate that growth, but it did reduce our growth rates in the – what we used to call Tech Services business somewhat.
Ari Bousbib: Well, as you know, we've said that it's always good to manage revenue and costs at the same time. So, we are counting on margin expansion year-over-year. Obviously, when you have a merger like this, things tend to happen. You've got higher costs that are not necessarily adjustable that relate to achieving the synergies in the first year and that's what's happening this year. We have costs associated sometimes we have to keep two systems running at the same time before we can shut that one down, et cetera. And that kind of can last a year or so. There are some merger-related costs that we have to carry especially in the first half of the year and that cannot be added back to our non-GAAP results. And the other element here that's – this year especially is that again we spoke a little bit earlier about our investments in the Next-Gen solution and we are making a lot of investments there in the data, technology, people to accelerate that development and that perhaps is a little bit more and we are accelerating that. On the Commercial Solutions side, we announced this deal with Salesforce.com, and we're very excited about that. And that obviously requires us to make some investments to transition the applications to the new platform over time. And that also is an investment we're making in the business for the long term. So, despite all of that we think our margin, reported margin, this quarter was basically flattish and the reason we are reporting that even though we are having all these extra costs and investments that I just talked about is because we continue to underline in the businesses, continue to do – improve our competiveness and cost position, plus we have the synergies that would be rolling later on, not yet, but certainly beginning in 2018 in a significant way. So, underlying the business, the cost reductions are continuing, but we also have added costs that I just described, which are reinvestments in the business. So despite all of that, our margins are okay. I think we should be much higher. I mean on the R&D side – also I mean you have – we noted that there's a mix issue, the IES business has very low margins and continues to be a drag obviously and some quarters could be a little bit higher. So, it has a negative impact on margin. So, again a lot of moving parts, but in aggregate, we try – we're going to be managing (51:48) margins in a way that will seek expansion. We believe that there is significant operational improvements that can be made within the R&D business. And we're actually seeing some of that already. And that kind of offsets some of the investments we're making in Next-Gen and others for now.
Ari Bousbib: No, not really. We haven't seen any, the answer is no. We've seen that, but that's not unusual, nothing unusual versus what the company had experienced historically, nothing unusual, no trend breaking events.
Ari Bousbib: Again, I would look at this over a long time period. It's a little hard to look at it quarter-by-quarter and try to make – again, it is quarterly focused, I know it is what it is. Given the nature of the business, it's such a long-cycle business that burn rates can fluctuate because of a number of reasons. If you win a large multi-year study, then by definition the burn rate is going to go down. If you win more SSP work, relative to the rest, then the burn rate is going to go down, because depending on the length of the contract. If you have a very strong bookings quarter, again, it's going to cause the next quarter burn rate to go down. So that – it's hard to tell. Really ideally you should take a look at specific projects and specific trials, and see whether revenue associated with the trial is faster overall than it would have been otherwise. So it's hard to compare. It's such a complex business with so many moving parts. Some have a metric and can look good, and in fact, that not necessarily indicate goodness or metric can look bad, and it doesn't necessarily indicate badness. So if you ask us – if you ask me operationally, of course, we are focusing on accelerating revenue burn, and we want to do this through systematic changes in the way we do business. Again using more data, analytics and technology, less quarter-on-quarter trial and error experience based sight identification and patients targeting type of approach. And we believe that by doing that we will accelerate revenue burn for individual trials that are using Next-Gen. And I did mention some detail on recently one such project, where again we are able to accelerate timelines quite dramatically and obviously the associated revenue will come in faster.
Ari Bousbib: No. There is such a fluctuation and lumpiness in this business, it's hard to say that it has fairly stabilized. Look, it declined – if you go back, the business grew nicely in 2015 and then it declined a lot in 2016. Q1 was flattish I would say, and I think we expect that this year to be the same, flattish, maybe slightly negative, that's our expectation.
David Howard Windley: I guess what I'm saying is, if the lag from award to book – award to contract signature is three months or six months, the dynamic where we're seeing...
David Howard Windley: ...I guess we're seeing this tick-down of your trailing 12-month bookings number happened, not just one quarter, but two quarters in a row. And I'm wondering if the kind of all the contract signatures landing in the first quarter of last year, making it a big quarter
David Howard Windley: So thank you for that. At the risk of taking another minute here, I – so the question I wanted to ask is more forward-looking and more relevant to Next-Gen CRO and that is that our recent research suggests that some pharma companies are bringing some business in-house. And in general, that just tells me that there is a level of, say, frustration or searching for alternative models, which actually makes Next-Gen CRO fairly timely. And I just wanted to get your sense of having talked to a bunch of clients, which I'm sure you have at this point and what level of...
