Andrew Markwick: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our third quarter 2020 earnings call. With me on the call today are Ari Bousbib, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Bruehlman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Eric Sherbet, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Nick Childs, Senior Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis; and Jen Halchak, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Today, we will be referencing a presentation that will be visible during this call for those of you on our webcast. This presentation will also be available following this call, on the Events and Presentations section of our IQVIA Investor Relations Web site at ir.iqvia.com. Before we begin, I would like to caution listeners that certain information discussed by management during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business, which are discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. In addition, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call, which should be considered a supplement to, and not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the press release and conference call presentation. I would now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Ari Bousbib.
Andrew Markwick: We are approaching the top of the hour. So, I was wondering do we want to squeeze in one more quickly, operator.
Andrew Markwick: Thanks very much. Thank you everyone, and thanks for taking the time to join us today. We look forward to speaking with you again on our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call, and as always, Jen and I will be available to take any follow-up questions you might have throughout the day.
Ari Bousbib: Thank you, Andrew, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our third quarter 2020 earnings call. The third quarter marked a nice sequential improvement in our financial performance, with results coming in above the high-end of our expectations. You will recall that based on early signs of recovery at the end of the second quarter, we raised our guidance for the year. Based on stronger than expected performance in the third quarter, we are again raising our full-year guidance ranges for revenue, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted diluted EPS. We're expecting a continuation of these recovery trends in the fourth quarter. This of course sets us up well for next year. As we promised back in April at the onset of this pandemic, we will talk to you today about our outlook for 2021. Based on what we currently see, we think the most significant COVID impact to our business are behind us, and our outlook for 2021 indicates strong performance next year, and a return to our growth trajectory. Ron will discuss 2020 and 2021 guidance in more detail later. Before we review the quarter, a quick operational update, we continue to experience a gradual improvement in the accessibility of clinical resource sites in the R&D Solutions business even with the localized flare-ups we've seen around the world. We are seeing a return to on-site monitoring visits, and similar to last quarter, on-site visits exceeded the number of remote visits. In instances where sites remain physically inaccessible for clinical monitoring, remote monitoring and virtual solutions are proving to be effective workarounds. The pace of startup activity picked up significantly during the first quarter, and we are pretty much back to baseline levels for site initiation visits. Of course, special recruitment trends have started to follow as well. Moving to Technology & Analytics, as expected TAS has remained resilient throughout this crisis in almost every area. We've had very little interruption in data supply or demand. Our information services continue to be mission critical to our clients, and are therefore very insulated from the impacts of the pandemic. The analytics and consulting businesses are performing remarkably well, development being hampered by the lack of in-person interactions. One area we discussed before that has experienced significant disruption is the event management business, which relies almost entirely on face-to-face interaction, and of course, as you know, that business is essentially on pause for now. Demand for our technology offerings remains strong. We've added 45 OCE clients this year, bringing our total number of clients to 125. During the quarter, we successfully rolled out OCE Optimizer, a real-time map-based territory and sales rep alignment solution. These tools saved management teams significant amounts of time previously spent planning and assessing sales data to ensure resources are effectively focused on the appropriate client base and products. Finally, our CSMS business, demand for field reps continues to be soft, which of course impacts revenue, but as we said before, while business development has also slowed due to the lack of in-person interactions, so far the business has performed modestly better than we would have expected as existing clients have largely retained field reps and have been continuing their engagements with us. Now against that backdrop, let's now review our third quarter results. Revenue for the third quarter came in at $2,786 million, which was $11 million above the high end of our guidance range. This revenue beat came from strong organic operational performance. Third quarter adjusted EBITDA was $604 million, with a $22 million beat versus the high end of our guidance range. The EBITDA beat was due to better operational performance and productivity. Third quarter adjusted diluted EPS was $1.63, reflecting the EBITDA drop through because the below-the-line item essentially netted out to zero. Third quarter R&DS contracted backlog, including pass throughs grew 18.5% year-over-year to $21.7 billion as of September 30, 2020. We have broad-based bookings strength, but full-service clinical and lab were particularly strong. The contracted net book-to-bill ratio including pass throughs was 1.71 for the third quarter of 2020, and 1.42 excluding pass throughs. The LTM contracted book-to-bill ratio, at September 30, was 1.55 including pass throughs, and 1.45 excluding pass throughs. I will now turn it over to Ron for more details on our financial performance.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, I mean the -- it's very hard, the timing of pass throughs and the volume of pass throughs is different. Look, we have a lot of COVID awards since the start of the pandemic, many of them small from protocol reviews. I mean I think we had like close to 200 different awards around the world, so gives you a sense. Some of them very tiny, some protocol reviews, we have lab work. They range from -- you had normal fees to, of course, we are on several of the large vaccine trials, not necessarily doing the entire work but we, for example, have been awarded work I think on four of the five trials that are part of Operation Warp Speed that are in phase three. So sometimes we've got in -- and in a couple of cases we've got the full service work, and, of course, there we've got big pass through numbers. In other cases we'll get the lab work, the pharmacovigilance work. So we are very involved, and some of that work does not include pass through, some of that it does include pass throughs. A lot of trials where we have full clinical work do have big pass through numbers which have not been yet into -- in our revenue numbers given that, as you probably know, we are in our full service vaccine work is in at a later stage than to have some of our competitors who have already seen that revenue -- that very strong revenue flow through in prior quarter or will seek in this quarter, in Q3, mostly from pass through revenue.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, so I mean, look, Eric, we have spent a lot of time, as mentioned back in April, we wanted to try to give you a sense for how 2021 would shape up, and we've spent a lot of time, bottom up, reviewing what would happen. As you know, we affect everything or piece of work across our business segments with probabilities and an assessment of what revenue would be derived in subsequent periods. So the same applies to the COVID trials. Most of the revenue on the large full-service COVID trial is pass through, okay, so there's no impact to profit, and that's just the fact. When you are a full service work on a vaccine trial you have to remember there are cases I've seen, I don't know if that's the case with us, but it's where the past revenue is a ratio of 10 to one, in other words $10 or pass through versus $1 of service revenue, whereas in normal traditional trials we would see one pass through dollar to each two or three dollars of service revenue, and once again, pass throughs is totally irrelevant to our profits, it has no impact whatsoever. So, it makes it very difficult to predict. So that's one element of the COVID trial. The second one is, of course, we've taken into account the possibility that vaccine trials get cancelled. There could be a vaccine that gets approved, or two, or three, and the others ones feel that it's not economically worthwhile for the sponsor to continue to vaccine trial. In fact historically, well before COVID, we know from experience that vaccine work carries an unusually high risk of cancellation versus traditional other drug developments. So with all of that in mind, so we know all of that, we've factored all of that into our guidance, and we feel good and we have anticipated in many in our possibility and many such scenarios, and we feel good about that. Now, you bear in mind that a lot of the work that was supposed to come online, new projects, have been put on hold by our clients because many clients have devoted their attention, resources to COVID, whether it's for therapeutics or for vaccine work, and we do expect, in fact our clients have told us that when that phase goes away they'll go back to the projects they were supposed to have been working on in 2020. So we have no concern that all of a sudden, if that's what you're alluding to, there will be a kind of a drop in either bookings or revenue, we do not expect that, and we've factored a lot of that potential variability into our guidance. That's the benefit of having such a wide diversified portfolio as we do have at IQVIA, both within our R&DS business and our TAS business. You should also realize that we are getting a lot of interest from public health authorities and also a lot from sponsors for pharmacovigilance, in other words tracking COVID patients. Our real world business is experiencing strong double-digit growth, and we expect continued interest in pandemic-related work in general. We all hope this will be the last time that it ever, but we also all know and understand that crises will happen in the future, and perhaps the magnitude of the COVID crisis has taught all of us a lot of interesting things that we are going to put in place going forward in terms of preparedness, in terms of patient tracking, in terms of monitoring what exactly -- you've seen our press release on the CARE Project with the FDA, where we are looking at patients who have potentially been exposed to COVID. We are connecting all the dots between their medical history and our de-identified patient records, understanding what types of vitamins they've been taking, what other drug regimens they've been under, and trying to determine a map of at-risk populations with a lot more precision than what's been done today. So all of those projects are in the pipe, and I expect those to continue irrespective of whether the COVID crisis ends or not. So again, everything has been factored into our guidance.
Ari Bousbib: Thank you. Well, okay, as I said in my introductory remarks, with respect to site initiation visits which -- and site startup activity, that's the area of our business that has seen the strongest improvement. In fact, the site initiation visits are back to baseline levels, and recruitment of positions obviously starting to follow. So I think actually very good moves on that front. The accessibility to sites for trials that are in flight hasn't quite recovered. We are currently at about, I want to say the -- I look at my team about 70%, right. We are currently for global, if you look globally at our sites we are back to about 70% normal accessibility. That's a bit below what we would have expected, but interestingly it's critical site, because a site is not a site is not a site. There are sites that are very tiny, and the relative incremental value of opening that sites doesn't mean as much. So we are focused on the ones that are most significant. So that's for in-flight trials, and we're returning gradually to normal activity there. For new trails, again site startup activities has resumed, site initiation as essentially the visits are where they should be normally pre-COVID levels, normally patient recruitment lives, but that has increased significantly throughout the quarter, patient recruitment was fundamentally disrupted, okay, because essentially everything was put on a hold, and we're gradually going back, we have good momentum, and we don't think we will recover to baseline level and sometime in 2021, but again all of that is factored into our guidance.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, absolutely. As you know, we've had great success with OCT coming from behind, and we therefore along with our partners Salesforce, we expanded the relationship to clinical tech platform in tools on the health cloud, we have seven technologies available today for digital sides and patient suites. The digital patient suite includes products such as eConsent, eCOA, and also patient portal. We will by the end of the year have the digital trial management suite go live probably before the end of the year, and the products will include CTMS, risk based monitoring, and the mobile CRA platform. So again, the fully orchestrated solution, OCT, that you're referring to, will be available by the end of this year. Again, we are also coming from behind in this area, but we will be claiming our fair share as we're doing in OCT on the commercial side. Thank you.
Ari Bousbib: Well, look, we've said that we should be seeing or reaching double-digit RDS growth in Q4, okay, and we do expect mid-teens in 2021. So, what needs to happen is all normal course of business based on the work that we've done that I described earlier in my reply to Eric's question, our guidance is being bottom-up, as we always do project-by-project and we make an assumption of -- look, I mean what needs to happen is things are going to happen, okay? The elections are going to be behind us, there will be more clarity in environment, there will be at least two or three vaccines out there, people have learned to live with this, people are moving on, and all of that will happen sometime in 2021 during the year. Obviously, this assumes when we say "Normal Business Conditions," it means that what we're seeing today, the trends that we're seeing today, the improvements that we are seeing today continue with a bit more stability in 2021 due to all of these factors being unclear, again, election behind, more clarity on the environment, vaccines learning to live with this thing, all of these assumes when we say stable business conditions it means there is no new pandemic, God forbid, or anything like that, and it's a new normal, if you will, and that's what we're assuming; nothing extraordinary, nothing needs to happen, I should point out that we haven't done any acquisitions of significance as you know really for the past two years. I mean we haven't been spent at the rate that we used to. This is all organic for the most part, and so again, we feel very good about this guidance.
Ari Bousbib: Look, the performance is the reflection of the sales, I can't say a different way of the resilience of the business, A lot of what we do is mission critical to our clients with or without the pandemic. Certainly the data business hasn't moved. If anything, there was -- if it proves how mission critical it was. We probably had the best visibility, I mean, you guys and a lot of people out there felt we were insane back at the beginning of the pandemic for giving relatively precise guidance for the balance of the year, and now here we are, and it looks like more or less we are on target and that it's not because we're geniuses, it's because we have visibility, we've got businesses that they allow us to have that visibility, and we are global. So, there are different stages of the pandemic in different parts of the world, so we can model this out, we have our internal database, deep analytics, predictive analytics, and modeling capability.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, I don't have to give you the exact contribution to vote, but it's not what's creating the very strong double-digit growth that we expect.
Ari Bousbib: By the way, our growth this year, underlying growth without the COVID work also, not that great growth, but…
Ari Bousbib: Yes, in Q4 also, yes, yes, but the flare-ups, I mean look, if it continues in the same proportion and occurrence, and frequency as we see now, that's what's factoring in our guidance, but again, eventually, with the advent of vaccines by the end of the year, or next year, we think all of that will -- and people we learn how to work with this, it's already happening. If you look at, again China is a good -- things are back to normal in China, I'd say entirely, I mean, it's not 100%, it's 95% plus accessible. There are flare-ups by the way in China, but people just work with this. Also again, we have to do some catch-up work, bear in mind, that's also factored into our guidance. We did a lot of remote monitoring this year when we couldn't access the site, and I think people forget that we are not going to move to 100% remote monitoring, okay? There is still a requirement by all regulatory authorities around the world that source document verification has to occur on site. FDA, all the regulatory explicitly require that the source document should not be shared remotely. So again, obviously, what has changed is the number of data points that might be looked at remotely like key safety and efficacy data for example, and so, there's reduced requirements on less critical data, but in general, we still have to do that work that we will not be able to do. So, all of that is, "Pent-up Demand" that needs to be addressed in the coming quarters, catch-up work, if you will.
Ari Bousbib: I don't know about that, because I'm not going to venture to make prediction on CSMS, I've been wrong in both directions. I have assumed they would go down and they went up, and I assumed they would go up, and they went down. So, look, what's factored into our guidance is kind of flattish five growth, okay, if it's plus 1%, plus 2%, I don't know; flattish growth, flattish for next year.
Ari Bousbib: More detail on the segments when we provide guidance in the ordinary course at the beginning of '21 when we share full-year results and Q4 results, and as we traditionally do, and we'll give more detail on segments there, because I'm sure you can derive based on the comments we made and on the overall guidance that the momentum we see now, three business segments will continue.
Ari Bousbib: And secondly, look, we have not done any share repurchase since we suspended our program. So, other than the shares that we repurchased in the first quarter when the last primary sponsor shares were sold and we participated into that secondary, and you know about that. That was in the first quarter pre-pandemic. We haven't done anything since then. I wish we had bought all the shares by the way at $85 a share, but we didn't, and so, we're going to start now optimistically after the earnings release, and there will be probably the markets. We don't have lots of time since we have to start before the end of the year anyway, and with respect to acquisitions, no, I mean there's nothing here for the balance of the year that would be materially different than what we've seen this year, that is relatively negligible M&A activity. In 2021, what's the assumption, Ron…
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I mean, Erin, you make a very good point, as you know we made a deliberate decision not -- by and large, not to do any restructuring of our workforce. We had maintained employment, and I might add base compensation as well. First of all, the crisis situation dictated that -- you know, that was the right thing to do to focus on our people and take care of our people, and number two, we anticipated the strong V-shaped recovery in Q4 and 2021, and obviously, we wanted to preserve our talents and resources, and so, we've not done anything. Now, obviously, we had any sustained situation that in a systemic way would force us to look at totally different environment for long-term, then we would change that and we do have levers, and the only thing that I can tell you is that we've had strong productivity, despite not reducing our workforce or our base compensation, we've learned like most companies to work remotely. We have very important study going on called the Future of Work internally, and we're trying to determine which roles -- and as you know, we have about 70,000 people. So, there are a lot of different roles in the company, and we are detailing which roles can actually work from home. What we've learnt during this pandemic, what office space do we really need, and if you are going to be behind your workstation all the day not interacting with other people, what's the need for having a physical presence at an office? Again, dependent on the geographies, there are countries where that's just required like in Japan, for example, others not and when we do home assist and so and so forth. So, there will be a lot of questions depending on the roles, and so, there will be changes to our real estate footprint no questions like most companies, but IT investments that we are making, it is to solidified the remote for more capabilities even further et cetera, but again, we've got very significant levers that we have by and large not touched.
Ari Bousbib: Right, remote monitoring of that which could be monitored remotely which is not everything, right. Not all components of a trial may be monitored remotely. Virtual trial is a trial that has been designed to be virtual, and that doesn't mean that there won't be onsite monitoring visit either, but it uses different technology than has been designed from the start, whereas remote monitoring is a component of regular trials that just happens to be that some of the data -- some of the activities are monitored remotely.
Ari Bousbib: Look, we have developed our guidance on TAS assuming what we see today continues, and there is no reason -- again we see in the worst of the pandemic performed very well. So, certainly when things return to most stable environment, we will continue our high single digit growth trajectory where we are now, and so, there aren't any specific parts of the business. Now remember the data business is zero to low single digit growth and that's kind of very stable. The analytics and services business again was mid to high single digits, and continues so on the high end of that range. The real world business is just on fire to be frank. I mean it was before on fire I mean in a positive way, and firing on all cylinders, and it was already in very strong double digit territory before the pandemic. It continued to be solid double digit territory before the pandemic, and is now expected to continue to grow at that same pace. Technology continues to pick up as the deployments of OCE are well on their way. Going very well I might add, and all of that will start generating the license revenue. We expect not a huge portion of TAS business, but very nice revenue of nice margins. So, all of that will continue, and so, this four segments of our business and when you do that math and you look at the momentum, no, there is no reason to anticipate -- there is no big -- there is no one big good guy that will affect this company's growth rate, and there is no big bad guy that would have said that that's [indiscernible]. Andrew, you have any…
Ari Bousbib: Yes, thank you, Shlomo. This OCS continued with exactly the same momentum that is moving about two thirds of time. As I mentioned in my introductory remarks, we have now since the beginning of the year won another 45 new clients, and that's now is total of 125 distinct clients. When we talk about the client, I mean it's one company. There are competitors out there that count five different wins with the same client as five. We count that as one. You mentioned 50,000. I think we are now -- correct me if I am wrong, Andrew, at 63 - 64,000.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, close to 65,000 users in deployment, and we expect that to continue to grow. That's a nice pipeline. Lots of conversations continue to go. So, the momentum here is unabated. No changes. Thank you, Shlomo. Thank you everyone.
Ron Bruehlman: Yes, just one thing I would emphasize, Bob, if there was a surprise versus where we were expecting early in the year, it's our analytics and consulting business has continued to be very strong, and I think Ari highlighted that in his prepared remarks that we were expecting some disruption due to business development activity, face-to-face selling being affected, and in fact that hasn't, our analytics and consulting visits has been quite strong.
Ron Bruehlman: We have solid growth next year in revenue in R&DS even excluding like COVID work. That's the short answer.
Ron Bruehlman: Well, you can expect in 2021 we'll spend some on acquisition share repurchase together, we'll trade-off between the two, and our normal assumption there which is valid in 2021 is about a $1.5 billion between the two during the course of the year.
Ron Bruehlman: Yes, on the remote monitoring side -- and stop me Patrick if I am not answer your specific question here, but remote monitoring side, we have largely been able to substitute for the work we would otherwise be doing onsite, but not 100% because there are still the requirement to be onsite to check source documentation at the site under FDA guidelines. Now, remote monitoring we should say is different than virtual trials. Virtual trials include patient tele visits, home health nursing, phlebotomy services, user --patient diaries and things of that nature. So, quite different in that regard, so, I think sometimes these two terms are confused, and people are saying that they are doing virtual trials when in fact what they are doing is remote monitoring.
