Nick Childs: Thank you, Mike, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our first quarter 2023 earnings call. With me today are Ari Bousbib, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Bruehlman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Eric Sherbet, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Mike Fedock, Senior Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis; and Gustavo Param, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Today, we will be referencing a presentation that will be visible during this call for those of you on our webcast. This presentation will also be available following this call in the Events and Presentations section of our IQVIA Investor Relations website at ir.iqvia.com. Before we begin, I would like to caution listeners that certain information discussed by management during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business which are discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. In addition, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call, which should be considered a supplement to and not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the press release and conference call presentation. I would now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO.
Nick Childs: Yes. I guess, Dave, I think the only thing I would say there is we saw your question sort of earlier this week and talked to the team, and we're not seeing any sort of slowdown in terms of clients not wanting to start trials. I mean as soon as they're signing and pushing and getting ready, they are pushing trials forward. So we're not seeing any delays, clients trying to slow down starts. We are seeing same trials move forward and not - and not seeing the dynamics that you're asking about.
Nick Childs: Yes. So all the growth numbers that we've given, Dan, on the call are all dollar-based. It's not a volume.
Nick Childs: Yes. I mean I wouldn't say if anything large, Elizabeth. I mean, again, you got to remember, trials are kind of vary from 3 to 5 years, it takes a while for all the pricing to pick up. We don't get that all and get it all upfront. So the pricing leads in over the course of the trials. Okay. And we will take one more question, please.
Nick Childs: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking to you again on our second quarter earnings call. Myself and the team will be available the rest of the day to take any other follow-up questions you might have. Thanks, everyone.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Thank you, Shlomo. No. Look, we had very strong bookings. It was one of our highest bookings quarter and I wouldn't read anything. It's not the first time, by the way, that Q1 next 12 months revenue from bookings is essentially flat to Q4. Next 12 months bookings, I can't detect any seasonality to that, but it's not the first time it happened. So I wouldn't read anything into it at all. It's just a question of mix, months of pass-throughs that are taken into the quarter or delayed. And we're reverting to more regular mix of projects with, as you know, an increasing share in oncology, which typically burn a little slower. That might have a little bit at the margins of an impact. But I wouldn't read anything into it.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Thank you, Anne. It's a good question. Look, TAS growth in the first quarter was within the range we expected. You are correct that the guidance we gave on an organic constant currency ex COVID basis for the year, I think our guidance is 7% to 9%. And therefore, 6% clearly is right under that. But we did tell you that we did fully expect Q1 to be just under that. So our expectations were more in the 6% to 7%, 6% to 8% for the first quarter and we expected a slower start as you suggest, due to the cautiousness we saw in December in customers' discretionary spending and so we assume this was going to spill over, as you suggest, into the Q1, and that's why we assume a slower start in the year for this business. The reason why it's a little lower than our long-term growth expectation is due to the analytics and consulting business piece of TAS. That is about, I want to say, just under 25% of the total business in TAS. And as we said many times before, it's the shortest cycle and contains the most discretionary spend activity of the entire TAS portfolio. So what we are seeing is not cancellations of projects, not decisions to not conduct the projects. For the most part, these are projects that need to be done, pricing and market access studies, as an example, have to be done at some point. But the discretionary aspect applies to timing for the most part, okay? No one has a project that they don't need to do. These are products that need to be done, but they don't need to be done right this second. And we are seeing customers delaying decisions and pushing things to the right. That is what gives us confidence that in the latter part of the year, those projects will have to be done. So that's why we maintain our 7% to 9% organic constant currency excluding guidance for the year. Now we expect that cautiousness to continue into the second quarter. And we're assuming growth so far in line with the first quarter. Again, we're not seeing any customers walking away from projects or canceling anything. It's just consistent with what we saw at the end of Q4, delaying a project. We do expect the situation to improve in the second half because the pipelines are stronger and the customers eventually need to actually spend on those projects.
Ari Bousbib: Right. And as I mentioned in my introductory remarks, we have been able to offset some of that unfavorable impact of stock shortages that Ron just brought up and we talked about before because site selection has been accelerating. I mentioned it was up double digits year-over-year and that increased productivity helped us in the quarter, and we expect we'll continue to do so the rest of the year. We also - I mentioned also in my introductory remarks, are introducing rapidly more technology at the site in order to free up personnel time and increase our productivity.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I mean the answer is in your question. We have a very strong momentum. We operate the vast majority of what we do is in the sweet spot of the clinical trial process, it's Phase III stuff. We're not affected by the primate issue, zero. And even in the primate issue continues for the next 3 years, you wouldn't see it at all in our numbers. We've already looked at that. And we continue to gain share. I know I gave examples on the FSP segment, it's true across the board in oncology, we just are winning in the marketplace. We displaced incumbents in a number of occasions with large clients. I think I don't see any - really no issues whatsoever on the R&DS front, not say for the execution and operational issues we have encountered. I mentioned that the attrition levels are coming down. I mean, I said before that the peak of the attrition a year ago, so we had more than 20% attrition, which is horrendous and we're now back to - I said pre-pandemic levels, actually well below that, which is barely over 10%, which is amazing and very good. And that enables us to do a lot more work, a lot faster. Thank you, David.
Ari Bousbib: Okay. Well, look, on a full year basis, we're expecting actually obviously less reimbursable expenses because of the disappearance of the COVID work, which was, as you suggest, very high pass-through expenses for those COVID vaccine trials. I wouldn't read much in the quarter because this volatility and depends on the mix of what you executed. So I don't -- I'm not -- to be honest, the book-to-bill is more or less similar to we -- I think you -- I read you know , I religiously do that before the call, your first flash note and you asked why we only reported our 606, our book-to-bill at 1.28. And by the way, I asked the same question to the team when they gave me the first draft and I agree with the rationale. As you've seen in recent quarters, essentially the numbers have tended to converge, which is essentially what we expected to happen. We will give you the breakdown or the ex reimbursable expenses book-to-bill, when we think there is -- when there is a big discrepancy and it is a significant and helps give you understanding of what happened in the quarter in terms of bookings. But if it's very close as it was last quarter as it is this quarter, which is not going to do that. The change to 606 standard that happened more than 5 years ago and none of our competitors actually disclosed that level of granularity or report any extra reimbursable expenses book-to-bill. But again, I wouldn't read and you might more here in the quarter, Nick or Ron, any commentary or color on Eric's question.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. And Eric, the - just on the past because again, we -- I mentioned we did execute faster this past quarter on our NDS backlog. It's true we built - we accelerated. That's a - this is why we recognize more revenue. And as a result, there were more pass-through during the first quarter. I don't know that it's going - I don't think you'll see the same in the next few quarters based on the modeling I saw.
Ari Bousbib: Again, in theory, yes, but we don't expect that to happen. I mean there will be eventually other models, and they will become available. I mean, I don't -- we're not worried about this at all.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Thank you. Just to clarify, the M&A spend has nothing to do with funding. It's not included in the funding numbers. So these are two different and independent points. The heightened M&A activity is a plus, obviously, and is a tailwind for us. As you know, we've got large clients that are buying molecules for which work needs to be done. So this is generally a favorable trend for us. Thank you.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. The comment on TAS is just correct. That's our expectation currently based on the pipeline. What was the first question? I'm sorry.
Ari Bousbib: Remains very strong, same. Nothing - really nothing changed on the real-world side. On the -- it really, really varies. There are clients who like to start even before FDA approval, sometimes well before when the early results are strong, data is good in the trial, they get - they want to get prepared. And we do those studies early, sometimes it's around the time of the approval. Sometimes it's a little later. Again, it depends, by the way, it depends on the market. Some clients may decide to introduce a drug in Europe or in some markets in Europe before others, et cetera, and it has to do with when the approvals in specific geographies occur. So it really varies. There's no [indiscernible] lead time. And that's why, again, quarter-on-quarter is discretionary. It's going to have to be done, but you can delay when you do it.
Ari Bousbib: Okay. Justin, thank you for your four questions. And I'm just going to answer briefly the last one, and then I suggest that the team will be available here the rest of the day and the next few days to answer any further questions. But the - on your question about market share, there's no way around it. I've said it before, and we again did this quarter. We have a high book-to-bill ratio around on the largest base revenue, you can assume that there is a gain share that's ongoing. The specific segments, I mentioned in my introductory remarks, in oncology, we know we are growing a lot faster and we are gaining share, that's by therapeutic area. And then in terms of the segments, again, it's across the board, but it was particularly significant this past quarter in FSP as well. So that's the color I can give you on share. Thank you.
Ron Bruehlman: Yes. And Dave, if there's any slowness anywhere, it's just in some of the execution because of the labor issues at some of the sites. That would be the one place where we could burn faster and the industry could burn faster if there weren't the labor issues at the site.
Ron Bruehlman: Yes. Look, we did have a little bit higher revenue from pass-throughs in the quarter. But as Ari said, I wouldn't read too much into the quarter-to-quarter and over a longer time period, you're analysis is correct with COVID work rolling off, there should be a decline in pass-through revenues. And yes, it's exactly on the book-to-bill. We just -- we're what 5 years in 6, 7 years in now since the change in the accounting and we'll only talk to on the book-to-bill, the services versus pass-through book-to-bill on the 605 versus 606 when there's a significant difference to talk about, and there wasn't this quarter.
Ron Bruehlman: No, we didn't give an explicit DSO number. In fact, we don't typically give a number. You guys can back calculate. We were happy with the cash flow in the quarter. One thing I would want to remind everyone is in the first quarter, it's typically a weak quarter for cash flow because most of our incentive comp -- annual incentive comp is paid in the first quarter. Yes, there's some tax impacts too. Incentive comp is probably the biggest. It was strong. We were happy with our cash flow and not quite as strong as last year, but last year was an unusually strong first quarter for cash flow.
Ron Bruehlman: DSOs on a quarter-to-quarter basis is fairly flattish. On a year-over-year basis, it's up a little bit and a lot of that has to do with the burning through the COVID-related advances that we got. So it was fully expected.
Ron Bruehlman: Yes. The 3 years just related to the length of time it takes to get from the discovery work in the Phase II and Phase III trials. There's a long delay between that. So yes, of course, theoretically, if there is a protracted issue, it affects everybody in the industry. We don't expect that to happen.
Ron Bruehlman: Look, I wouldn't put a lot of emphasis on quarter-to-quarter backlog burn as you calculate it there. It's not something that we pay a lot of attention to internally. I can tell you, you'll get variations like in the fourth quarter, we had very strong pass-through bookings, which pushes up the backlog some, but then those tend to burn later in the trial. And you'll see impacts like that affect any one quarter, like particularly the next quarter's burn rate. So overall, as Ari made the point, we tend to work on more complicated trials in oncology trials, in particular, tend to be longer, slower burn trial. So we may have slower burn on average than some of the others in the industry based upon our particular mix of projects, but that's more a macro long-term consideration than it is a quarter-to-quarter sort of variation driver.
Ron Bruehlman: Look, our real world and technology, we tend to talk about them together because they're the faster growers and continued to be very solid growers in the quarter. As Ari pointed out, it was the analytics and consulting business that really slowed down in the quarter because a lot of that is shorter cycle business and can be delayed. We've always talked about information being a slower grower. So you know about that. And so you kind of piece it together, the difference versus prior quarters really relates to the analytics and consulting business, some of that shorter cycle business being delayed. It's really as simple as that. That's why we saw a little bit of a slowdown in the underlying core growth rate in the TAS business.
