Andrew Markwick: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our third quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Ari Bousbib, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Michael McDonnell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Eric Sherbet, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Nick Charles, Senior Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis; and Jen Halchak, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Today, we will be referencing a presentation that will be visible during this call for those of you on our website. This presentation will also be available following this call on the Events and Presentations section of our IQVIA Investor Relations website at ir.iqvia.com. Before we begin, I would like to caution listeners that certain information discussed by management during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business which are discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. In addition, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call which should be considered a supplement to, and not a substitute for, financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the press release and conference call presentation. I would now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Ari Bousbib.
Andrew Markwick: Yes. Looking at the fourth quarter in particular, I think, if you look back to last year we see a sequential ramp Q3 to Q4 for EBITDA. I think we had about 10% growth for EBITDA in the fourth quarter last year. And I'll guide this year and probably something very similar. The fourth quarter ramp is standard for our business. I mean, as a reminder we usually see our Technology and Analytics Solutions business ramp in the fourth quarter. That revenue is higher margin revenue and drives on a more sequential margin improvement during the year. And for the last few years, I think, Q4 EBITDA has come in around that same kind of proportion of full year EBITDA. I think as you think about the medium-term and EBITDA for us we've said that we're kind of delivering top-line acceleration. And we've always said that we don't want to give up on a point of revenue growth for margin expansion and that can deliver a lot more value over time. Now I think you're very familiar with our history and our commitment to margin expansion. And we've also said that we -- as well as delivering revenue acceleration we also want to deliver margin expansion as we go forward. Now it's not going to be to the same rate as you've seen in the past. But we're committed to that but we need to face the we're -- this acceleration is coming from technology deployments, which creates pressure to margins. We're investing -- we're still investing in data assets whether that be in the emerging markets or specialty areas. We've got to bring employees in and new recruits to deliver on the clinical trial side as we've won. So we've got a large backlog to deliver on. And we've also got to bring people in to deliver on the deployments from Roche and Novo as well as the other two top 15 pharma clients that we secured this quarter. So there's a lot going on in the base. We're committed to expansion. I think, the Q4 ramp is normal on a sequential basis and we've kind of laid out what to expect for the next few years.
Andrew Markwick: Yes I think we've always said that we look to deploy between $1 billion and $1.5 billion every year towards M&A and share repurchase. The size of share repurchase will obviously depend on M&A opportunities. But if you look at history on average we spend about $500 million a year on M&A. So that stepped down a little bit. I think so far this year we've deployed about $1 billion and the bulk of that has really gone toward share repurchase as we see the stock as a good investment.
Andrew Markwick: Hi, Tycho. This is Andrew. I mean, OCE I think we've spent a long time in 2017 building it the new offering there. One of the key moves forward for us with the partnership with Salesforce we're obviously platforming OCE on a best-in-breed technology platform there and it helps with us in terms of the functionality. OCE for us also embeds multiple different functions so it's not just a CRM tool for sales reps. It also brings into the mix marketing campaign management, brings it into the next home office operation. So, I think when you look at the likes of the large pharma countries and many of the 70-plus wins we've had to date the clients like the fact that they can put this tool in the hands of more than one person within their organization. So both the sales rep and the marketing team have the same tool, they have the same version of the truth. The sales rep becomes aware that the marketing team is sending out email campaigns. They know what a doctor has done with that. They know, if the doctor has opened it, if they requested more information have they logged on to social media and commented about it. They just become a lot more informed. The tool also then uses artificial intelligence and machine learning to help streamline the tasks. So, a sales rep will get suggestions for meeting invites. It will help place those calls in the sales rep's calendar. If a sales rep gets to the stage where they've got one last visit they can make in day it will use artificial intelligence to make next best doctor recommendations and look at rankings of doctors who their next best visit could be and where they can have the most success. So really we're bringing a very intuitive tool to market that brings together multiple functions within an organization and utilizes AI and machine learning within the application as well. And I think platforming on Salesforce is key as they've got a great technology there. They can focus on the platforming capabilities and it gives us the ability to really focus on building best-in-breed end user applications.
Andrew Markwick: The TAS segment, yeah, I mean, I think, we told you before that segment is roughly about 4.5 billion. I think you're right David it kind of breaks out roughly into one-third, one-third, one-third of that segment is the legacy IMS data offering which is kind of script and wholesaler data which you pretty much sell to everyone. But in order to grow in other areas, we maintain that business flat. So you should expect kind of flattish growth in that area. The two growth drivers in the segment are really real-world and technology. They're growing nice double digits. Real-world obviously, a little bit of acceleration this quarter as well driving organic growth for the segment up to the 8%, mark and tech continues to be strong as well. And then you're left with kind of analytics and services based businesses which are kind of in that mid-single-digit range. They could be a little bit lumpy, maybe high single, low single, but kind of mid-single growth on average I think, so that, gets you to that kind of the growth rate we're seeing now of the segment inching towards high single-digit organic growth. And then the acceleration going forward will come from those, kind of, the areas that are higher quality, higher margin, for the future which is real-world and technology.
Andrew Markwick: Yeah. The traction there, yeah, I think the branded offering we've said before, we're looking to deploy that in the end of 2020, and coming up to the end of this year. So the full suite isn't in market yet. We've had success with different parts we're offering. So if you look at our regulatory compliance, tech platforms vigilance and so on they're around in the market. We've had good success there. Mobile CRA, we've actually got the bulk of our CRAs in the organization actually using mobile CRA. And we're trying to sell that to our clients as well. eTMF which is one that's in the market as well and we've had some good success. I'd note that, the Roche deal that we announced previously was for the OCE contract. eTMF is one thing they bought, but they bought it on the commercial side. We made a kind of a horizontal play there, and built that platform out for commercial content management capabilities, as well. So we've already got large Pharma kind of coming to the table and interested in these offerings. I think, the 70-plus OCE deals, we've had so far this year, plus -- and the fact that we've had Roche and Novo sign up and two more top 15 large pharma clients this quarter goes to show further that we're building ourselves to become an increasingly larger technology-based company. And I think, that's where we want our growth to come from in the future.
Andrew Markwick: Yeah. And we've seen a lot of success with the trials. And you're right we said at our Analyst Day that we had roughly 200 trials that were kind of deep into the mix where we were able to monitor and look at the success, we're having versus trials we've had in the past. We said then that the speed and in terms of reduction -- in site, I think, comes versus historical benchmarks, we were thinking about a 40% improvement. And predictability, which would be the reduction in non-enrolling terms versus historical benchmarks was around 60%, and productivity improvements in terms of faster recruitment rates versus historical benchmarks was around 30% at actual...
Andrew Markwick: In terms of what we've sold, we've got 5.8 billion in terms of customer -- awards for the core pilot smart trials.
Andrew Markwick: I was just looking it was something like $700 million this quarter in terms of the bookings. And as Ari said that, kind of from launch to the offering to date about two-thirds of those are with large pharma. So everything large pharma increasing...
Andrew Markwick: Okay. Thanks very much Dave. And thanks everyone for taking the time to join us today. And we look forward to speaking with everyone again on our fourth quarter 2019 earnings call. There are still a lot of questions in the queue. So Jen and I will be available to take any follow-ups for the rest of the day.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Thanks Eric. Look, we're very excited. It took some time. As we've said many many times, unlocking previously locked out accounts, as they were known in the industry was a major goal for us. We've done a few by now. This one was a very important win that we had been working on literally for the past couple of years. We did win a couple of small studies, where they wanted to test out our new capabilities and see whether there was really real value there and that prompted them. So again, the main trigger and driver for the displacement here was our new set of smarter trial capabilities. And they decided to essentially replace their existing providers with us. I can't say much more. Bookings in the quarter, I can't -- I think we can get to that follow-up. But I don't think it was very significant. The preferred provider arrangement was executed in the quarter. That's why we are reporting it. But there was nothing much there. The pipeline for that particular client is very strong. And we do expect that this is going to result in significant bookings going forward.
Ari Bousbib: 5 20 exactly that's right. On smart trials and on the dollar value almost 2/3 of that is with large pharma but it's quite significant. But in the quarter it continued that kind of a breakdown. We gave about 2/3 almost 2/3 of pharma and the balance EVP. And as I mentioned in my structural remarks, a very strong, continued strong EVP funding environment year-to-date at the level of 2017.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. So as you know, we've been in the market with OCE for -- I think we announced the launch at the end of 2017 and we really took it to market at the beginning of 2018 so it's not even two years. It's one year and three quarters and we've had over 70 wins to date. It's a market that is occupied largely by one company. And we believe and the feedback from our customers is that our products and solutions are superior in terms of functionality, cost to deploy and efficiency and a number of other aspects. So we again won over 17 new customers for this new product. The sales cycle is fairly long. That's why people like technology. It's once you're in you're in for a long time. So it's hard to displace existing solutions. These are enterprise-wide solutions often and they -- switching costs are very high. But we're very pleased to have won so many new engagements. It takes time to deploy. If it's a global deployment, it could take one year or more or potentially two years if it's in a lot of countries. And the deployment phase does not contribute much. It's not so profitable, it's more labor-intensive in the initial phases. And of course the upside is when the solution is being used by the client and they pay size licenses which are -- which is really when we recoup our investments and contribute significantly to both revenue and profits. So I think in the quarter there wasn't much from the wins. No of course not. And there will be some contribution from implementation over the next 12 months but -- from these new wins but really not much to profits.
Ari Bousbib: The good news with us is that no one client has an impact one way or the other. We have I want to remind you over 8,000 clients globally. And this is precisely the reason why when that particular client – we have a great relationship with Biogen obviously and we are committed to our strong partnership, because they advance the science. But when they decided to put that trial on hold and we took that out – made that adjustment out of our backlog we didn't change our revenue expectation. You will recall that. So just as – on the downside, it didn't affect us so too on the upside, there's not one client that is going to change our overall guidance for the year or in the years ahead. We did at our Investor Day indicate to all of you that our expectation for growth over the next three-year period 2020 to 2022 was higher growth rate as a company overall and for the R&D and the TAS segments in particular. And that includes – that included the expectation that we were going to win and we still expect to win more preferred provider. My reporting to you that we did sign that this preferred provider agreement with this other company is simply to support those growth – expected growth expectations. Those accelerated growth expectations. With respect to Biogen again so far obviously there is just a decision to re-apply. The particular work associated with it hasn't been yet signed or totally formalized, and therefore it's not in the backlog. I remind you that we changed three years ago our practice and only we – on back of that for which we are contracted for. And so that's not yet there.
Ari Bousbib: Well, yeah, I think the – I mean Mike gave a commentary in his prepared remarks regarding the fourth quarter. I think TAS we obviously saw an acceleration this quarter. I think as you go into Q4 we see continued strength. There is – obviously a tough comp that's where we started to see the acceleration in Q4 2018. R&D continued to strengthen and on a services basis we expect an improvement. Don't forget we see lumpiness from pass-throughs. In this quarter, it was about 200 basis points headwind.
Ari Bousbib: Okay. Well I said before it's very hard to displace incumbents' technology providers by definition. We've said a long time ago that that was our goal. These are large companies, multiple therapeutic areas, other geographies. We're very pleased that for each one of them in a very large geography; U.S. and Asia respectively and for one of them even one particular therapy area we were able to do the displacement. Now it's natural that that's the way it works. We are working hard to expand our relationships with all our customers and we hope to expand from there.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Look we are more impatient than you are about margins. Trust me we're working very hard on trying to even sustain those margins. I think it's a very, very good level of performance given the amount of the investment and work that's going on. The first point I'd like to highlight is margin expansion can be lumpy between quarters and even years, okay? When we talk about margin expansion, we look at it in terms of trend line for multiple years. Now we've always said, we are not going to sacrifice top line growth or margins. You can do the math. One extra point of revenue growth is always -- delivers always more value to shareholders than one extra point of margin. Having said that, you know our history and our stated mission and that is that we're not going to compromise on margins. We've committed to an expanding margin trend line even though as you just pointed out there are quarters where that might not be the case. We explained during our recent investor conference and every time we interact with you guys that we have been investing for this growth acceleration and that can cause additional lumpiness in margin expansion. We get the large OCE deployments. We won Roche and Novo deployments globally. We are bringing a new suite of products to market the OCT, Orchestrated Clinical Trial, a suite of applications. We've been investing since the merger three years ago on the smarter trial automation techniques and we continue to do that. Virtual trials we continue doing very expensive data scientists and software experts. They are expensive. We compete in the marketplace. This is a view unemployment economy. So all of that has -- if we did nothing else certainly our margins would contract. That's not the case on the trend line. And of course there's also a mix impact. Our data business which is very high margin is essentially flat and the other businesses are growing. These are businesses that won't have as attractive margins. We've acquired some businesses. Most of the time these businesses are small, low profit or no profit margin contributors and that also adds to the problem in the mix. And finally the good news is the CSMS business is improving, but it cost us lower margins. So it will affect our margins. So we are dealing with a growth horizon that's very attractive with topline acceleration. In order to generate that we've got to invest, that's obviously headwinds to our margins. We're dealing with a change in the mix and that also is a headwind to our margins. So we expect to see margin expansion resume in the fourth quarter. That's what I expect. Now that's in line with normal seasonality in the business and look we are the highest margin performer in certainly in the industry and certainly if you compare to our publicly traded peers on the clinical trial side on the CRO side by several points. And so we continue to face pressure from competition. We're squeezing them. We've been gaining share over these competitors. There's one place they can go to and we're trying very hard to hold the line. So this is the context we're facing. Now in this context to come in with our profits above our midpoint guidance, I think is very good and we're very pleased with that. I know you're impatient. You'd like to see further margin acceleration and we too and we expect that to happen over the mid-term as we signaled at our investor conference.
Ari Bousbib: There's nothing unique about quarters. This is exactly as you said some of this is lumpiness in quarters when the contracts get signed. I remind you that we are on a contracted basis. So the contract gets signed by the end of the quarter it's in the quarter. If it's not it's going to be next quarter. So I don't -- I wouldn't read too much. The environment remains very healthy. Our pipeline of qualified leads is growing high-teens versus prior year. It's really very, very strong across the board, particularly strong bookings I might add to give you a bit more color on the full clinical side of the house. Really, really strong. I mean, I don't normally want to give those numbers. But in the full clinical side, which is the more attractive segment of what we do it's actually over 1.5 in the quarter on a services basis, which is really what matters frankly. I don't know why people pay any attention, whatsoever, on book-to-bill ratios on a 606 basis. They are absolutely meaningless. The lumpiness and difficulty to approximate pass-through payments. As you know when you look at our numbers on an LTM basis, we had that big adjustment in the first quarter, which we were just reminded of a moment ago by one of your colleagues. And that was disproportionately weighted towards pass-throughs. So really to -- first of all we got to focus on LTM numbers. And I strongly encourage you to ask from our peers that they give you the number on a services revenue-only because these pass-throughs are extremely lumpy, they can vary a lot by mix of business and there is a high degree of estimation -- probability estimation judgment involved. And we want -- we tend to be extremely conservative. So that's all I'll say on that. But again I won't derive any significant conclusions one quarter versus the other. This is a -- it's very strong. We're gaining share. We continue to have a very strong momentum on our bookings. The team is executing superbly and it frankly is exceeding our expectations.
Ari Bousbib: Okay, I'll take the last part of your question. Most of those wins, it's about -- they are with mid-sized or EBT segment and those will take no more than a year to deploy. The large pharma deals again if it's one country, one geography it's also about a year, at the most six months to a year. When you've got large deployments like the Roche win, which is in over 100 countries then that could take a couple of years, year and half to a couple of years. And then that's when you start seeing the ramp and the revenue and profit contribution, which we are starting to see from the wins last year. So that should come in. And at that time in the -- if you want to quantify it, I would say towards the middle to end part of 2020, we should start seeing significant contribution from all those wins accumulated to date. And as to the manpower, you are absolutely correct. This is to someone else's question earlier, this is what's causing some pressure on our margin is we've got to hire the people. We've got to -- and they are expensive. They are a scarce commodity and strong economy. Thank God. So we are facing the costly manpower deployments in the initial stages. But look we're here for the long-term. We will deliver much higher margin otherwise we compromise longer term growth prospects and we don't want to do that.
Michael McDonnell: Sure. So I say for the total company we are -- we were in the quarter at -- or once you when you peel out the acquisition's contribution and the pass-throughs for the quarter total company grew at 7%. For the Technology Analytics Solutions, we were at almost 8%. And for the R&D Solutions was 6.8%.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. So Dan, it's Mike. I'd say that you've seen -- if you calculate backlog burn just based on revenue over starting quarter backlog obviously, we've been adding backlog at a very advanced rate and so that percentage naturally decreases. And we're not -- it's not one that we're overly focused on. I think that the takeaway here as we mentioned in our prepared remarks is that we feel like we're very well-positioned. The bookings continue to be strong. We had a very good complement of core clinical bookings during the quarter in particular. And we do see the growth accelerating in R&DS as we head into 2020 as we said in our prepared remarks.
Michael McDonnell: I think we've got lots of question in the queue, but I think we're coming up on the hour. So let's try and squeeze in one more. And then I think that will be our last question for today.
