Ari Bousbib: Thanks for the question, Jack. Yeah. Look, it's a mixed bag in terms of R&D funding. As always, there are studies that are being pulled based on developments in the market, pricing and otherwise and competing trials. But as in really for the past year or two, emerging bio-pharma, we see has increasing funding. With respect to - and also, I would just add a comment that some large pharma, in the context of perhaps more rational evaluation of the portfolios and of the cost structure at the same time, are in-sourcing parts of their development. Now, Next-Gen is largely unaffected by this, because it's new and different. In fact, as I mentioned in my introductory remarks, we won a preferred provider status with a large pharma that essentially previously had - did not outsource any CRO work. And that's largely on the back of the Next-Gen capabilities. In fact, we even have clients asking us to provide the Next-Gen capability if you will in combination with their resources. And we are evaluating some of those type of hybrid joint partnership models with some of our clients. With respect to revenue accelerating, it's a little bit more than one-year cycle unfortunately. Generally, nice bookings we had this quarter. And again, it was a very strong bookings quarter. I've seen some of your notes, not you particularly, but some of your colleagues' notes and with - again, the math is not quite correct. The bookings are actually very strong this quarter. It's one of the best bookings quarter, the book-to-bill we had in a long time. And so, with acceleration of revenue, we still have to go through the cycle, we had those bad bookings last year. And so we got to cycle through that. And probably through the end of 2018, we will see the benefits of - we start seeing the benefits of the higher bookings this quarter and the previous one. Thank you.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah, with respect to the third quarter, the FX essentially is where we said we will expect it to be when we gave guidance, so not much has helped here. It helps year-over-year. But relative to the guidance we gave, that is - it has not changed. So it didn't help us. We actually came in higher than our guidance on every metric: revenue, EBITDA and EPS for this quarter. The implied - because we came higher, the implied - we never gave guidance for the fourth quarter, but we have the guidance for the year. So, yeah, since the guidance for third quarter was lower than what we came in at, then fourth quarter imply that you would have derived by subtraction, given our guidance for the year would have been a little higher. Because Q3 came higher, then Q3 ends up being a little bit perhaps lower than you would have expected, at the end, for the year I think we have the broad range, talking about revenue of $8 billion to $8.1 billion. And I think we have now better visibility, again, assuming if everything else is the same, FX is the same, and I think we - if you add the numbers, it's…
Ari Bousbib: Right, it's [a80.20 to 80.60a] [ph]. If you add up the year to date numbers with the guidance, we're providing today for the fourth quarter. Again, if you - the other things that there that change, of course, relative to the original guidance is that we sold Encore. And that Encore business takes out about $25 million of the revenue. So if you go back to the guidance we gave, which we have not - we had not changed the entire year, right, which was $8 billion to $8.1 billion for the full year revenue. We are now at [a80.20 to 80.60a] [ph], but since then we took out $25 million of revenue from the Encore business. So apples to apples, if you're speaking about the midpoint, I know you guys focus on the midpoint, we actually - the number that we provided is higher, again, reflecting the strong performance this quarter and last quarter. Yeah, thank you for the question. It enables me to clarify.
Ari Bousbib: Acquisitions contributed about a 1.5 to overall growth. And by the way, on the commercial side, it's about 0.5 point or really less than the growth on the commercial side was from acquisitions. The rest was in R&D. You might recall that we bought in the fourth quarter of last year a company called TKL, a small CRO that focused on dermatology. And so that's some of the acquisition driven contribution to R&D Solutions' growth. We also bought, though it was in some time in the middle of the quarter and it's not huge revenues, but nevertheless it did contribute a little bit, a company called DrugDev, which is included in our R&D Solutions business. And it's an attractive technology platform that it has, we think highly differentiated and very attractive tools for study startup, payments and clinical trial optimization. With this acquisition in the midst of the third quarter and a little bit of revenue, it's very low revenue. We paid a lot of money for it. It's actually the bulk of the spend in the quarter. But it contributed a little bit of revenue as well to R&D Solutions. Okay, I hope that helps and gives you more color.
Ari Bousbib: The answer is, it does accelerate that. We're building tools internally. We're also collaborating with salesforce.com. So these tools are based on a common platform. And you will hear us on more. You might recall, a much tinier business, but we did acquire a small company called Wingspan, which is for regulated content management, the tool, and very highly complementary with DrugDev, which is more in the area of study startup and payment processing. I'm really looking forward to the investor conference in a couple of weeks, because we plan to demo some of these tools and share more detail about that initiatives, I hope that you can attend.
Ari Bousbib: But also if I may, just add this - we are actually accelerating investments there and we are - that wasn't your question, I just anticipate. We are going a little faster and anticipated on our synergy ramp and on our productivity initiatives. And because of that we feel we can afford the accelerated investments. So net-net as you probably would note, we still are year-over-year even though the compares are hard to do, because we weren't merged company last year, but we have even a little bit of margin expansion year-to-date, I think, it's around 30 basis points of margin expansion. And fourth quarter, we will see maybe a little bit also margin expansion, but not as much again, because we are investing largely in the Next-Gen and in the clinical technology suite that you just referred to. Thank you.
Ari Bousbib: I'm sorry. We missed the - maybe you were on mute. We missed the beginning of your question. If you don't mind repeating. And by the way, welcome back.
Ari Bousbib: Well, yes, it is resonating, and yes, competitors are trying to catch-up and entering our kinds of partnerships and doing acquisitions and so on. And we think that's good, it validates our strategy and elevates the gain for everyone. We still busy, we have truly undifferentiated - truly unparalleled datasets technology platform, frankly, years of experience ahead of the curve. So I think, the message is resonating, yes, of course, there's always noise. People say, well, we also have data, we also have technology, when you peel the onion, though, you'll see the true difference. I mentioned in my remarks that we are starting to see a lot of interest prompted by regulatory actions in the 21st Century Cures Act, which increased the demand for real-world insights. This is about trying to find new indications for existing drugs, and utilizing secondary data and analytics that, frankly, we believe, we are uniquely positioned to provide, we see a lot of demand. So actually the business in the quarter grew double-digit, the real-world business. It's consistent with long-term historical growth rate that we see for real-world certainly on - in the IMS legacy business. And even the late-stage study business at Quintiles grew double-digits in the quarter. On the whole - our outlook for the business remains very strong, and we continue to see synergies on how we go to market, so very positive outlook there.
Ari Bousbib: No. Because, it is largely driven by clients and by the idiosyncratic aspects of the study, and as you know it's high process driven, a lot of regulatory issues, pricing, safety, et cetera. So we don't see any delays that's moving or acceleration due to competitive pressures.
Ari Bousbib: Our next question comes from the line of Derik de Bruin of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah, I mean, look it's - what we disclosed all the awards, so it always takes a little bit of time to get into contract. Today, about three quarters approximately of the Next-Gen awards that we've disclosed. And I said, we have approximately, since the merger $900 million worth of awards. About three quarters of that is in the disclosed backlog, which is contracted. How much of that has translated into revenue, it's a very little so far. I would say of that maybe - I think, it's the high-single-digits maybe 8%. I'd like to look more precisely, but it cannot be more than 7%, 8%.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. We've said that's part of our guidance, we've always said that acquisitions we present 1 to 2 points of our growth. Now, it can be lumpy. There could be a very rich quarter, where we end up closing a lot of these deals or not. So in this quarter happens to be point and a half, right in the middle of what we usually expect. You could have a quarter, where it's less than one. You could have a quarter, it's more than two. But in general, 1 to 2 points is what we anticipate. It's generally has been historically on the commercial side. Now this past quarter has been mostly on the benefit there has been on the R&D side. And as I said about 0.5 point, or actually less than a 0.5 point of the growth on the commercial side came from acquisitions. The rest was in R&D.
Ari Bousbib: No. We - again, we just - we're not buying to buy. We're just buying, because we're building out a strategy behind it. It's all mostly technology based companies that give us unique capabilities, so we can move to next centuries clinical trial processes, and improve - or continue to improve our suite of commercial applications. Number one and number two, when there is a whole in our offerings like in the case of the TKL acquisition on the clinical side, we bought a small CRO. And we are, of course, always looking at that. There aren't that many such opportunities, but we're looking at that. With respect to larger acquisitions, of course, we have an obligation to look at them, and we have and we'll continue to look, when they come up. But in every single case, we've moved away, while we might have wanted to do the acquisition, we moved away, because we felt there was a very large disconnect between the valuation expectation, and what we were prepared to pay. So we'll continue to be very discipline in our capital allocation, as you know, we have a great problem, which is we generate a lot of cash flow. We are very effective repatriating the overseas cash in a tax efficient manner. And we may generate from time-to-time cash from divestiture. So the combination of our operating cash flow, our tax efficient repatriations. Plus we have communicated to you before that the type of net leverage that we have today, which is anywhere between 4 and 4.5, we feel it's an appropriate capital structure for a business of our type and our cash flow profile, and risk characteristics. Given the current rate environment, again, our average cost of debt after tax is just over 2%. So it will be really uneconomic to - for us to pay down debt with our extra cash. So absent incremental CapEx internally, or absent acquisitions beyond 1% to 2%. You're going to see us continue to actively do share repurchase, which we feel is an efficient way to return cash to our shareholders, and we believe the stock is very underpriced and is a great value.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Dave. The - what we believe today, is that Next-Gen capabilities are applicable to 50% to 60% of the trials. And one of the reasons that we've upped that number since the merger is, because what's in the pipeline of the molecules is more and more a complex stuff, a specialty oncology diabetes, very tight area, CV or otherwise, where the patient population is very scarce. And again, this is all about accelerating patient site identification and patient enrollment. And again, I invite you to attend our investor conference in a couple of weeks, we plan to demo and go through a number of case studies, so you'll see the value. Now I should add that the reason why we don't think it's applicable to 100%, it's not, because it's not doable. It simply because it has no value for the balance of the pipeline that is you don't need to deploy those tools, it's a pretty well-known therapy area. Everyone knows where the sites of the patients are, and based on empirical data, and it's not that complicated, that's not the issue in those trials. But I think - we think that we can have - we can generate great value in 50% to 60% of the portfolio. I'd finally say that we also are applying Next-Gen tools to existing ongoing trials, where recruitment is falling behind, including in studies where we were brought in to replace an existing CRO that was underperforming. So that actually has been great, but it's been a little bit of distraction in terms of delaying, in terms of resources and so on. So we've been actually recruiting faster and more than we had anticipated in terms of the ramp on Next-Gen.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah, I think, it's the latter. I mean, in theory, the answer would be yes, but there aren't enough trials to make a real dent. Yeah, it's maybe in the rounding. We have a $10 billion plus backlog. So there is a lot - this is a very large company. This is - it's always very hard to compare our company to competitors in one segment of our business or another, because it's a large company. We have a huge backlog and lots of trials at any given point in time. But it doesn't take much today, referred to our resources, even one trial. And so, that, yes, certainly, revenue conversion is accelerated when we bring in Next-Gen. Just that - we've seen that over and over again. Well, the impact it has on conversion in aggregate, it's hard to see in the numbers, yet.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah, I think we got a good point, we do have, and we've run in those limitations in the past, but repatriated quite a bit of cash. Obviously, there is a tax reforms that enable us to do this in an even better manner and a faster way. And of course, we'll take advantage of that. But as you know, these days, it's hard to predict what we know would not happen in one year. So, I'll - maybe I'll give Mike an opportunity to answer this.
Ari Bousbib: Look, obviously, as we said, we previously told you that we tried to get you off this quarterly book to bill going forward. We made an exception by the way last quarter, because we feel it's appropriate once in a while to clarify the numbers and we thought we had given you enough points that that enables you then to understand what it is in any given quarter and also it was focused under the method since the merger and we thought it was appropriate to do so. Now, you're right, FX can also skew the number. And it's - I have to tell you, it's not simple math when you look at the FX implications, simply because every quarter is a different set of FX numbers. And then we also revalue the backlog at the end of the quarter, where in fact the revenue is the average FX every single day during the quarter. So the numbers are hard to interpret per se in a quarter. And the trend is more important. Now, if you do simple match on the reported numbers, okay, that you do the - you take the end-of-quarter backlog minus last-year backlog, and adjust for revenue, then the math gives you 1.35 book-to-bill in the quarter, that thus include FX. And I'll tell you now, it's what it is, but that in a sense reflects what is in the numbers. That if you assume that FX are not going to change at all going forward, then that's what you have in the backlog in terms of understanding the future of the business, that's about 1.35 for the quarter. Now, if you want to look at comparisons across quarters we believe that you should look at the different numbers we gave you in the past. And if you do that and you look at the numbers this quarter in terms of progression you probably going to calculate 1.25. Now, neither so - but the real number, to answer your question, is in between that 1.25 and 1.35, closer to the 1.25 as you suggested, for the quarter on a - if we take out all FX from every single number. So that enables you to compare the quarters in a clean manner as best as we can do. Okay, so somewhere between the 1.25 and the 1.35. So you are - yeah, it's your question, you said 1.26, the answer is, yeah, you're in the ZIP code. Now, you also asked about acquisition. I told you TKL was, yeah, the TKL acquisition was largely what affected those acquisition contribution in the quarter for the R&D Solutions business, and of course, it is in the backlog.
Ari Bousbib: No, it's higher than 1.25. I'm just going to stick with - I'm telling you the exact number. It's higher than the 1.25, but it's in the range between 1.25 and 1.35.
Ari Bousbib: Okay. I'm not quite sure if I understood all your questions, because you're being cut off and we are missing one out of few words. But you asked about commercial revenue, if I understand correctly. And I just want to point out that in terms of the commercial side of your house versus the R&D development side, again, in the spirit of just clarifying, perhaps, misunderstandings, when we put the company together, we as best as we could, gave you the contours of each of the businesses. And you will recall that we aggregated some of commercial businesses, legacy Quintiles into your legacy IMS commercial businesses. But since then, few things have happened. First, there was a small clinical trials technology business at IMS. It was about $20 million of revenue in total. And we move that since then from commercial to R&D. Secondly, there was also small legacy IMS CSO business, contracted sales business in Eastern Europe, which was $5 million or so of revenue. And we move that to IES. And finally, as you know, we sold the Encore business, which removed 25 - actually more than $25 million of revenue from the second half. So our commercial business versus what it was when we merged the companies and told you what commercial looked like, that commercial business lost $50 million of revenue between the transfer of businesses out and the sale of the Encore business. So that as starters. And in terms of the growth in commercial, actually even absent these adjustments you will see that we continue to see robust growth. Your core IMS business historically has been growing at about 6% annually and that was inclusive of one to two points of acquisitions. And it's exactly been performing the same since the beginning of the merger. So no changes there at all. And as I told you, this quarter actually with acquisition contribution is relatively minor, so good organic growth which is usually in the 4% type range, historically has been maintained more or less since the merger. So that was exactly your question, but I just wanted to provide more color on commercial revenue. And I think there is one more question, maybe the last question.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah, look, I want to - it's really the few deals, okay? It's not a large percentage of the backlog. I would say, less than, let's see, the platform is $10 million. So it's a fraction, really a fraction, because we just started, okay. So it's very small. Yet, I anticipate this is going to growth though. We're not going to disclose exactly how much of our new business is fixed every time. But we have previously said that we are applying so far Next-Gen to about 20% of what we look at. And of that, a portion of this is fixed price, okay? Maybe call it a third, okay, to give you a rough estimate. So of the new stuff, about - 20% of pipeline and then we look at, that doesn't mean that we win every time. But that's what, over time as I said, we hope to apply Next-Gen to 50% to 60% of the pipe. And I'm assuming that, again, about a third of that will be fixed price. Now, our case is though, we don't want it to be fixed price. There are cases, I said before, we are hybrid. That is we sell technology capabilities and up-front work separately. And that's a fixed price and then we sell other services, data or otherwise that are not fixed price. Again, we are experimenting with these new models. But we are seeing a lot of traction, a lot of interest. It often is a clincher of the deal at the end, right, because we are willing to take more risk.
Ari Bousbib: Right, so, Next-Gen investments are the bulk. You remember we have the salesforce.com replatforming. So, on the commercial side we also had investments. And then we have also salesforce recruitment to try to accelerate our business development activities on R&D. And the combination of all of that are the investments that we made. We are also carrying additional costs, as a result of the merger. We've been carrying additional costs throughout the year, but these are costs that we cannot adjust-out. These are - in cases where we have to maintain redundant people, redundant facilities for a while, redundant IT systems and software licenses. All of that needs to be maintained as we transition to one or the other or a new one. And so, that creates a bucket of cost and we cannot adjust that out, because it's not a one-time kind of a merger specific outside cost. It's just redundant parallel cost, when we take it out then it goes away, and it's been taken out over time. So these are all the headwinds. Despite all of that, as I pointed out before, year to date we have margin expansion. Listen, as I said, before I'd like to say we are in the business of growing revenue and expanding margins, not one or the other. There might be some quarters where you don't have margin expansion. But my goal is certainly to have margin expansion and I anticipate that 2018 will not be an exception to that despite all the investments that I just mentioned.
Eric Coldwell: Thanks for all the comments today. I honestly did not want to ask a question here on book-to-bill, but Ari, something you said is going to make me have to bite my tongue and do it.
Eric Coldwell: And I know, you're trying to move away from the quarterly figure, but you're dealing with a bunch of guys here that have covered you a - the space for a long time, and we're kind of stuck in our middle rut.
Eric Coldwell: I think, you said, bookings were up 40% year-over-year versus the third quarter of last year. And you can tell me if that's correct or incorrect. But if it is correct, then mathematically at least based on our model and our interpretation of what was previously said, that would put a book-to-bill this quarter of around 1.25. But I actually thought the book-to-bill was a little better. So it's just such an important topic for investors that they sort of try to see the traction of Quintiles versus the peers and with Next-Gen rolling out. I'm hoping you can give us a little more color. And then finally, I'll go ahead and ask my add on, I know probably not a big impact from acquired backlog from the two deals mentioned, but maybe foreign currency had a bigger influence with the revaluation of backlog, so you could give us that number as well.
