Nick Childs: Thank you. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our second quarter 2022 earnings call. With me today are Ari Bousbib, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Bruehlman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Eric Sherbet, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Mike Fedock, Senior Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis; and Bryan Stengel, Associate Director, Investor Relations. Today we will be referencing a presentation that will be visible during this call for those of you on our webcast. This presentation will also be available following this call in the Events and Presentations section of our IQVIA Investor Relations website at ir.iqvia.com. Before we begin, I would like to caution listeners that certain information discussed by management during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company’s business, which are discussed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings.  In addition, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call which should be considered a supplement to and not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the press release and conference call presentation. I would now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Ari Bousbib. 
Nick Childs: Yes, right now we’re thinking it’s somewhere between $50 million to $75 million that we’re seeing on interest, but you’ve seen that we’ve been able to hold the EPS number, so we’ve had some favorability in terms of our assumptions on share count and all of that below the line, that has kind of helped us manage that a little bit better.
Nick Childs: Okay, thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you after the call and on our next call at the end of the third quarter. If anyone has any other follow-up questions, we’ll be happy to take them. Thank you all for joining.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, thank you Sandy, and good morning to you. I’d start answering your question by simply saying there is absolutely none of those concerns. We haven’t seen any of that. We’re very pleased with the continued growth of our TAS business, really across the board, and you know that we like to think of our business in three buckets: the high growth ones, which is real world and technology, and that represents - Mike, I’m going to say about 40%--
Ari Bousbib: --45% of the total, and that’s experiencing continued growth, hasn’t abated during COVID at all, and continues to sell through at the same pace. Then we have the labor-based consulting, primary market research, analytics business which grows mid to high single digits and has been very strong through COVID, and continues to be strong essentially at the same pace, and that’s about--
Ari Bousbib: --25% approximately, so the last balance, the 30% is basically our historic IMS data business, and that’s kind of flattish to up 1% or 2%, quarter-in, quarter-out, and also has been essentially flat in terms of its growth through the COVID crisis. As Ron mentioned, constant--organic constant currency revenue growth for TAS excluding COVID was 10% in the quarter and also 10% for the first half, so again really we’re not seeing anything at all that’s changed versus the pandemic peak, or before the pandemic peak. Continued strong momentum. Thank you Sandy.
Ari Bousbib: No, I wouldn’t expect less from you, Eric. You ask one question and you manage to pack 10 questions in one!
Ari Bousbib: Yes, just a remark on China, bear in mind it’s less than 3% of our total revenue. We have a strong presence there relative to our competitors and we are doing very well. On the clinical side is where the impact is. Remember, on the commercial side we have exactly zero impact from the lockdowns - that was the case during the pandemic at the peak of it, and it continues to be the case today.  On the clinical side, obviously the issue is accessing sites, and when it’s closed, it’s closed. But we have learned during the pandemic how to work with that and to do remote visits, etc., and so far at least, the impact from China lockdowns, which have been extensive, as you know, in Shanghai and Tianjin and some other areas, we have been able to manage through that and whatever financial impact was essentially absorbed in our numbers. Thank you Elizabeth.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, thank you for the question. Look - the resilience that’s obvious on the clinical side, it’s born by the long-term history, as I mentioned in my introductory remarks. On the commercial side, you are correct - I mean, I guess you pointed to consulting because consulting is usually the most discretionary type of spend at our clients. So far, not one--I would say not one noise, not one--nothing. We are looking--I am asking every day, what is going on in the business in every aspect, and I can tell you there is no indication whatsoever that somehow people are curtailing their budgets on the commercial side.  Bear in mind, the last big recession we had along with the housing crisis in the end of 2008, ’09, ’10, the commercial business was affected really by different factors. There were very large pharma consolidations, and on the commercial side when you have a large pharma merger, you go from two clients to one client, so that automatically affects your revenues. Not so much on the clinical side - generally if you are in--if the two pharma companies that merge are in the same therapy, the authorities won’t let you merge and generally when pharma merge, they have complementary therapies and the clinical trials continue. So yes, those laws, that pharma consolidation wave that took place at that time, a lot of it driven by tax considerations, affected our commercial business. We’re not seeing any of that so far. Secondly, there was a unique phenomenon then, which was that there was an unusual large number of patent expiries, and those LOEs were sort of accelerating the 2008 to 2012 time frame. There was a so-called patent cliff, and that was coupled with an unusually low number of new product approvals. The pharma commercial business is obviously driven by the net of new approvals versus patent--or loss of exclusivity, and usually that’s a net positive. At that time, there was unusual circumstances where we had a trough in new approvals and a peak in loss of exclusivity, and that was a reverse trend.  But today, we don’t see that. We know the pipeline, we know the molecules in the pipe that are supposed to be approved and the expiries and so on, and we see none of that anytime soon, so we’re not concerned and we feel that the commercial business is fairly well insulated as well.  Thank you.
Ari Bousbib: Well, okay Tejas, thank you very much and good morning. Look - again, your question on the pre-commercial EBPs needing more funding and having issues is a good theoretical question and correct one for the industry, we are just not exposed to those folks. We have very little of our backlog that’s with pre-commercial EBPs. Those pre-commercial EBPs have been carefully vetted because that’s our process, long pre-dating the current decline in biotech funding. We never take on a molecule that doesn’t have very solid science behind it, that our scientific experts have vetted and believe in. That in and of itself is a guarantee that the science will be developed and that the clinical trials will go on independently of the funding, because worst case scenario, that science will be purchased by large pharma. You are seeing it today. You are seeing a number of large pharma companies buying out pre-commercial EBPs because those pre-commercial EBPs may be running into funding issues but the science is good, therefore the trial will continue no matter what. That’s number one. Number two, we are not going to take into our backlog a company that doesn’t have funding. It just doesn’t happen for us. We do a thorough financial vetting of the project before we put it into our backlog, so we don’t have that exposure. Our business model is different than perhaps some other smaller CROs that essentially team up with pre-commercial EBPs and go around to raise funding and they put that into their backlog. We don’t do that, so this is the reason why we’re not seeing anything different to, again, neither the pipeline nor the RFP volume, nor the awards nor the bookings. Again, I’ve got a huge slew of numbers, I’m looking at a very fine level of granularity here. Look at oncology - if we look at our qualified pipeline, which is really--you know, with a very, very fine comb, our oncology pipeline, there are lots of pre-commercial EBPs, and that’s--I am speaking about the qualified pipeline, that’s really, really high probability, it’s up in the quarter 17% - one, seven - year-over-year. You look at internal medicine, where there’s a lot of rare disease stuff, 14% up in qualified pipeline.  The pipeline in general for EBP, the pipeline - the pipeline! - is 18% up year-over-year in the quarter. I mean, I’m looking at numbers that are literally record numbers, both in growth and in dollars and in volume, so I wouldn’t be speaking confidently if I didn’t have these numbers. Could I wake up tomorrow and the world is falling apart? I don’t know, but that that’s--you know? If I believed that, I wouldn’t cross the street. I’m looking at numbers. The rest is noise. Did you have another question? You had two questions.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, M&A. Well, as you saw, we purchased almost a billion dollars in the first half of the year of shares. We did very little M&A, not because we didn’t want to. At any given point in time, we’ve always had lots - I mean, lots, hundreds of potential acquisitions, small, mid, large, and that’s our job. We’ve got corporate development activities. We rarely execute on those, whether it’s for strategic reasons or for financial reasons sometimes. As you said, valuations have been a little bit out of whack. It always takes time for those valuation expectations to come down and adjust to public market valuations and the environment. I think we’re seeing a little bit more of that, so perhaps we will have more opportunities to execute in the second half, I just don’t know - acquisitions are binary, but we don’t have--you know if the acquisition makes sense, it fits in our strategy and is nothing big here or out of whack with anything that we’ve done in the past. You know what we do. We’re very disciplined, and if it fits in our strategy on the commercial side or the clinical side, then we’ll go ahead and do it if the valuation makes sense. Thank you for your question.
Ari Bousbib: Okay, let me give you ’23 guidance - just kidding! I don’t know. It’s a little bit early, and as we discussed over the course of the past hour, there are lots of macro dynamics and so on and so forth. We’re not going to start venturing. There is basically nothing different today from what we told you at the end of last year in the underlying dynamics and fundamentals of our businesses, strategically or operationally. What’s changed is the financial environment and the dynamics of risk because of Russia-Ukraine, because of the energy prices and so and so forth, but that doesn’t affect, as we’ve said over and over again, the underlying dynamics and fundamentals of our business. As I sit here today, those are the same as they were when we gave you long term guidance back in November. Thank you for your question. 
Ron Bruehlman: Yes Eric, to your specific question, I think you had asked about our--in essence about whether our debt and how much of our debt is fixed rate versus variable rate, so how much is affected going forward. I know this is of interest to the group in any event. About 45% of our debt is fixed rate, just shy of 60% is fixed with swaps. We did have a euro floor that fixed even more of our debt up until recently, but we’re about at the floor now with the recent ECB decision, so--
Ron Bruehlman: Yes, but going forward it will be more like just shy of 60% fixed. You had asked about what our guidance assumes, and we’ve pretty much followed what the market consensus is there in the U.S. about assuming a couple of 75 basis point increases in the U.S. in July and September, and 25 basis point increases in the fourth quarter two times. For the euro, we have a series of increases, smaller increases assumed out through the balance of the year, totaling just slightly over 100 basis points baked into our numbers. That’s pretty much in line with the market consensus right now. Now, you asked also about how much has interest expense--the increase in rates affected our interest expense assumptions since November, I guess, when we put our initial guidance out. I’ll have to go back and look at that. It’s obviously had an impact, not so much in the first half of the year but more in the second half of the year, obviously, as the rate increases or the pace of rate increases has been back-end loaded in the year. We’ll have to come back with an answer to that, unless Nick has it handy.
Ron Bruehlman: Yes, just to answer your question on China and the impact there, modest impact in Q2. We’re assuming a continued modest impact in Q3, mainly around our lab business and clinical trials as not all the sites are open in areas where there’s shutdowns or restrictions. The only caution I would say there is just that none of us knows exactly what’s going to happen in China, where future lockdowns might happen and so forth, but right now we’re not expected a big impact.
Ron Bruehlman: It was $125 million, was the FX headwind on revenue on the full year versus what we guided in April.
