Ari Bousbib: Thank you. Good morning, Eric and thanks for your questions. On the first one, Ukraine, well Ukraine actually is like we're not even 1% or above 1% of our revenue a little less. So call it $130 million, $140 million, let's say. And, obviously, it's a significant displacement and the world that cannot be done primarily in R&DS. I might point out some of that may come back, some of the trial obviously needs to continue and will be delayed. It just takes time and because of the disruption, or you want to answer specifically, the question on the how much per quarter? We said it's -- we sized it at $40 million to $50 million, right? So it's less than a proportion of impact in Q1, obviously, because the conflict didn't start until late February. So we had a few million dollars of impact in Q1, not a huge impact. You're right, Eric, that it's probably that $40 million to 50 million is probably front end loaded in the year, because we should recapture a little bit as we get late in the year and we start shifting work. But that always takes longer than you think it's going to take. So, you know, we're not assuming a huge recovery of work in 2022, but ultimately, as we find new patients and move the clinical trial activity outside of Russia and Ukraine, we should recover a lot of that you know in probably back end of the year or early next. Now with respect to China, just to situate the conversation, China is about 2.5% of our global revenues and that's about half and half on U.S. and commercial. Now to take the commercial side first, we saw virtually no impact, even at the worst of the COVID crisis when everything was shut down in China on our commercial business. Obviously, some of the business that requires some face to face interactions like PMR, consulting and so on, obviously went to zero, but the rest of the business, the technology, the analytics, services continued pretty much intact. So we have no concerns there. On the R&DS the obvious concern if they were lock downs is our ability to access sites. Now, right now it's a fluid situation. We are tracking closely what's happening on the ground. We've seen some disruption to site access and patient visits, again mostly in Shanghai, because that's where the lock down has been limited to so far. It's hard to imagine that these are going to be prolonged for a very long time or expanded toward China, but again, we -- no one can tell. So that's where we are. Again, we are relatively confident outside China that when these things happen there we've learned how to deal with it with our remote capabilities and our ex-site development of decentralized trials, et cetera, we have become more adept and we are prepared to address those situations. We believe the same will be true if God forbid in China the situation were to deteriorate. But frankly, at this point, we haven’t seen much, again this is the minimus and we haven’t taken any adjustments or anything like that forecast for China. Any other comments guys? Okay thank you, Eric.
Ari Bousbib: Well, Shlomo thank you for your question, good morning. Look, I think Ron mentioned in his introductory remarks that last year's first half included the highest, the peak revenues from COVID. The second quarter will be the toughest compared year-over-year with COVID in. Right? The biggest step down, year-over-year of COVID revenue will be in the second quarter. That's one factor. Secondly, on a reported basis, if you look at, again, assuming FX rates remain where they are for the balance of the year, the worst comparisons year-over-year in terms of FX impact, are in the second quarter, okay? But the underlying businesses when you take these out, COVID and FX, you guys help me out with the numbers, yes second quarter is consistent with the rest of…
Ari Bousbib: So again, I mean, in TAS I can tell you the, what's built in our forecast and reflected in our guidance is due to constant currency organic growth, excluding COVID related work will be high single digits, so very consistent again with the first quarter. R&DS due to constant currency organic growth, excluding COVID will be upper teens. And CSMS will be low single digits, excluding COVID related work at again constant currency organic growth. So you're right on a reported basis the number with the actual COVID work included it looks a little choppy sequentially. But the reality is the underlying business is pretty consistent and pretty strong.
Ari Bousbib: My first inclination will be to do that, but very frankly, we're not going to do that. We can buy, you know, thankfully, there is a third factory you are articulating, which is our cash flow generation. And as you've seen, it's been pretty strong. And that allows us more flexibility and affords us the ability to do both, that is to maintain a lower leverage ratio and aggressively pursue share repurchases. You saw we bought for over $400 million in the first quarter. You know, frankly, there are time windows where we cannot buy. We reported earnings I think in February 15, and [Technical Difficulty] we be in the markets as we leverage a lot any level of time. So again, the answer to your question is, yes we will do aggressive share repurchases, but no we will not increase the leverage ratio.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, well look, it's interesting. We've, we're obviously experiencing the same trend that we've talked about before, which is given the strength of the industry backdrop, there's obviously competition for talent. And we are really, really actively recruiting and hiring to meet the incremental demand. We also saw like the rest of the industry attrition pick up towards the end. I think it has stabilized I would say over the past few weeks. We track these very carefully and look at it on a weekly basis. And it seems to have kind of plateaued and maybe even start to come down a little bit. Look we have employees and we recruit thousands of employees a year. So we do the talent acquisition capabilities to be able to meet this increased demand. And we have -- we actually it is fascinating back to the Ukraine situation, we are actually looking now at repositioning individuals from these countries, Russia, and also Ukraine, in different geographies, and utilize them in other places. So we are really literally our global footprint allows us a little bit more initiative. We are seeing some margin pressure from labor cost increases, but as we have the flexibility, again, because our global footprint to do some arbitrage and moving things around the world, to optimize our cost structure, we of course, have our ongoing, that's part of our DNA, you know, we are continuing. That's what we do day in day out productivity initiatives and cost optimization actions. Look, we've also increased rate cards on existing RFPs and we are looking for ways to pass along some of those cost increases into pricing where we can. So the combination of all of that, obviously, this is easier to do, the pricing level is easier on short cycle businesses and on the longer cycle businesses where we've already priced in some price escalations, but they don't always reflect the wage inflation that we actually see in the market. But again, the combination of all of these levers allows us to manage that situation fairly effectively. And by the way, all these cost pressures that I -- that we're talking about are already factored in our guidance. I also want to point out, I mean, maybe that's not my special series on that, but we paid in aggregate the highest ever level, dollar level of bonuses for 2021 to our employee population, in aggregate we continue to pay, I would set a very respectable a high level bonuses to our employees, even during the worst of the pandemic. And I think we've seen in our employee surveys, which we do pretty frequently, higher and higher satisfaction levels and loyalty to our company. You know, my understanding is not every one of our peers has done that. And in fact, we know specifically other peer that has paid zero or very little bonuses last year. So that also has created some employee Exodus at some other peer companies, and we're benefiting from that as well. So it's a complex situation. Wages are going up. There is attrition, and so on, so forth. But there are a lot of moving parts here, including competitive ones. And we feel confident that we can address these issues without changing anything in our guidance. Thanks for your question.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, exactly John. We see that continuing. To your last question, with respect to that COVID step down in revenue, which we've been talking about for a while now, we've always said during the height of the pandemic, that and this is true for real world, is true for commercial and certainly is extremely true for the R&DS business. COVID work essentially crowded out the rest of the business, because our clients understandably refocused their dollars on COVID, whether it's vaccines, or therapeutics, or what have you. But on the commercial side, government works to track and monitor COVID patients, et cetera and they turned to us. As you know, we had a very strong share of that market appropriately. And the concerns that some of you had expressed at that time is, well when that goes away then what happens? Well, we told you that that time that when that would go away, the base business would come back, because we knew that there were a lot of projects that have been essentially put on hold and that there was a lot of pent up demand that needed to be addressed and that's exactly what is happening. Exactly what is happening. Now that's true with real world evidence, it's true on the commercial side and it is true certainly in R&DS. Thank you.
Ari Bousbib: Well, look, we always said we've gave guidance, we have done, and that's been consistent. By the way you can look at our record is between 1 and 2 points of our revenue top line growth over the long-term has been supplementing our organic growth. We make acquisitions within our core businesses when they are strategic and add capabilities or allow us to enter adjacent markets where we think we can add value. We have walked away, we do walk away from I want to say 90 plus percent of the companies we look at in the market. We always felt that valuations were very frothy, and that we did not want to, despite the rate environment so long we did not want to pay for assets more than what they were worth. And unfortunately, for those who did you now find yourself in an environment where valuations have taken a beating and now you've got a lot of private equity owned businesses that are very attractive, we would like to buy. But the entry points for those current owners at the time we did the acquisition was very high. And so, I just don't know how that -- it's going to take time. And because of that I am suggesting that we are going to -- if we were always cautious we are going to continue to be cautious now. Having said that, we will step up to the plate when the acquisition is extremely attractive, extremely accretive to our operations and our financials and we've done that in the quarter actually, we bought significant lab business, which is very attractive. And I believe that's the bulk of our acquisition spending that and correct, yes. And we like very much the lab business, as we discussed before. These are very strong and necessary capabilities and our lab business has been doing spectacular. We obviously, we look at CROs when they come up, but again, the valuation premiums on those assets have been out of reach for us. On the commercial side, we've bought technology companies and we will continue to look at the digital space. We've got, as you know, a strong interest in growing, in continue to grow on the commercial side, the commercial side is becoming increasingly sophisticated, with the go to market strategies of our clients becoming a lot more akin to how larger, consumer oriented businesses look at the world with much better, you see what our OCE suite, how our OCE ecosystem does with a lot of embedded intelligence is no longer -- we're not talking about a simple CRM point solution, as is the case for most of the competition, our system is an ongoing, live, with sophisticated AI analytics that enable the users to make decisions on a timely basis with respect to targeting the right customer at the right time with the right message. And so anything that complements or advances our position in the U.S. digital and European digital commercial spaces where it's most advanced, we will look at and we will be aggressive enough to enter those spaces and complement our capabilities. So that's what you know, I just gave you my overall strategic panorama here in terms of acquisitions.
Ari Bousbib: Well first of all I -- capacity we always is people driven in this business, as you know. But I would say if anything, certainly seems to merger. Our ability to take on more work with the same amount of people has increased significantly, because of our decentralized clinical trials capabilities. The increase in technology content, in data analytics, in process improvements that we've done since the merger is very dramatic. So our ability to take on more work with the same amount of people is significantly enhanced. So I don't see, frankly our turning away work, because somehow we don't have the capacity, we just don't do that. Again, with the minor exception of what I described before in my introductory comments, for pre-commercial EBPs, that knock at our door for assistance, and that don't qualify based on our rigorous vetting process. With that minor exception, we are able, willing, eager to take on any and all work. So certainly, I hope we continue assuming the underlying dynamics of the market continue to grow, which is, I think, a very, very valid assumption and a completely conservative expectation. And assuming that we continue to gain market share, which is also I think a conservative expectation. You should expect our bookings to continue to grow over the long-term, no question about it.
Ari Bousbib: And then your first comment, frankly, was the right one, which is it's a very small part of our overall business, our company.
Ron Bruehlman: Yes, very consistent. And that's why we're giving you ex-COVID constant currency organic, because that cleans out a lot of the items that cause the volatility that you're seeing. And really across the quarters of 2022, when you look at it on that basis, very consistent growth rate.
Ron Bruehlman: Yes and the other thing I would say Shlomo is that, that's pretty much in line with our guidance that we gave. I mean the, the linearity and how it's progressing over the quarter is exactly what we were expecting.
Ron Bruehlman: I mean, [indiscernible] there continues to high teen, growth driver excluding any COVID impacts. So the numbers we've been giving for real world have excluded that from the beginning. So that business has been consistently in the high to upper teens growth rates and we see that continue.
Ron Bruehlman: And you can infer from the numbers we gave you on the conference call what Q1 was last year, which was, over $550 million and in Q2 it was slightly larger than that last year.
