Ari Bousbib: Good morning, Tim. Thanks for your question. This is Ari. In the quarter, I think we spent $118 million in acquisitions. We continuously look for and have a rich pipeline of small tuck-in capability acquisitions. These are, for the most part, and I want to say exclusively this year, technology acquisitions both in the commercial space and in the clinical space. This quarter, there were a few handful of small acquisitions, all of which closed at the end of the quarter, and had zero impact in the quarter. As we've told you before, we may pay a healthy premium because, again, we're buying the technology capabilities. It's a decision to continue to develop our assets through acquisitions instead of internal product development spend. Initially, these acquisitions have very little revenue contribution, and the acquisition spend can be lumpy quarter-to-quarter, but that's what we've signaled before; it's not rich. And we expect to answer your question in terms of contribution to revenue, that acquisitions will contribute year in, year out of 1 point to 1.5 point to our growth, and this year won't be different.
Ari Bousbib: Well, I mean, every quarter we have cancellations. Bear in mind, we moved to an as-contracted basis, and that's the same for cancellations, right? So it could be that there was a cancellation a quarter or two ago and we took it in this quarter. So we had, as in every quarter, cancellations this quarter as well. In terms of contracted, nothing of significance in terms of, in the quarter, new cancellations. The cancellations we took, and that are reflected in our numbers, are cancellations that were announced in prior periods. Nothing of significance this quarter. You know we have a very dispersed client base, and there is at the moment not any given trial that will materially impact us.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I mean, we've said that it's really starting to kick in in 2018, and there is a ramp. Our goal is to get to our a couple of $100 million of cost synergies, merger-related cost synergies at the end of 2019 in terms of a run rate. So, yeah, that's the ramp. I mean, in terms of – I don't know if we gave – it's not linear as you know, right? I mean, we will have some benefit in 2018, and then it will ramp in 2019, and we get to our $200 million run rate at the exiting 2019. Is it going the way we anticipate? In some area it's going faster and in some areas, as always, slower. There are a lot of moving parts. Some of the real estate consolidations in some countries are easy to do, others are more difficult. Some of the IT systems again in HR, it's going well on the financial side. We have some delays, but again nothing that's unusual. All in all, I think we have good visibility and we're tracking on our plans.
Ari Bousbib: Okay, Eric. I know you have a follow-up for sure. So, look, the guidance we gave is based on our forecast both for every time we did so for the quarter and for the year. Our guidance in revenue and EBITDA has a range, and that range has not changed. As always, there are puts and takes aspects in the business that are doing better than we thought and others that are perhaps weaker than we have anticipated. We also, as you know, got rid of the Encore business earlier this month or last month, and so it won't be in our numbers any longer, so that piece of the revenue is out. Flip side of this, we have a little bit – assuming FX rates remains where they are – we may have a little bit of tailwind from FX which will offset that loss of revenue. And bear in mind, the FX rate is rather a headwind on EBITDA rather than a tailwind, that it may be on revenue simply because we do a lot of work overseas. And at the EPS line, we are hedged largely because we've got also euro-denominated currencies. And the FX movements are very complicated because of the number of countries in which we do business and the large number of currencies that are fluctuating constantly. So with respect to your specific question in terms of the ramp, look, there are some merger-related costs that we've had throughout the first two quarters, and we believe will continue in the third quarter. I've said before, there are redundant costs that we continue to carry that we cannot adjust out of the P&L, of our adjusted EBITDA numbers. Those are going to continue in the third quarter, and a portion of those we're going to be able to remove in the fourth quarter. So that's one aspect. Secondly, when we planned for the year we had anticipate a progression of our investments in both the R&D side and the technology side. We are actually accelerating some of these investments and our resourcing plan, and so the third quarter carries some of that. In a sense, it's some of the investment that had been planned in Q4 will take place in Q3. That's another reason why you might see a bigger ramp than you might have otherwise anticipated. We also announced the Salesforce.com initiative/alliance which, again, we had not anticipated earlier in the year, and that is causing us to invest more in people and software development and so on. And again, all of that is also accelerating because we now believe we'll be able to launch the products towards the end of the year. So all of that affects, if you will, the ramp on EBITDA in the fourth quarter, but nothing unusual. Each of those is a relatively small number in isolation, and it's the accumulation of that that perhaps gives you the sense that it's a bigger ramp in the fourth quarter.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Well, again, for those of you less familiar with the IMS, the IMS commercial business traditionally, Q4 traditionally has a seasonality element to it. It's the end of the year and pharma has budgets, marketing and commercial budgets that they look to spend, and the fourth quarter typically has been the strongest. A lot of purchases of what we call ad hoc data packages. Most of that comes at the end of the year. So if you look historically, the IMS legacy business is weaker in the third quarter. The seasonality of Q3 has been the weakest historically, and Q4 the strongest. So that will explain also perhaps the perception of a bigger ramp in the fourth quarter.
Ari Bousbib: Okay. Thank you for the question and thanks for bringing this up. We have said before that we – and I'm assuming you're asking primarily on the R&D side which is where we felt that we were – Commercial is perhaps been not as forceful and aggressive as we could have been historically.
Ari Bousbib: So I think we had around 150 salespeople historically in the R&D business, and it's not easy to ramp-up to where we want to be but we have increased that number materially by probably about 50% at this point. And secondly, we have also trained – as you know, we've said before we've reorganized our go-to-market strategy globally, and we have regionalized the go-to-market approaches in North America, Europe, and Asia, and we have combined our account management across clinical and commercial markets. We have, in the process, trained 1,000 legacy IMS salespeople on R&D, business development, so they are helping us opening doors, create the meetings that otherwise would simply not have been open to the legacy Quintiles organization before. They are able to engage in conversations, learn about RFPs earlier in the process, and involve then the domain experts from the R&D organization at the right time. So, again, in terms of numbers, specifically we continue to ramp-up the sales force recruitment dedicated to R&D. We've increased that sales force that's dedicated and specialized by about 50% to-date. And we have also trained 1,000 IMS salespeople in at least the earlier stages of business development and sales for R&D as well. Thanks for your question.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah. Thank you for the question, John. Look, when we say – what we really wanted to do, there's always an element of customization, right? Every study is unique. What we wanted to do, and we've said this upfront, is to try to "productionize" the process, to accelerate our response time and minimize the degree of customization. Again, there will always be an element of customization. We are well on our way by the end of the year to having "productionized", which means having loaded the data and standardized the data mining and algorithms required to accelerate site identification, optimal site identification for a given protocol design for a dozen main therapies. The issue is how fast can you go across all specific diseases and therapies. So we think that this is going to cover probably 80% to 90% of the RFPs in which we believe Next-Gen will be relevant and useful, which as we said before is at least half of the pipeline. So that's where we are today and this is exactly where we wanted to be. The biggest hurdle is to recruit the type of people that we need. Today, we have 110, I think, the last time I saw, people in what we call the AOCE, Advanced Analytics Center of Excellence (sic) [ACOE, Analytics Center of Excellence], and that's the full-time dedicated team. The ACOE, I'm sorry. I don't remember what it stands for but – Advanced Analytics Center of Excellence (sic) [Analytics Center of Excellence] which we have created, reporting to Cyndi Verst and led by Natalia Balko who some of you have met. We have this team of over 100 people, full-time, working on the operationalization of how we respond to RFPs where we think Next-Gen has relevance. Bear in mind, we are also trying to use Next-Gen in the existing set of trials that we are working on, and it's really the same team. So at this time, the main constraint to even going faster than we have thought is simply the ability to recruit the type of people we want. I mean, we're really hiring data scientists, statisticians, software development people, and it is just not so easy to recruit globally. But we're making good progress.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, we are. Again, we will speak some more about this at our November Investor Day. We aim for nothing short of disrupting the way clinical trials are conducted. Historically, this is an industry that's paid for inefficiency, and the biggest problem in healthcare is inefficiency over inefficiency. People are paid for time. And without knocking on any specific profession, the longer it takes – it's like lawyers. The longer it takes, the more time you take and the more money you make, the more costs you have because it's essentially a cost-plus type of business model from an economic standpoint. The more costs you have, the more wastes you have, the more rework you have, the more change orders you have, the more revenue you generate. And so there is kind of an inherent conflict in the industry when no one wants to shoot themselves in the foot, so to speak, and damage their business model. Well we want to change that. We believe that with more visibility, more predictability, more data-enabled and technology-enabled processes, you can actually share risk with clients in a better way with more visibility, an educated risk, and we are willing to do it. And our early forays into this business model change showed that clients are A, much more receptive, and B, see the results in trials that are very complex like the one I discussed before. Again, this is not just a hurdle to overcome because the whole industry is based on a different type of business model. Clients are accustomed to this business differently, and even our own people are accustomed to this business differently. So it's more of a cultural overhaul that we need, and we believe strongly in this vision and we want to move forward. It's too early to show you metrics because we don't have enough of those, and as you know it's a long cycle business. So even if we win a trial today, it's going to take time. Now this particular trial is very large, very complex. It's with a previously locked – essentially locked-out account. And there are many people competing in the same therapy, so an oncology therapy, and so psych identification is even more difficult, and we're beating all timelines historically and we're specifically tracking. Now, one trial is not enough to make it a science, but we feel very confident. And hopefully over time we'll develop enough our database to support the thesis, and I can tell you clients are extremely receptive to our vision.
Ari Bousbib: Thank you. Sandy, you're correct. When we bought Cegedim – and by the way acquired or developed internally a number of technology platforms – we intended fully to try and regain some of the market share losses of the historical legacy Cegedim organization. Just for a reminder, we're number two in the specifically-defined, narrowly-defined CRM market. Cegedim had been number one historically going back 5 to 10 years, and they were in the market with an on-premise, heavy, now obsolete type of platform, and we had introduced Mobile Intelligence which was a SaaS-based platform. However, over time, as you recall, because we have a wide suite of applications, we saw the need for a new type of offering that would integrate marketing insights with sales data across several platforms and made those interoperable. Now, in so doing, because we had developed applications on a lot of different platforms and we had internally developed platforms and acquired platforms, in order to integrate all of these applications the cost to do so and the speed to market were very high. We decided to replatform everything on horizontal, existing off-the-shelf industry platforms. We considered several options, and we ended up building an alliance with SFDC with which we are extremely pleased in terms of how it's playing out. And that alliance, by the way, extends to the clinical space as well. We believe this will enable us even better to recapture market share specifically in the CRM business with our upcoming OCE SaaS application. Again, when a doctor reads a marketing e-mail from a pharma company, the sales rep that visits these doctors doesn't know today that the doctor read the e-mail because the marketing system and the sales system are not interoperable. But with our platform, we find when the doctor read the e-mail, whether there was a specific reaction. We find the rep that has that doctor in their territory. And if the doctor is in that rep's call log within the next seven days, we can immediately notify that rep. Again, it's a much more targeted precision sales performance that we are looking for. And it's really the next generation of commercial applications, and we believe that this will enable us to recapture market share in the tech space.
Ari Bousbib: Well, actually, a couple of those wins that I remember because I was personally involved total, I want to say, about $35 million or $40 million, and they are with previously locked-out accounts, that is large top 10 pharma clients with whom the legacy Quintiles organization had done zero business over the past 10 years; I think 11 is actually one of them. So the answer is it's coming from all over the place. We don't have – again, in terms of the pace and the ramp, it's been not quite linear; it's actually been accelerating. If you take out the $120 million large deal that we talked about in the previous quarter, it's over $500 million of awards and it's been accelerating as a proportion of the total bookings. And it's really all over. It's EBP wins, it's with locked-out accounts, and it's – from low-size to mid-size type of awards.
