Andrew Markwick: Thank you, Pama. Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter and full year 2019 earnings call. With me today are Ari Bousbib, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Michael McDonnell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Eric Sherbet, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Nick Charles, Senior Vice President Financial Planning and Analysis; and Jen Halchak, Senior Director Investor Relations. Today, we'll be referencing a presentation that will be visible during this call for those of you on our webcast. This presentation will also be available following this call on the Events and Presentations section of our IQVIA Investor Relations website at ir.iqvia.com. Before we begin, I would like to caution listeners that certain information discussed by management during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business which are discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. In addition we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call, which should be considered a supplement to, and not a substitute for, financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the press release and conference call presentation. I would now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Ari Bousbib.
Andrew Markwick: Hi, Eric, this is Andrew. I think, I mean if we go back to our Analyst Day in June we laid out a new plan for the next three years through the 2020, 2022 time frame. We clearly said that, we expect EBITDA to grow slower than it has been in the past. We're committed to margin expansion and we're looking for margin expansion in the business but the deployments we're putting out currently are going to pressure that and the investments we're seeing in technology. We're going to see some of that revenue come through now. But obviously, we've got large global deployments for the likes of Roche and we're planning on being active with our go-to-market as well. Hopefully, as we go forward, this will bring natural margin accretion because the revenue that we're layering into the base is higher margin, but we're not assuming that's going to take place during the next three years, so we've asked everyone to underwrite the midterm guidance. But if you do the math on the EBITDA growth, get to an average to about 20, 30 basis points, which assumes kind of continued investment in deployment of the technology wins.
Andrew Markwick: No. Obviously FX is a headwind to year-over-year growth for the full year. We're not obviously going to see that in the first quarter. We might call out that since the beginning of the year FX has moved against us by about $20 million. So our guidance would have been $20 million higher, if we hadn't had the strengthening of the dollar over the last few weeks. The growth rate you're reporting on -- calculating on a reported basis obviously on a constant dollar basis would probably be about 90 to 100 basis points higher for that year-over-year FX headwind as well.
Andrew Markwick: Sorry, Elizabeth can you say that again? I'm not sure we followed. We couldn't hear the beginning of your question.
Andrew Markwick: No. I think I mean when you look at the first quarter I think if you look at history we're trying pretty much along the lines of what we've seen historically. There's nothing unusual, no delays. I think if anything we're moving forward in our backlog. Next 12 months' revenue is nice and healthy and shows continued increases every quarter at this stage and its business as usual for us everywhere else.
Andrew Markwick: Hey, John, it's Andrew. I think I mean we have a very large backlog, which we're very pleased with. And we see continued growth in next 12 months revenue from backlog. I think it's becoming increasingly diverse in terms of client mix, but really is more concentrated towards large pharma at this stage. We've obviously had a lot of success with the emerging biopharma clients which is a segment that we've really wanted to focus on post merger and we've seen a lot of success there. Out of the gate with our CORE-powered solution, I think that's where really show those kinds that are hungry for data tech analytics they have the right kind of products that are focused on that kind of approach. As our CORE-powered business has grown and Ari mentioned earlier, we were kind of a $2 million account post merger and we're running at close of $900 million a quarter, large pharma really coming to the table and looking at that offering. So I think being to assess with all client segments, it's still mainly large pharma is the main mix within our revenue base in that.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I mean look, it's -- we are in dialogue. We have been in dialogue since we launched the product with essentially all large pharma and really anyone who's contemplating either a renewal or a switch or an upgrade to their CRM platform. So, we have an active pipeline and some are more likely than others, but it's hard for me to give you precise numbers in isolation of that client. In addition, as you know, we have all the add-ons. We have ePromo, the analytics, the MDM products that can be stitched together with OCE. And we are very, very active in conversations with -- on the clinical technology side, I mentioned in my remarks Virtual Trials that I wanted to highlight. But certainly, the other modules of our clinical technology suites, we are also in active discussions with safety and regulatory modules and others on content management. So, there is a very large pipeline and we have a lot of conversations. It's going to continue to ramp up. This is why we feel comfortable with the guidance on the Technology & Analytics segment. That represents a significant acceleration versus our history. I think you are a bit familiar with the history at IMS and our "best-in-class" organic growth rate was more in the 4% range. And bear in mind that our Info business, which is a significant portion, let's say, about a third or 30% or so of our Tech & Analytics Solutions segment grows at zero percent. So, when you do the math, you will realize that the growth on the Technology piece and the Analytics piece is significant.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I'm not sure what the question is. If the question is on Q1, why is Q1, again Q1 unfortunately we just assumed that the quarter will -- we see what's happening in China as a result of coronavirus. I don't want to overstate it because it's -- China represents a very tiny piece of our overall business. Without disclosing the number of sites we have well over 100,000 sites worldwide. And in the particular region in China where this is happening it's less than 100 sites. I think in China, we might have somewhere around a couple of thousand sites. But people -- patients are simply not going. The patients who are enrolled in a trial are simply not going to visit the hospitals where all the sites are in China, because that's kind of the more dangerous spot right now. And then obviously CRAs will not send them. So, there's a little bit of a pause in business environment, if you will as a result of this and we've quantified that to be $25 million of impact in the first quarter assuming resolution by then hopefully. And that obviously -- we're still paying bigger so the costs are there, and so, most of that $25 million is dropping through profits as well. And so that kind of causes a little depression in the first quarter. And we've carried that to -- that's the main explanation. Yes.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Well thank you Jack. Thank you for the question. Yes, the upside versus guidance on the revenue came entirely from the underlying operational performance of the businesses and not from pass-through. As you said pass-through was a headwind. The majority of the beat versus our guidance, the vast majority was in the technology segment. We just talked about this during my remarks and answers to Eric's question. We're starting to see revenue ramp on the technology business -- Technology & Analytics Solutions segment. And the flip side is, mitigating the drop-through of EBITDA which is very strong by the way on the technology side, very strong EBITDA drop-through. But mitigating that are the continuing investments in deployment. So when we finish deployment for our top 10 clients in Asia those revenues come in at a very high margin because again they are SaaS licenses. But at the same time, we're deploying in other parts of the world and so that implementation is essentially a no-margin business. So that offsets that and offsets our continuing investments as you pointed out. Nevertheless I just want to point out that we had generated margin accretion -- margin expansion in the quarter.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I mean just to add obviously there's a -- again, it's just a physical constraint. The rest of the business is less -- does not require actual physical movement of people on the Technology & Analytics Solutions side. So as Mike said, I think we can say 99% is on the R&D side.
Ari Bousbib: I'm sorry. Just to comment on this a little bit. We obviously have contingencies and we're working on mitigating all of these issues. So I don't want to -- it is obviously an evolving situation but we currently expect that this will be resolved. And we are also internally working on mitigation plans we're reorienting certain sites opening up new sites outside of China et cetera. So it's not like we're just sitting and waiting for these sites to be open blindly. So I just want to make sure you understand we're a large company and we can absorb the issues within our contingency for the year. We will revisit as appropriate if things change.
Ari Bousbib: And we've had very, very strong bookings I mean for the year 1.33 or 1.34 if you look at it on services basis. And across the board we have a very, very strong proportion very, very strong the vast majority being full clinical work. And because we are in start-up phase for all of those very strong bookings that we generated last year remember in the third and fourth quarter of 2018 we had book-to-bill ratios of 1.7. And those were -- lots of them were full clinical work and they are in start-up phase. And during that start-up phase they are -- there is no pass-throughs obviously right? So that's what's causing the headwinds from pass-throughs -- the higher headwind from pass-throughs in the fourth quarter. Now the good news is full clinical are the nice sweet spots of the CRO business where you want to be and they have higher margins. And we expect strong margin drop-throughs in the next couple of years as we continue to deploy those -- or perform those clinical trials.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I think we've mentioned in the past that our capabilities are unique what we call the CORE-powered SMART trials using data analytics and technology to, sort of, model out the trial early on, healthy trial design, optimize protocols, accelerate site identification to optimize the trial strategy and of course all of that supporting a faster and more precise patient recruitment, which is demonstrated now by our performance on those trials. When we started after the merger I think we were very, very pleased to see quarterly awards not talking about bookings, but awards of SMART trials being the $200 million $300 million a quarter. And I mentioned in my introductory remarks that this past quarter we had over $900 million of award and that service is only in terms of the -- of CORE-powered SMART trials. It's becoming the way we do business. We are applying CORE-powered SMART trial to the vast majority of what we bid on today with a higher win rate as a result of those capabilities. Thank you. 
Ari Bousbib: Thank you, Shlomo. And we -- I know there's a lot of noise. And as you know there is an entrenched dominant competitor in this space that has had essentially easy for many years essentially for a decade. And so for sure we are coming from behind and that today has done a fantastic job and we admire their performance. But we believe that our product is superior in terms of functionality. I remind you that OCE is based on the different Salesforce platform than the competitor product was. The competitor product was built on the Salesforce platform of 10 years ago. Since then, it's a totally different platform with a lot more functionality that is being built into the platform and from which we have benefited. So the added functionality is really what helps us win. There are AI/ML modules built into this OCE platform that do not exist at the competitors. In order to match those, they have to build custom-made modules. Now ours are standard and built from the start, that's the fundamental difference. That's the fundamental difference and this is why we are able to win. Trust me on a global deployment in over 100 countries as we're doing for Roche for such an important tool for Roche, a few dollars more or less I'm not going to make them switch. This is one of the most sophisticated pharma companies around. They will pay a higher price for better functionality. In the grand scheme of things, it does not represent a huge line item in Roche's P&L. Okay? So we are not an underlying in stress. We are not pricing below. We actually in some cases have priced at a premium.
Ari Bousbib: Look I usually refrain from commenting on what competitors are doing. I mean all I know is the competitor bought a company that kind of -- that works with, I think, which is was called cross [Indiscernible] -- 
Ari Bousbib: Something like that, that has a little bit of data or that works with data. I'm not quite sure what it is to be frank. But clearly, it's an event that provide them capabilities additional. And then there are other reactions that I'd rather not comment on -- but I -- we're just focused on executing on our strategy.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. So today, look we have a few modules that are already available and that are being sold. We have specific technologies like the site portal, the investigated payments and e-consent that are out in the market and are quite successful. There are also patient photos. Virtual Trials that I discussed is really what we've been pushing. And by the way in the context -- I don't want to bring it up again. In context of what's going on in China with Virtual Trial, the technology actually shows that that's the way of the future. Risk-based monitoring and mobile CRA will go live in the first quarter of 2020. And we've got additional products like CTMS which will be released in Q4, so -- which again with a full sweep. As we said the full suite would be essentially available by the end of the year, so we're releasing modules as we go.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Erin thanks for the question. We indeed as you pointed out actually exceeded our plans, for the $200 million synergy costs take-outs, that we have announced at the time of the merger. And we achieved that sometime earlier in 2019. But we also announced at our investor conference in June that we were launching a new $200 million cost-elimination initiatives for -- which we named V22 for the next 3-year period: 2020, 2021, 2022, and we are doing this in order to take advantage of the new larger scale of our business. We're now at a phase of an inflection point frankly, where we see growth accelerating. And we have to make sure when this happens in a business that, we don't let costs creep up ahead of revenue or even at the same time or in line with revenue. At the same time, we got to support that growth. So it's a more complex on an equation to manage. And therefore, it's important that we have a specific program. And we do have a program office, with a full-time team, that's dedicated to running those initiatives, across the company. Those run the gamut from continued initiatives on procurement, on infrastructure optimization, whether it's real estate, IT systems. And of course the more complex aspects of automation, using bots and AI/ML tools within our own operations. Offshoring which continue scaling up our Philippines, our India, and our other offshore centers in Eastern Europe, in South America, to continue supporting the growth from those centers. And all of those, in combination, we expect to generate exiting 2022, $200 million of cost savings, which we believe is necessary to more than offset the headwind to margins, that we would otherwise have, if we did nothing else. And we believe that, that is going to be ramping usually, a smaller portion in the first year. Maybe I'm going to say 20% or so of that $200 million will come in 2020, and then, perhaps another 30% or so in 20'21, and then, the balance the last 50%, during 2022. So that's the best estimate we have here, on how this is going to ramp up. Thank you very much, Erin.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. We're not going to disclose it yet; you know more than 10, less than 20, okay? And it's all with large pharma.
Ari Bousbib: Thank you for asking the questions, Erin. I think we're approaching the top of the hour now. So I think we'll end the call there. And thank you everyone for taking the time for joining us today. And we look forward to speaking with you again, on our first quarter 2020 earnings call. Jen and I will be available to take any follow-up questions you may have for the rest of the day. Thank you very much.
