Ari Bousbib: Maybe I’ll say a couple of words and Mike can feel free to chip in. Look Bob, we’d like to see this today, but it’s a long cycle business. We always said, since the time of the merger that we would begin to see the benefits of the merger on our top line, exiting third year after the merger. That’s not going to be before the end of ‘19, and we are sticking to that plan and target. Now, having said that, you are correct we are actually doing probably better than we expected in terms of our market share gains and bookings, perhaps a little than we had anticipated. But, I do want to remind you that today -- and we are going to have these for the next quarter or two, we are executing backlog that was sold -- booked before the merger. And you may want to have some perspective and recall that in some quarters before the merger, we actually had book-to-bill ratios that were below 1. And so, we are in a sense fighting that adverse effect of bookings and have been at least above 1, and maybe we would start to see some growth accelerating earlier than the end of ‘19. But again, we are delivering growth in our R&D, despite these backlog issues prior to the merger. We are delivering growth that I think better than all of us were expecting. Year-to-date, what’s our R&D growth…
Ari Bousbib: Right. If you add -- again, pass-throughs are pretty much where we thought they would be. They’re kind of flattish year-over-year, and that’s creating a headwind to our growth of several basis points, consistently we had since the beginning of the year.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I have got some numbers here. Thanks for the question. Year-to-date, if you look at gross new bookings in the EBP segment, which continues to be very, very strong frankly in the marketplace and for us in particular. As you know we put renewed emphasis on the go-to-market in EBP since after the merger. Year-to-date, we have 73% or 75%...
Ari Bousbib: 78%, right, so almost 80%, in the quarter -- actually the growth, I am even afraid of mentioning the number, but it’s just under 90% growth in the third quarter for EBP, our gross new bookings. So, again, I think, I mentioned that year-to-year -- I didn’t mention this. On a year-to-date basis, gross new business award, which probably is a best way to look at market share, this is awards, not contracted and this is on a gross basis, they grew year-to-date 30% in aggregate. So, again, very, very strong, but again, a big, big piece comes from the growth in EBP. So, yes, thank you very much.
Ari Bousbib: Thanks for the question. Look, I want to answer the question more from a strategic standpoint. If you look at what we’ve been doing, and this was true before the merger of IMS and certainly has continued and accelerated since the merger of IQVIA, a very significant area for investments for us is to embed data analytics and technology in everything we do. And the reason I believe this is very important to understand is, look, we don’t want to be in commoditized businesses. We want to add value to our customers. We want to the sell based on outcomes and value and on performance. We want to embed strong intellectual property in everything we do and build long, sustainable partnerships with our clients well into the future, and gain a bigger share of their spend. To step back, our pharma clients spend globally spent well over $200 billion in the type of stuff that we offer. We are the largest provider of these services by far across the board at over $10 billion of revenue a year versus our competitors in any of the segments that we compete in. And so, even we are the largest in any of these businesses, that still represents less than 5% market share of the total spend. There is no one in the world of pharma that doesn’t buy something from us. So, we already are present, as you say, in all of these clients. And we have a great commercial footprint that we can continue to leverage and try to gain share of that spend. That’s our strategy. And technology is front and center of the core of these. So, with respect to the segment -- narrow segment of CRM, and as we redefined it, OCE, our strategy has been to integrate applications across the board to make it a seamless experience for our clients and deliver SaaS applications that are very easy to use, easy to plug in that can leapfrog what’s already in the market. We have this great collaboration with Salesforce that led to the OCE platform we launched in December. We believe it’s -- the next generation solution is obviously built on a more advanced Salesforce platform, than anything that was in the market before. So, it benefits from that added functionality and standardization. And we’ve seen that this is what we want at Roche, and this is a large global deployment in over a hundred markets. It’s very significant in every dimension you can think of. And you can be sure that we’ve been discussing similar type of engagements with all of the large pharma. Now regretfully, they are on a different platform now and it’s a higher ramp and we need to get to the point where they are going to consider, switching over, and we’re working on that. Having said that, anyone else who’s looking for a new platform, typically we’ve been wining in the vast majority of the cases, and we will continue that. Now, I also want to say a word about our expansion in clinical technology. We made a lot of investments right off the bat immediately after the acquisition. That’s why we spent a lot of money in acquisition, the first year, last year. You see that this has tampered as you see. I don’t think we did much acquisition this quarter. [Multiple Speakers] Yes, 20, $30 million, nothing. And we’ve built I think a very, very strong set of capabilities, which we are now integrating. And we are going to do this on Health Cloud with Salesforce; we’ve expanded our pharmacies. They are very excited about it; we’re very excited about it. And it’s going to be even more integrated on the commercial side because this is new. There’s really no competition out there. People have point solutions once again. And we are going to take our Orchestrated Clinical Technology or OCT to market as soon as we are ready. The technology will cover areas such as regulated content management, regulatory compliance and of course, the virtual trials that we’ve been talking about. So, again, we’re very excited about this. And we believe this will differentiate us in the market place and accelerate our penetration of pharma.
Ari Bousbib: In terms of margins, you are right. I mean, all the things I just mentioned, don’t come for free, certainly Next-Gen capabilities build-up continues to be a headwind because we continue to hire in a tight market, very expensive, highly qualified data scientist. It’s probably the single most sought out after skill set. Everyone wants to be in artificial intelligence and predictive analysis and machine learning, and that’s what we are all about. We’ve been talking about this long before. It’s become a buzzword. We continue to invest in this area. We continue to invest in our technology suite and development program with Salesforce, as I discussed; and of course the implementation. I mean look, the first year of implementing large deployment, like the one with Roche is not profitable endeavor for us. So, these clearly are headwinds, but we are committed to continue to deliver margin expansion. Obviously, as we deploy in the years ahead these technologies and there is a less of that headwind, then obviously, margins should continue to creep at a much faster speed than they are. If you eliminate -- that’s why I wanted to share with you the year-to-date margin expansion at constant currency, you can see that absent the headwinds, we have expanded margins a lot more. There’s a revenue drop through of course form accelerating growth and then there is all the cost containment and the integration synergies which we are very on track to deliver. I think we are a little ahead probably on the cost target. You will remember we had $200 million of cost takeout everything else being the same on the base line we had at the time of the merger. And we said this would be fully there, exiting ‘19, and therefore, you will get all the benefit in ‘20. However, I think we are seeing an acceleration of that and we are very much probably I would say Andrew and Mike, correct me if I am wrong, how much of the $200 million have been executed, probably I would say two-thirds. Yes. We are in the two-thirds, 70% exiting ‘18; we will be 70% in and that comes in, in the ‘19 numbers already with the last 30% continuing so far. That’s what is for the integration.
Ari Bousbib: Fixed price? Let’s see. I have got the numbers here for you. On the Next-Gen awards, this is in the quarter or year-to-date? Overall, yes, yes. I think about 50% approximately of everything that we have been awarded to-date, so I said before it’s almost $3 billion since the merger, about 50% is on the fixed price. Sometimes it’s not all fixed price, but let’s say, call it fixed price of this $3 billion. And if you look across R&D bookings, all included, going forward, what we are trying to -- what we are trying to -- what we’re seeing here based on the numbers we are looking at here going forward, I would say about a third of all of our bookings will have either all fixed price or some significant portion that’s on a fixed price basis, about a third, all inclusive, not just this.
Ari Bousbib: Well, look, we already are in the market, again sending point solutions. You are familiar with [indiscernible] and we also actually sold a couple of small pilot trials on the virtual trial front. We also sold some very nice work on the compliance side to few large top five European pharma companies. But, look, it’s going to take a little bit of time to develop. The program really calls for later in ‘19 to have our first fully integrated clinical trial technology suite.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I had the same situation. Unfortunately we’re using -- I assume that we’ll have the effect on -- I don’t remember here, but I don’t see the number here. But, this $4.6 billion over the next 12 months should be quite -- could be higher, right, if we haven’t had…
Ari Bousbib: Right. So, that’s -- a big portion of the $125 million that we talked about the headwind next year is actually in R&D. And again, I think that also the 2016 weak booking is also reflection of that. There were some of them which we’re again executing. This is why it’s around. But, remember, when we book a $1 today, it does translate into maybe $0.09 or $0.10 of revenue the following year and then it ramps up further $0.25 to $0.30. So, really ‘18, ‘19 is when we are seeing revenue from the bookings in ‘16, which I’ll remind you were not that special. So, that’s part of it, and it’s the mix as well. As more complex projects, which we -- more specialty stuff, where most of the Next-Gen capabilities apply, so it takes a little bit of time to run this up. But, it’s a mix issue as well. So, it’s a bunch of mix and match. But, I agree with you, I would like to this number tick up. And we would have ended up significantly, absent the FX.
Ari Bousbib: So, I would love -- that’s a good question, Eric. To be honest with you, I would love to give you the number, but we’re not authorized to share that number. And it’s a large deal. We shared the number of… 
Ari Bousbib: Yes. It’s 14,000 seats, which is pretty large by CRM standards in contract, in over 100 countries. So, if you try to figure out what -- and again, it includes also a lot of other stuff. It’s not just CRM; I mentioned promo and so on, and yes, management. So, it’s a large contract. Okay. I mean, I think the numbers for license proceeds, this is a software business model, as you know, there is some implementation upfront on a front number. But then, it’s on the software basis. And the deal is -- we mentioned how many years? It’s 5 years, I don’t remember.
Ari Bousbib: Right. And again, you can probably derive some kind of range, but it’s a large deal. It’s larger that what my collogues at the legacy Quintiles organization would call an elephant trial. So, it’s a large number. So, more importantly, look, I mean, the market has been dominated largely by one company and that company probably has 80%, 90% share of large pharma clients. We only launched OCE in December. And we have not so much revenue here. So, we see a great market opportunity. It’s large segment, people say it about $2 billion. There is a large pharma renewal cycle that takes place over the 12 to 18 months. So, we think fair shot at claiming a non-insignificant share of the market because we strongly believe we have a superior solution.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. So, I can’t speak to bookings or to the market in general. But I can tell you that it’s not that it’s not the priority, it’s a smaller part of the business. But, since we pulled this out of the market, as you know, we were -- our first goal around was to try to divest. And we decided that we are going to retain it for now. And we have actually put a lot of emphasis from a managerial standpoint, over the past few months, in turning around this business. Now, we are now executing whatever was told before. But, I think we are -- let me put it this way. I am challenging the team to turn this trend around. I don’t want to see any red next year. And hopefully, we will turn this right. As we said, it’s early because we are in the mid of the planning cycle. But hopefully, I am looking forward to putting a marker for ‘19. That’s a bit more positive I can put it this way, than what you’ve seen to-date, over the past few years, in that business. And of course, we are of course trying to drive cost down and take it to market in a more accelerated fashion. So, that’s what I can share now. So, yes, I have good hopes and I am certainly targeting better performance in ‘19.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I think we have that -- look, we run almost a 1,000 clinical trials -- full clinical trials and a few hundred more where we are involved not necessarily as full clinical but provided resources. I don’t have those numbers here. But, I’m sure we can provide you with the number of sites we work with. And of course we have strategy, that’s a classical way we do business with all of our competitors. I just don’t have those numbers right here. I’m sure you can follow up. Andrew will be happy to provide you with these numbers. 
Michael McDonnell: The only thing I would add as well, as since [ph] we’ve moved to the new accounting standard on 606, this is our first year of implementing, and we recast last year. We are seeing some lumpiness as we go through the year that I think -- and Ari mentioned in the remarks, Under 605, we would have been several hundred basis points higher. We got to translate this through to the new accounting standard as well.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. I want to remind you that the FX comments that we made on this, Bob, we lost about $35 million to FX for the balance of ‘18 from a revenue perspective. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, there’s about $125 million of a headwind that we see, based on current rates in 2019. So, that goes right to that metric. At the time that we recasted our opening backlog, it was about $4.5 billion that progressed to $4.6 billion. I would note that we are seeing some very good success with Next-Gen as we talked about it, but that also shifts the mix to some more complex businesses. And we have probably a larger mix of historically slower burning projects, as a result of having more complex trials that will take a little longer to complete. So, I think overall, there is some rounding in the FX is really the primary thing that I would point to on that metric.
Michael McDonnell: Yes. This is Mike speaking. I would say, absolutely, you may have seen that we ended the quarter, net debt at about 4.5 times. So, we’re very comfortable at that level. We have a very good high visibility business with R&D, typically the better part of 80% of the expected revenue in years sitting in backlog. We have a subscription business, data and lot of the tech business; we just have very good cash flow visibility, only about 4% CapEx intensity. We’ve moved our maturities out to 2023 and beyond. And importantly, we fixed a lot of our debt. So, to your question about rates and potential increases, when you look at our elements of fixed debt and consider the swaps that we put in place and other protections that we have in the way of floors and caps and so forth, you get to remember that’s about 75% or little higher of our debt that’s effectively fixed. So, I think we’re sitting right in the sweet spot of a logical leverage level we’re very comfortable with it.
Michael McDonnell: And our average cost of debt is running at about 3.8%. So, we’ve got very -- and after-tax probably closer to 3%. So, it’s a very comfortable level for us.
