Ari Bousbib: Well, thank you. But the -- on your question, about 50%, I would say, moved to remote monitoring. Obviously, the FDA has issued guidance on how we should do remote monitoring. The guidelines are extremely beneficial that provide a way to enable remote approaches to monitor patients and site data. Obviously, you have to check that they're taking their medication and so on.  We built the industry's largest central monitoring organization, and it's across 5 global locations. It supports our remote monitoring capability. We have hundreds of already successfully executed risk-based monitoring studies, RBM studies, in which remote monitoring has been the key component. This is before the crisis. And we complete thousands of remote monitoring visits successfully every year, and the number is growing. So we were happy with the FDA guidance.  There are, of course -- I just -- besides, there are trials where remote monitoring of data is not always an option. Even when the technology and complexity of the -- and the regulatory infrastructure allows this, sometimes it's not always feasible. Not all of the components of the trial also may be monitored remotely. So the key to monitor successfully is to apply the appropriate level of remote and on-site monitoring based on risk. To do that, you need a good therapeutic understanding of the protocol. You need to [indiscernible] strong analytics and technology. So we've got all these elements at scale, but not every trial lends itself to remote monitoring.
Ari Bousbib: Obviously, the -- look, we've got to -- over 100,000 sites around the world. So the situation is very different site by site, and you're right to point to therapeutic differences. Patient safety, obviously, in oncology is paramount because the patients are in the middle -- especially for in-site trials, where you can't just stop the treatment mid-course. So those are more likely to come back faster.  The activities that are hampered by these -- by the lack of access are site start-up, patient enrollment and, as we just discussed, monitoring. So it's not just the monitoring visits. It's also the early part, and as you know, we've got a big backlog of trial in start-up phase. So that has been the key hindrance for us.  Thank you. I'll ask everyone to if you could just -- given the timing constraint, I just want to limit your questions to one, unless it's an obvious follow-up. Thank you. Thanks, Bob.
Ari Bousbib: Well, look, what we're talking about here is accessibility to on-site monitoring. That doesn't necessarily mean that all of the activities related to the trial are going to be enabled just because we can now access safely the site. You also have to have patients coming back. For example, we've seen in China that even when the site is open, not all patients are willing to come in. There's going to be a little bit of lingering concerns. So that's number one.  Number two, once the site is accessible to our CRAs, then they can go in and perform all the tasks that -- as I said in my introductory remarks, there are many tasks that we cannot do remotely, that the vast majority of the trials are going to require us to go back on-site and do the work that we would have done now in the second quarter or third quarter, checking documentations, making sure everything is in order and so on, physically, which is required. And our clients have already told us they will require that, when they accept remote monitoring visits, it's really to check on the patients and to do all the things we can do remotely. We still have to go on-site to do that work.  So this snapback does include a catch-up, if you will. In a given trial, that means, and I think our clients understand that, that the overall cost of the trial is going to go up because in addition to the remote monitoring visits, which we're doing now, we still have to do an on-site visit. It won't be the same on-site because a lot of the activities will have been done remotely, but there is an incremental piece of work that still needs to be done to ensure full compliance. So this is part of why it looks like a V-shaped somewhat.
Ari Bousbib: Thank you, Eric. Okay, I think it's a good question. But look, when we said fixed price, I think it's a big -- it's a "fixed price", right? It's -- we don't have any contract where we take to one price for everything. No, it's parts of the contract that are based on a specific milestone being achieved in exchange for a specific value to be paid. Now obviously, all contracts have caveats, have outs, have circumstances. And look, our clients want the trial to be conducted. So they understand there are changes of scope that are being discussed. Fixed price is assuming the site visit can actually be performed. If it cannot be performed, then there's no way to fulfill the contractual obligation. So there has to be scope changes. I'm not -- I understand where the question comes from, but it's not a concern for us.  With respect to the book of business, in aggregate, look, the RFP flows, as I said earlier, are essentially flat to 2019, whether it's in dollars or in volume. And as you know, 2019 was a real, real record year. Our total R&DS pipeline is up mid-teens year-over-year, and our qualified pipeline for the next 12 months is the largest qualified pipeline we've ever had.  So the message I'm trying to send here, and frankly, while it might be intuitively easy to conclude that, we ourselves are stunned by the degree to which this is a very resilient industry, the pharma industry. And as I said before, it's not going away. If anything, I think people are right in the past to target pharma companies. I think these talks hopefully will recede and people -- as people understand how crucial drug discovery is.  And frankly, Eric, we are very confident going into 2021. We are -- this is why we've decided not to alter our operational capabilities. Even as many of our employees are essentially at home not very utilized, we decided we want to take care of them and continue because we've got strong expectations for 2021. It's also why we decided to engage as a leadership team. Now we've already started planning for 2021 because, again, we have good visibility on the book of business.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I mean look, we -- long before the crisis had been advancing our virtual trial platform and -- which is being -- was being piloted last year and which -- for which we're having a lot of demand right now, many, many clients calling to ask whether we can transition, now it's hard to do that in the middle of a trial. But we are doing it to the degree we can, and we [indiscernible] accelerating development. So we think the trend will continue, and certainly -- but you will always need physical visits as well, okay? There's no way around it. A virtual trial means that all the pieces that can be done remotely will be done remotely. The patient still has to interact with their physician. And to the degree they could do it with telehealth, they'll do that. But there will be physical interactions as well. So the answer to your question is yes, people will accelerate the way we're thinking about this going forward. So yes.  I mean look it's true. I know what you're looking at. The unit price for a remote monitoring visit is less than a standard in-person site visit, given that there's less effort. There's no -- there's also less pass-through expense because there's no travel, for example, to the site. On the other hand, there is more time and more productivity. Again, as I said before, in-person site visits are still required, even in virtual trials, to meet the source data verification criteria. And until the standards, the regulatory standards change, we still need to verify the source data. And so yes, I mean the trial budget, actually, in the context of the crisis, as I said before, probably are going to go up, not down for now.
Ari Bousbib: The TAS business, okay. Yes, yes. Well, look, I mean, again, I just want to remind you, the TAS business roughly can be divided into 3 thirds, which is our legacy IMS info business and then you've got the technology business and then you've got the -- Technology and Analytics business and then you've got the Real-World business.  So with respect to information, the demand and our ability to supply our -- the information has been -- if anything, had a little uptick in the middle of the crisis. And once again, this is a business that's been historically flat. It is subscription-based, license-based and is more than 90% recurring. So that is entirely intact.  The part of the business that -- on the Real-World side that is based on patient-level data and so on is intact. The part of the business that's still prospective study is more similar -- more akin to the R&DS business and does require site visits. That has similar type of characteristics and has a little bit of headwind as a result of the crisis.  The Technology & Analytics business is basically intact. A lot of it is also licenses and recurring business. What is true, frankly, in this business is that the business that requires -- that's more marketing and sales, that requires face-to-face interactions, it's not a big business, frankly, but it is essentially virtually coming to a halt because you just can't have meetings with doctors. You can't have the conferences where -- or the compliance meetings and so on take place. And it's very hard to do it remotely. Maybe -- I think the last number I saw is 12% of that business has been moved to webinar-type format, but it's clearly not the same thing. And so that is very affected. But again, it's a very small part of the total. So yes, that is why the impact on TAS is less than on R&DS.  With respect to the exciting part of that business, which is the OCE platform, we've crossed the 100 customer mark with over 100 wins. We continue to see a lot of success. We're winning 2 out of 3 times against the competition. We are -- with a handful of exceptions, generally speaking, we're not seeing any slowdowns in the implementations. Actually, we've seen acceleration. We went live in the middle of the crisis for several deployments. They were very successful. I saw some very nice feedback from clients. The demand for remote detailing continues to rise with the OCE remote detailing, which is the most secure compliant platform in the space. We also launched in Q1 our compliance solutions in the commercial space. We also launched HCP engagement management, which already has 4 wins in Q1 and a strong pipeline.  So the technology platform business, we're not seeing any slowdown even on the business development front. Now they're all in the projects, analytics. We've got a little bit of consulting projects. All of that, as always, is delayed. And some of the business development activity is just being pushed to the right because the meetings can't take place and because the clients themselves are somewhat on hold with respect to new purchases of somewhat discretionary projects. So that obviously is a headwind to the rest of the year, third, fourth quarter and first quarter and next year. And again, these are smaller parts of the TAS business.
