Ari Bousbib: Yes, thank you Erin. We are in this seeing a lot of interest and our traction in the market -- we originally thought that we would be able to target up to 20% of the pipeline with our next-gen capabilities. But as we progressed and taking this to market now it's becoming operational, we see that it can be applied to a much bigger proportion of the trials and substantially 50% or 60%. So we are excited, we are totally are ahead of our original plans in terms of next-generation capabilities based awards. I think now our premerger or the time of the merger, we were hoping to have books by now about $300 million of next-gen base capabilities wins, but in fact we have 1.2 billion. So, we are very pleased with the traction we're getting so far. We also find that in the biotech area and that was particularly true with the fourth quarter, it is very applicable and very compelling. It's probably also easier generally because the decision making process is simpler in the EBP segment, and you generally have very senior leaders and sponsors that are exposed to our demos directly and can make a decision. So, in fact 70% of the next-generation awards during Q4 were with emerging biotech. And of course as we noted previously, we are very pleased that many large pharma companies that had previously done zero business with Quintiles Legacy CRO business have awarded us significant trials on the back of those capabilities since the merger.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, again, we have to be obviously -- this is new, we are very careful about this. We don’t disclose really how much of our new business is fixed price. These are, obviously, commercial elements to the strategy. We said previously that about maybe up to a quarter of the next-gen capabilities awards have idle in totality a fixed price in contractual arrangement or a hybrid fixed price in contractual arrangement. There are aspects of the project that lend themselves more to fixed price. We hope overtime that this will apply to more of the pipe and again we will be monitoring this carefully. We always have -- always say, we mind the business of growing our market share and our revenues. We’re also in the business of growing our margins.
Ari Bousbib: Right and that's because those acquisitions were down through the year. So roughly about half of the revenue that they would have contributed came in 2017, and so the other half, we have the full-year, will come in '18. So that’s what we see in the numbers.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, so as you know, I don’t think it was a secret. We spent -- we have a lot to do in other parts of the business and we spent considerable amount of time working on the R&D and the commercial integration. We decided to explore strategic alternatives for the business and we went through that process, and as a result kind of let the segment very much long during the year. We had a few reviews but we carved out the financials. We stood it up as a separate business entity. Even though again, this business is a very local business, probably the single most local business is all of the businesses in our portfolio. The decisions are very much contrary level very local, but we left it operating as a global segment. We continue to report other segments for now though we made the decision to integrate it more with our regional go-to-market business model and to have our commercial leaders take ownership for it at the regional level. So that’s the first big change that we have that is we are going to take it to market along side, the rest of our commercial products and services suite. Separately from the product side, obviously we have a lot of capabilities whether its information assets or technology applications. We talked about OCE that we are going to a factor into the equation when we go to market. Again, to the degree we can equip our sales reps with more capabilities, data and tech, we believe they can be more effective in the marketplace, and we believe we can at least partially price that with customers than -- we probably have -- potentially have a winner in terms of beginning to turnaround that business. So, that, these are the two main things. Reorganization of the go-to-market, re-localize the business and to bring more capabilities to the floor. And we want to be realistic and conservative in terms of what we expect given the market dynamics of an overall relatively stable to declining sales reps headcount globally and pockets of the markets were that is declining. Bear in mind also, we don’t have that business in many regions, many regions of the world like, I think the entire Asia Pacific region doesn’t have -- we don’t have any presence whatsoever in this business. And that is the region where actually there are market opportunities, market growth opportunities. With the exception of Japan, we have no presence in those markets. So again, by integrating the business more regionally, we potentially have an opportunity to address segments that we were not previously addressing when the business was a more standalone.
Ari Bousbib: Look, it's hard to focus on a quarterly burn rate metric. Burn rate kind of fluctuate for a number of reasons. If you win a large multiyear study and we didn't win quite a few, the burn rate will go down. If you win more SST work, the burn rate may go down depending on the length of the contract. A very strong bookings quarter may cause the next quarters' burn rate to go down. So also our burn rate tends to fluctuate with season trend as well. So it's hard to draw conclusions from one quarter. So in theory, you should see for the industry as a whole. For the industry as a whole, we should see burn rates to reduce as a trend, simply because patients are becoming harder to find and trials are becoming more complex. So product gets stuck into backlog and patient recruitment kind of slows. So, this is why a blind next-generation capabilities and using our analytics and technology and so on, we're having success rescuing these studies and overtime you are correct those should help us do better than overall industry.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, so Bob, we do have a new authorization and certainly we continue to see our stock as a very attractive investment and we will continue to be a buyer. You shouldn’t expect the pace that you saw perhaps that we did in 2017, but certainly we are going to continue to be a buyer of our shares and we factored at least some of that into our thinking for the 2018 guidance. And I think that the authorization that we announced today also sets up very nicely through repurchasing stock, not only in 2018 but beyond that as well.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, Ross, thank you for the question and by the way welcome back. We as you know have had the tradition at IMS historically to develop technology capabilities. We did this partially in-house and partially through acquisition of capabilities and typically we buy a small company that has one or two applications and then we take them to a different level by integrating them into the rest of the applications, number one. And number two, by allowing our sales force to take you to market to clients who would not have otherwise considered buying from a small outfit. That has been our strategy. And early on post-merger, we identified a great opportunity on the clinical technology side. That is redoing the same thing that we've done with commercial side, which culminated as you mentioned with this OCE offering, which is sale force platform based. Do the same thing on the clinical technology, and by the way, we're working also hand in hand with sales force and other partners on the clinical side. The reason why we feel this is different and unique, this is not new many people have identified this issue. Processes are very, very manual in life sciences, a lot of paper. Great opportunity for automation of what's really our standard processes. The processes are already standardized because they're highly regulated in many instances. And the history and the tradition have been as these were largely paper based and manual. So when you look at it in a wholesome fashion, really from the clinical side to the commercialization side, you see that they all leverage the same data inputs and really could be handled on a seamless technology platform. And that is where we want to play. There are in the market many technology applications some of them very successful whether it’s a math data management application or a CRM application, but they are very siloed. Our strategy is to build a technology platform across the board. That doesn't mean that you have to buy the entire platform, the entire suite, you can buy a module and it’s a plug and play, but you get material benefits both in terms of deployment of the platform and implementation. You noted maybe that we bought a company in the fourth quarter called HighPoint. That's a technology implementation services company. And the reason we did this is because we want to continue develop this idea that we can help our clients do better, be more efficient and deploy state-of-the-art capability and we want to provide the implementation. Many times when we go-to-market, clients starts well this is great, but how do I make it work, right. I mean this is -- it looks good but I just don't have the capabilities in-house. And today when they buy one application from a technology vendor, they've got to go out and ask people like Accenture or IBM or what have you, to come in as a third-party implementation vendor. And while we do work with those as well, the reality is, it is a lot better and most seamless experience for the customer win. We think ownership responsibility for the delivery of the technology and the operationalization of the technology with the clients' personnel directly without another implementation partner in the middle. So that’s our strategy and we think it’s a little different than others, and we are very excited by the prospects also on the clinical side.
Ari Bousbib: No, okay, fine. So I am going to take that and ask you guys to chime in. The -- well, it's a good observation. First of all, the fourth quarter hockey stick has always been the true on the commercial side. I’m speaking now about the legacy IMS piece of the commercial side, which is the bulk of the business. So, we always had fourth quarter. What -- the reason this happens frankly Eric is that our client have budgets is that they planned on and they tend to be prudent earlier in the year and then with summer is kind of dull drawn so the third quarter typically is low. And then the fourth quarter, people kind of get busy again and set up the year. So, they set up their data needs. So they approach this there. They finalize their technology plans and so there is a lot of last quarter activity going into November December on the commercial side that has always be the case. If we go back to IMS historical numbers, you see fourth quarter always very strong. Second driver particularly this year is the real world business which we -- was I'd say the largest part of the legacy Quintiles business that we inherited from the merger and that came into new commercial segment wasn’t doing that great, earlier in the year or other time of the merger. And a considerable amount of work was put into reorganizing this business and integrating it. And it's a little bit of a shorter cycle and it also has long cycle, this is little bit of a shorter cycle business. And we were able to see early on great results from that and we saw in the fourth quarter in the beginning of the turnaround on the Quintiles real-world legacy business, the real world late Phase, which integrated -- we have always said that was a -- I recall I'll remind you this was the original area of collaboration Quintiles decided to the merger was on the real world style. And so, we kind of had a hedge stock if you will and the fourth quarter was particularly strong there and also is responsible for some of that perhaps higher uptick in the fourth quarter on the commercial side. Anything else guys you wanted to suggest on the commercial side.
Ari Bousbib: The book, I mean, I want to be very clear, Mike. And we wanted to be clear we showed you book-to-bill ratios exclude FX, okay. If you add FX, the book-to-bill ratio is north of 1:3. That’s not -- we took out FX. When we shown you those book-to-bill metrics, we want to show you what is the underlying growth of the business. If you want to look at, you want us to look at honestly what actually is the revenue built into the booked backlog for the future and look at it as actual effects, it's going to be higher than that. And the backlog reported at $10.5 billion -- $10.4 billion, that's at the yearend close backlog and maybe there is what you want to say how much of that in FX.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, I think I am coming up on the hour, but I think we probably got time to squeeze in one more question.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, it's hard to model overall because we have so many projects going on, some of them are next-gen, some of them are not some of them are FX piece. It’s a different life across the overall book of business. I can tell you is that for the projects and soon we're going to have well over a 100 trials that are actually active based on next-gen capabilities. And we’re looking forward to reporting those metrics for larger base. If you remember at the November conference, Cindy Verst, who runs now that platform for us, reported some metrics in terms of acceleration of the timelines between booking and site start up and those look quite significant. Now, we did point out at the time that is all a very small sample of -- this was a small sample of trials so we don’t want to say that that improvement is going to be true across the board. We don't feel confident enough to say that it’s going to be as high as it was. But I mean we can certainly go back and look at the numbers and it was quite significant improvements on the timelines. Now as we do more and more next-gen base trials, you will see that we will report and we'll tell you how many results there was. But just to give you a second refresh the numbers that Cindy showed, these were really early proof points. Now, we don't think it’s enough to make it a model, but the benchmark from booking to site selection is typically 80 to 100 days. And with next-gen we're able to do it in less than 30 days. So you see a dramatic improvement to site selection. The timeline to site startup is usually between 60 and 300 days thereabouts with the early next-gen results we were between 15 and 240 days. And then the time to patient enrollment then we have a metric there, which measured the speed at which patients are enrolled. So the benchmark we using is 0.29 patients per site per month that’s kind of the baseline metric that we have over a large, large number of products over the long period of time. With next-gen early proof points, we are enrolling 0.46 patients per site per month. So a dramatic improvement from 0.29 to 0.46, again I don’t want to say this is what we are targeting, this is what we are going to be promising in a model, but these are the numbers from the early next-gen based trial as of last November when we reported this. We now have a lot more trials that I am going to get start. I mean we continue to update these figures and feel -- we feel comfortable. Once you have a couple of hundreds trials that are running, we feel we are in good shape. We can say, look, we can get to site identification 75 days faster to site start up 90 days faster and how the first patient enrolled 20 days faster. This makes a dramatic difference. So again, I’m trying to give you as much granularity as I can, but we will continue to update. And again in follow-up calls with the team, we can provide more color as required. I want to -- I think that we're well past the times. Thank you very much.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, we'll be available for the rest of the day to take follow ups. And we look forward to speaking to everyone on our Q1 2018 earnings call. Thank you.
Mike McDonnell: So, I think in terms of acquisition contribution if you look at the full-year '17, and I think our growth was little under 4%, and obviously we've had headwinds as we said we had from Encore and ECD. Mike called out the drags for the full-year by segment, I think if you take it up to the total company level, you got about a 100 basis points of drag there. And then IES has also been a little bit of a drag of 120 basis points or so. So your growth really excluding those drags closer to 5%. Now, as we said a year ago, we've been aggressively kind of trying to build up in the clinical tech space and so we’ve done a number of acquisitions things like DrugDev, Wingspan, HighPoint also. So we've done more than we usually would do. So we're at the higher end of our usual range, which is usually kind of 1 to 2 point. So, we're kind at the couple of points or so organic, inorganic contribution in the fourth quarter for the full-year that is rather -- sorry not fourth quarter.
Mike McDonnell: Yes, I think I mean over the medium term we’ve always said it’s kind of one to two points of contribution from acquisition. I think again it’s probably it’s probably going to be highest to the higher end given the amount of clinical tech stuff we did during 2017, so probably at the higher end of that 2.1.
Mike McDonnell: Yes, I would say this, Eric. We think it’s the best way to guide I think that we put the guidance based on current rates and where they sit today and gave you the growth indications by segment. Obviously, our guidance assumes that those rates are going to stay consistent throughout the rest of the year, which we think is the most appropriate way to guide. And that’s just kind of how we calculate and how we do it, and hopefully that’s the way it's done that makes the most sense.
Mike McDonnell: Yes, the Encore thing that was kind of big drag. On the commercial side, this Encore stuff really was 150 basis points of drag for the year. So when you add that back it's kind of a gets you to about six point of growth for '17 approximately and that’s kind of what we have been generating here in year out in the legacy IMS business. We have some more drag here because we move the clinical tech the CTOs business to clinical, but let's say six point of which as we said this acquisition there is always going to be acquisitions one to two point. So it's very consistent with our history once we clear up the drag from Encore.
