Ari Bousbib: Yeah. Thank you. Look, TAS, in general, has been more insulated from the impacts of COVID during 2020 than R&D or CSMS, right? So, all data, analytics, consulting, real world business were pretty much unaffected, and as you know noted, the only pockets there that we had -- where we had issues were the events management business, which essentially came to a halt. Now, in the fourth quarter the underlying TAS business return to normal growth rate. It had already returned to normal growth rates in the third quarter, I think, we posted 9.2% a constant currency growth in the third quarter. The sequential increase in that growth rate in the fourth quarter, which is about, let’s call it, 600 basis points was entirely due, as you know noted, to the incremental work from COVID-related activities. So we expect this incremental contribution to continue about the same pace into the first quarter. Now, similar to R&DS, the COVID work in TAS has been faster execution and the guidance that we give you for 2021 does include the COVID work that we have visibility to, but I can tell you, there is no COVID work in the second half of 2021 that’s built into our guidance. It’s still early in the year, so this could change, right? It’s not going to stop abruptly. But right now, the bulk of what we see in terms of COVID work in TAS for 2021 is in the first quarter, similar as in the fourth quarter and a little bit of sales in the second quarter and that’s it. What is that COVID work, by the way? It’s mainly related to projects for governments, essentially using our people and analytics to support authorities in the management of the crisis. The real work -- real world work for the FDA that I described in my introductory remarks. We also performing large scale diagnostic testing and monitoring of COVID patience for other governments, Europe and Asia, around the world. And we’re assuming that’s going to go away certainly by the middle of the year in our guidance. But again, that’s -- that could be -- that could prove to be and I have an expectation -- again, it’s not built in the guidance, but an expectation that we will continue to have similar type of work as we’ve developed capabilities and really a new set of offerings which we intend to go-to-market going forward.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. So, again, just as in TAS, COVID work did contribute significantly to R&DS growth. Obviously, I mean, look, mid double-digit growth in TAS is not the new normal. We’ve said TAS growth accelerated, but it accelerated to the high single-digit growth that we always anticipated pre-pandemic. If you go back to the guidance we gave, the long-term guidance we gave in June of 2019. We did expect TAS to reach high single-digit 8%, 9% and eventually 10%. But that’s the underlying TAS growth business. Now, with R&DS, it also, of course, would be misleading to look at the R&DS business, and say, that’s the normal mid double-digit growth. Obviously, it’s hard to -- it’s harder to determine what would have been without the COVID work, because without the COVID work, there would have been other business that had essentially been pushed to the right, right, in our MDS, as you can understand. But by the way, even absence the large COVID trials that we’ve been a privilege to work on, we would have had very strong underlying R&DS services growth in the fourth quarter as well. Now, we expect COVID work to be with us through 2021 and maybe also into 2022, because there’s a need for vaccines for multiple manufacturers to meet global demand. There are new vaccines that are being developed for variants of the virus. There are alternative vaccines that are needed in case of adverse safety events or quality issues or manufacturing delays. There are novel treatment programs that are targeted at specific populations and conditions. And of course, there are post-approval commitments to regulators, all of which do require continued R&D work. Now, look, we have a large backlog to execute, 22.6 billion at the end of 2020. We are, look, we have got the ability to execute on this existing backlog and that ability will continue to improve. Site startup and patient recruitment continues to improve. The next 12 month revenue from backlog has increase. So, all of this provides the basis for our 2021 R&DS revenue guide guidance. The pipeline of opportunities is very strong. If we exclude COVID opportunities, our pipeline is showing good growth. For example, the oncology pipeline is in the mid double-digit growth. The CNS pipeline is up low-double digits to at least 12%, 13%. Cardiovascular and diabetes pipe is growing strong double digits, very, very strong double digits. So we know if your question is suggesting that what happens post-COVID? We’re not falling off a cliff. We have -- the vast majority of the backlog is not COVID, obviously. If you look at our bookings in 2020, every quarter except for the first quarter, obviously, COVID-related work represented between 15% and 20% of our services bookings. And for the year, I think, it was exactly 15%, 1-5. So we continue to book very, very solid good business across all therapy areas and we expect our strong growth in R&DS to continue even post-COVID. Thank you.
Ari Bousbib: I mean, look, yeah. It’s just like. We’re delighted to have this COVID work, right? I mean, we are super excited, because the broader picture here strategically is that these crises, as bad as it was, for everyone. In terms of our company, we’ve been talking -- it’s almost like this company existed for situations like this. All of a sudden, the sets of capabilities that we’ve spent so much effort and investment developing, proved to be exactly what was needed to help our clients and to help governments, whether it’s on the commercial side, on the real world side or on the R&DS side. And our relationship with clients has been strengthened. This -- our sets of capabilities have been demonstrated and we expect to continue to capture an ever bigger share of spend going forward into the very long-term in the life sciences industry. And we really are very excited by the pipeline of opportunities, again both on the commercial side and on the R&DS side.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah. I mean, look, in the first -- when the trough in the -- at the worst moment of the crisis, we were like less than 20% of site access and that really created huge headwinds for our R&DS business, as you know. Second quarter earnings call, we told you that we would -- we had gone up to 53% site access. And at the end of the third quarter, we were at about 70% site access. And the kind of bad news good news here that we have not improved that metric, it remained at 70%. However, we’ve learned to work around that and the reason why it hasn’t gone back to 100%, frankly, is because of all these new flare ups, et cetera. But the good news here is that it’s been all right, because the -- it’s not so much we found with the number of sites, but it’s really other metrics. The main metric we looked at the beginning of the pandemic was site access, because again, without that you’ve got nothing. But we found out that there is a critical mass of site access, which again, we think is about the level where we are now, whereby our remote monitoring capabilities then prevent material disruption to the delivery of our services in general. We’ve got site networks, relationships, we can work around sites that are not yet up and running for clinical research and today we can pivot much faster to remote monitoring versus when this pandemic hit. Now, if you look at startup activity, which is another important metric that we were looking at, which had also come to a halt, is now back to baseline levels pre-pandemic and that’s extremely good news. And there hasn’t been any major change from this due to the increases in COVID cases or the new variants of the virus. So startup activity, people have learned to work with the virus and it’s essentially back to pre-pandemic levels and we don’t see that changing. Patient recruitment, another very important metric. Obviously, here we lag site startup, but essentially those trends are very strong and the patients are returning to sites essentially close to pre-pandemic levels. So, again, we’re very encouraged by that. You have another question on…
Ari Bousbib: Yeah. Yeah. Well, I mentioned that, in my prepared remarks that our virtual trials, technology has been really brought to the front here in the context of COVID. If you step back and think about what OCT is, there’s really four blocks. There is the digital site suite, which you don’t focus on the pin -- on the site portal, payments, ETMF. Then there is a digital patient suite with -- what the patient has to go through with e-consent, eCOA, that’s where the virtual trial essentially is the study hub. Then you have the digital trial management suite with the CTMS, risk-based monitoring and then you have the compliance suite with RIM Smart and Vigilant. So the technologies in our site suite, the patient suite and the compliance suite went live during 2020. And the technologies in our trial management suite will be going live shortly, most likely end of the first quarter, beginning of the second quarter of this year. So, again, all these four suites, the site, the patient and the compliance, they are all went live during 2020 and the trial management suite will be live to be probably March, April timeframe this year. And we are seeing very strong interest on clients. We have seen an increase in RFP activity for OCT platform, not just for individual suites or standalone products, but for the whole platform. We are seeing interest on all customer segments large, mid and AVP [ph] and stay tuned. We’ll report more on that. But the answer to your question is, we are live for most of the products and it will be fully live and operational by the beginning of the second quarter.
Ari Bousbib: It doesn’t change anything to the design of the trials. I mean, it just another element that allows a patient to access offices sites or interact with healthcare professionals. But would be -- would have been the same with a negative test or a -- or somebody with antibodies. I mean, that doesn’t change anything to the design, no. And then the second -- the first...
Ron Bruehlman: Yeah. Yeah. I would just add, Tycho, that we’ve included in our guidance, what we have direct visibility to, but this is a very fast moving environment and things pop up all the time. So it could change.
Ron Bruehlman: Yeah. First question was on site access and site access actually remained fairly close to the 70% number.
Ron Bruehlman: So, Ricky, the line was pretty bad there. We were struggling to hear you a little bit. I think your second part of the question was around patient recruitment and are we seeing -- expecting I guess pick up in terms of the population getting back and [Technical Difficulty] and people returning besides. I think, from what we are seeing…
Ron Bruehlman: Look, like, the backlog conversion is a really tough statistic to model out, because it depends on backlog burn, because it depends on how much we’re adding to the backlog in any quarter. So what we’ve tried to do is provide guidance to tell you how much we think it’s going to burn during the course of the year, the next 12 months revenue and allow you to take it from there. Yes, the COVID work does burn quicker than the other work. There’s no question about that. But we don’t guide to a particular backlog conversion rate, because it’s just too difficult to do, because it depends also on how much you happen to be booking, if you’re booking a lot, like, we have been recently than obviously the backlog goes up and the burn rate goes down. But that’s not a bad thing. So, yes, I would expect you would see a faster burn of the COVID-related work, which we mentioned was about 15% of our service bookings in 2020 and a more normal rate of burn on the rest of the backlog. And I think it still remains to be seen how much additional COVID-related work we’re going to book as we go through 2021. That’s still a question mark.
Ron Bruehlman: So when you look at the year-over-year FX impact, when you’re looking at the growth rate, ultimately, if you’re trying to take our reported guidance and get to a constant currency guidance, it’s…
Ron Bruehlman: … 100-basis-point tailwind year-over-year. Similar to that in TAS and CSMS and a little bit lower in R&D, maybe about 100 basis points in R&D.
Ron Bruehlman: Yeah. Yeah. So, previous guidance on 100 basis points and this will goes to the 200 basis points tailwind.
Ron Bruehlman: Look, it’s good question. The -- as you can see from our cash flow statement, the principal driver, in fact, pretty much the whole driver of our improvement in cash flow -- free cash flow in 2020 was due to improve collections performance. And that’s a combination of collecting quicker, but also billing in a more timely fashion and structuring contracts, so that we built earlier. And part of our collections effort, which we put a lot of focus on was bringing down our overdue receivables. We took our eye off the ball on that a little bit and put a lot of focus on that and we’re able to substantially put a dent in our overdue receivables, which has helped quite a bit. And I think a lot of the processes we put in place, all of them should persist in the 2021. We have to continue to put emphasis on it. But we’ve improved our processes and we expect that to continue. Now you did identify something that’s important, which is that the COVID-related work did bring some benefit in terms of customer advances and being able to bill in advance that helped our 2020 cash flow. I would -- so when you look at our 2020 cash flow, as a percentage of adjusted net income, it was unusually high. We target more in the 80% to 90% free cash flow as a percentage of adjusted net income in a normal year. But cash flow is very lumpy, so it bounces around. We had a very strong year in 2021 amidst as a percentage of net income, excuse me, 2020 as a percentage of net income that probably won’t be quite as strong in 2020. But fundamentally, we’ve improved quite a lot in terms of cash conversion and you should see continued benefit from that going into the future.
Ron Bruehlman: Yeah. Yeah. I just wanted to say, I think, sometimes investors have a tendency to equate our tech business with OCE, because we’ve all talked about it a lot and we have a competitor in that space that talks about it a lot as well. But we have a much broader tech business, as Ari was saying, then just that. I mean, across performance management, compliance, information management, social media, we -- your payer provider and then we have a growing clinical tech segment. So, just want to emphasize that the tech is a lot more than just OCE that for IQVIA.
