Thomas H. Pike: Thank you, Todd. Good morning to everyone and thank you for joining our second quarter 2016 earnings call. We're very pleased with our execution in the second quarter, which produced the results highlighted beginning on slide 4. Overall, we delivered 8.6% service revenue growth or 7.9% growth at constant currency rates, with Product Development accelerating to 13.2% growth or 13.1% in constant currency for the quarter. We grew diluted adjusted earnings per share by 19.2% to $0.93 per share with GAAP earnings per share of $0.71 per share, representing 6% growth. We had a very strong quarter in net new business, growing 24.4% over the prior year quarter, closing $1.64 billion of new business, translating to a company-wide book-to-bill of 1.41. In product development, we closed $1.39 billion of new business, our second largest quarter ever, driving a book-to-bill ratio of 1.56 in this segment. This performance brought our book-to-bill ratio in Product Development to 1.26 for the first half of 2016 and helped us exceed $12.5 billion of company-wide backlog as of June 30. We had strong cash flow from operations of $152.7 million in the first half of this year and repurchased $97.6 million or approximately 1.5 million shares of our common stock in the second quarter. We're pleased that our industry-leading Product Development business continues to operate from a position of strength. IHS performance, given our commercial sales business, as we've told you many times, can be lumpy. I'll discuss both of these segments later in the call. Now, let me hand over to Mike, who will walk you through our financial results in more detail.
Thomas H. Pike: Hi, Ross. It's Tom. Why don't I go ahead and take that one? Yeah. As you know, I meet with a lot of customers at various levels, and we continue to have tremendous feedback about what the opportunity is together. It's pretty clear that the clinical development enterprise is ripe for organizations that want to make significant improvements to it, and our ability to use big data now, really to use de-identified patient data, the significant physician database that IMS has is, being very well-received by customers. And it ranges from discussions about setting expectations well with the regulatory authorities about how many patients there are and where the patients are, all the way to making trials much more predictable in terms of really moving from a traditional analog way of calling physicians to see if they have patients to understanding the patient population while you're designing the protocol and while you're starting the site development process. So, I'll tell you, it's been uniformly good, interestingly, even on the commercial side, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. I think people find it very intriguing about how we have a number of very operational capabilities associated with areas like the CSO or certainly real-world in particular, and they bring – they have so much data and analytical horsepower at IMS. And so, organizations – we're having some very intriguing discussions about how we can work together to improve the commercialization of products. So, I'd say so far, Ross, uniformly, it's been terrific discussions, and we continue – because we're already doing it in the real-world sector, we continue to work with certain key clients on case studies and opportunities to leverage the data.
Thomas H. Pike: And I'd say – Tom – from my standpoint, I just – I am really pleased with the operating performance of Product Development. I mean, really that 13% revenue growth and then given these onetime items, it's really strong operating performance and we expected that folks will see what's going on there, very much as Mike described. So, I couldn't be more pleased with how that Product Development team performed this quarter.
Thomas H. Pike: Yeah. This is Tom. I was looking through some of the data around this and over the last couple of weeks. And interestingly, we're seeing about the same number of opportunities but the opportunities, we haven't had the chunkier opportunities and chunkier wins this quarter or really this year. Usually, that business has somewhat of a sawtooth pattern to it. If you look at it in terms of every other quarter, we have a strong quarter. This time, we didn't have the sawtooth pattern, we just had two flat teeth and I think the – I think what you're seeing is actually a fair volume, but we're not having the chunkier transactions.
Thomas H. Pike: This is Tom. I'll start on the first one. Yeah, I have to say I'm really pleased with how our business development team and the sales team, and Product Development in particular, and real world performed this quarter. It's not easy to put these sales in a 90-day box. That probably pleases the folks who look at the industry. And the team really did a great job of making sure that we closed the business that was in front of us and it happened to be a little bit lumpier in the end of this quarter. But there is nothing in particular that's pulled forward from future quarters. As we've mentioned in some venues, we actually had quite a strong pipeline this quarter and we converged on it. Now, as we go forward, we continue to see strength in the pipeline in Product Development. So, as we've probably said over the last 10 quarters that the pipeline has been pretty consistently large. And so, we still feel comfortable that this segment continue to perform but we're really pleased with the execution. And I will say, that the work, the type of work that we won ranging across the variety of our services is very attractive work and with very attractive customers. So, I couldn't be more pleased with the Product Development performance associated with the book-to-bill and the overall sales. And then, the second...
Thomas H. Pike: Yeah. Rick, I can't really get into any of that here – I don't know. And I think our expectation associated with the close is fourth quarter, I can get that far. But I don't really want to get too far into the particulars of the synergies or transactions on this call, Ricky, if that's all right..
Thomas H. Pike: Not really. Not for us. I think we – we're still very comfortable associated with that the dynamics of the industry are consistent with what it's been before. We're not discussing issues of backlog burn or timing or any of that. So, we're, I think from our standpoint the general profile of the work looks the same, and as you can imagine with some of these larger trials, we expect that now, of course, they'll have a startup period that takes a while but they'll be very attractive work for us over the longer period of time. I will say that what we probably are seeing is a little bit like the industry. If you look at the industry leaders, they will tell you now that between the relationships they have, the investments they have that they are being – there's an increasing number of products that are actually coming out of the emerging biotech segment as a percentage of the overall products. And we are certainly seeing opportunities grow associated with the biotechs. So, it still represents a relatively small amount of our backlog compared to many of our peers and compared to our history, but it is – but we're definitely seeing a lot of activity associated with the emerging companies and smaller companies.
Thomas H. Pike: Yeah. I think that was – probably I didn't speak properly on it. What it really – we were talking about between quarter one and quarter two. So, there was some dialogue that we had had that we had some signings that we had hoped to be in quarter one. We'd anticipated they'd be in quarter one, but they actually occurred in quarter two. So, from our standpoint, those are sales at this point. Tim, I do want to say, and Kevin may have a comment here, too, that I think that 1.56 book-to-bill, though, really was a strong performance by our team and just represents – you're so pleased when you talk about the strength of your pipeline, and then you deliver against that pipeline. I think Quintiles just has access to opportunities, just an unparalleled opportunity set. And our ability to execute against that with our competitive advantages is tremendous. And so, I couldn't be more pleased with that as we – from that first quarter.
Thomas H. Pike: It's not enough to impact the guidance. So, the guidance change you see really is because of the CSO business, that lumpy CSO business. So, in the Encore business, I think the way I'd put it, Tim, is it's still finding its footing here. It has a number of items in it that can be transactional, and a number of long-term client relationship items, and it's still finding its footing. And so, on a relative basis, though, it's pretty immaterial here in terms of its overall size.
Thomas H. Pike: It was so strong outside of Q2 which contributed very well and had a strong book-to-bill as previously described. I mean it was strong operating performance, though, from core clinical and then related services. So, we're really pleased with that.
Thomas H. Pike: So, we've mentioned a couple of times in prior calls that we have been working very hard to accelerate backlog where we could. And so, our team – I have to say that team who works around core clinical is doing a really good job of managing the details, trying to increase the speed of patient recruiting, and managing of the details of that business over the last several quarters. And so, what I think you saw was just really great performance on that front in terms of us managing and driving performance. Now, you'll see some programs I announced and said in my prepared remarks, our pursuit of an enrollment offering and things. So, what we keep doing is trying to use our prime sites and use new techniques, like the precision enrollment, which actually lets us reduce the amount of time, the administrative time associated with starting up sites in oncology to try to continue to speed things up. But I think in general, what you just saw was a team really managing well.
Thomas H. Pike: Yeah, this is Tom. It's going to take a while I think. Now, the challenge with all this is that the devices have to be validated by the FDA. And they really have to be consistent. And many of the consumer devices – in fact, it's – to be able to prove if they're consistent for – to the level of specificity that we need for this industry and the level of repeatability is a challenge. Interestingly, we're doing some work, including out of our Novella subsidiary. Novella actually does a fair amount of work around medical device. You may recall the acquisition we made. And we're doing some work in helping some of the device companies, and very – we can't talk about it specifically, but device companies that are – that you know, we are helping them try to figure out how to make sure those devices are validated and really can be used in trials. We are experimenting with it though. And if you come to our Solution Design center that I mentioned some time, we can show you a whole series of technologies that we're using that range from in-home hubs to wearable devices that we think over the longer term will impact the industry.
Thomas H. Pike: Interestingly, I think our general view is the product still need to be detailed at this point in time. And what we see in our business, we have a combination of sales reps. And then, at times, the products are more complex and they need more of a nurse educator to potentially participate or a medical science liaison to explain. And so, what we're really seeing is the continued need for explanation, but more sophisticated ways of thinking that detailing. That being said, there's no question that multichannel is a big part of this. And we continue to explore ways to communicate with docs. And it varies a lot around the world. How do you communicate with docs in a way that's efficient, and as they're getting more and more comfortable with mechanisms other than face to face? So, we don't see any particular fall-off. I think a little bit of is the ebb and flow of the current sales reps that people have on board, what they think their pipeline is like, how – whether they have real blockbusters or products that are a little different, the emergence of specialty. So, you have a lot going on there. And what we're trying to do is continue to transition our company to be able to – for instance, we're doing a lot more around specialty in that area. We're doing a lot more and starting to think about how do use the IMS data to guide sales force choices, because of the access that we have. So, it's a lot of interesting activity. But we just haven't had the chunky CSO sales that we've been able to show a lot of quarters since we went public.
Michael R. McDonnell: Yeah. That's fair, Ross. The updated guidance assumes essentially two high-level things, one is that we don't repurchase any more shares and the second is that the June rates, the June foreign currency rates that are in effect as of the end of June, would stay in effect throughout the remainder of the year. So, there's no currency prediction that would be embedded in the guidance. And obviously, if the U.S. dollar continues to be strong, there could be positive impacts, and vice versa.
Michael R. McDonnell: Yeah. I mean, I can touch on that, Derik, and then, Tom or Kevin may want to add. But I think overall that the key point here is that we've increased our earnings per share guidance, at the same time, maintaining Product Development revenue and taking IHS down. So, overall, you've got an updated revenue profile that's actually overall a bit weaker. It's 6% to 7% versus the 7% to 8.5% and yet EPS was coming up and I think that that really reflects our views on our ability to get our margins to the right spot and then, start to expand them in the second half. We talked about the 160 basis points from the bad debt and the reserve that we booked but it's important to note that we also did have increased compensation cost in the mix and then, importantly, investments in our Global Delivery Network that we've been talking about making and those were heavier in the second quarter. And so, as we come through those items then move into the third and fourth quarter, we factored into our guidance and we think, the increase in EPS reflects the fact that we feel confident that we can expand our margins.
Michael R. McDonnell: Yeah, the second part of your question, Jon, I can comment on quickly why we don't get into specifics beyond the segment book-to-bill. What I can say is that the bookings in Q2 in the second quarter were particularly strong.
Michael R. McDonnell: Yes. So, John, I'll tackle the last one first. The royalty acceleration is a one-off item and it does drop straight to the bottom and is not something that would carry through. There's a very small piece of it that will carry through. It's not terribly material. So, the bulk of it is all second quarter. It all drops to the bottom. And really, it's just a longer-term royalty arrangement that we just agreed to take a lump sum and accelerate, a pretty simple transaction. As far as the balance sheet items, a couple of thoughts, one is, on the bad debts, historically, as you know, Quintiles has had very, very low bad debt expense and very limited bad debt experience. And I think what we had in the quarter was really just a few one-off items. And I would describe them as purely transactional and not in any way systemic. It's not something that we are overly concerned about. And we just had a few spots with some smaller customers that we felt it was prudent to take reserves. And we'll obviously continue to pursue collection for work performed. But it was just a few miscellaneous accounts that obviously added up to a much larger number than what we're used to seeing. But I would just reiterate, it's not something that we see as a trend at this point. And then, the reserve, we have lots and lots of costs that we run through, both pass-throughs as well as other contractual costs. And in this particular case, we decided that it was prudent to book a reserve for some costs that we may incur that may not ultimately be reimbursable by customers and something that we may or may not be able to pass-through. So, we took a – what we think is a prudent approach to book a reserve for the costs and not book any corresponding revenue, and obviously, something that we'll monitor going forward. But I can confidently say that both the bad debt expenses, as well as the reserve that we booked, were something that we consider to be isolated.
Michael R. McDonnell: I think that the core level with slight lift has been baked into the guidance going forward. And I think obviously it gets a little judgmental in terms of what you single out. But overall, the margins, if you pull out those one-offs and then those – the comp and the Mumbai, and you kind of normalize it, it's a solid margin that's equal to or better than last year and then ability to expand, as reflected in our guidance, as you said.
Michael R. McDonnell: Yeah, I would say that the Q2 impact to the good is probably a bit more than the advisory impact in the bad, when you net the two out. So, I wouldn't say they quite net the breakeven. But directionally, that's – what you're saying is logical.
Michael R. McDonnell: Yeah, Eric. It's Mike. So, we assume in the guidance that the end of June rates hold constant throughout the rest of the year. And obviously, there's been a lot of strength in the dollar. But we basically assume that wherever we were at the end of June that we hold constant through the remainder of 2016, and we don't try to predict that. And small movements aren't going to create huge impacts. It's really more of the impacts like we saw in 2015, where we had significant movements in the dollar against the other currencies.
Michael R. McDonnell: Great. Well. Yeah. Thank you for joining this morning's call and we look forward to speaking with you soon. And turn it back to Tom to...
Kevin K. Gordon: Sure. I would just – Dave, before getting to your comment, I think maybe go back to Derik's question a moment ago and the reference to the competitive nature. And I think it's important to note when you look at the competitive landscape, there is not a competitive risk position globally that we are from a commercial perspective. So, when we look at the competitive landscape and you reference a larger competitor, I think that might be isolated by region and from the markets that we're participating on and we tend to be the larger, if not the largest player in the market. So, there isn't really any one competitor, I would say, on a global basis that has the breadth and depth that we do from a commercial offering perspective. So, I think that's one important thing to note. Dave, with respect to your question, I think, it's been a competitive market forever, really. So, we compete pretty heavily. I think the discipline in the market still remains strong. I think Tom's prepared remarks really talked about the discussions that we continue to have at very high levels of our customer base around opportunities of lowering costs than variablizing their cost structure. So, I think, those opportunities still remain in front of us. They vary a little bit potentially by region, but certainly, the opportunity we still see in that business to turn it back to a growth business.
Kevin K. Gordon: You are absolutely on the mark, Dave, and in fact, if you look at the Product Development book-to-bill in the quarter, you can assume that the real-world late phase book-to-bill in the quarter was very similar to the Product Development. So, in many senses, some of those bookings track very much in line with the clinical side of the business and that is a very good growth opportunity.
Kevin K. Gordon: Yeah, just to add to Tom's comment, I think it was exactly the right way to explain this. We had the expectation that those would be signed in the second quarter. And they were signed in the second quarter. They have been awarded to us. And as you know, Tim, we don't put anything into backlog that doesn't come with an official award from a customer. So, the strength of that new business and the quality of that new business is very good.
