Nick Childs: Thank you and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. With me today are Ari Bousbib, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Ron Bruehlman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Eric Sherbet, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Mike Fedock, Senior Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis; and Bryan Stengel, Associate Director, Investor Relations. Today, we will be referencing a presentation that will be visible during this call for those of you on our webcast. This presentation will also be available following this call in the events and presentations section of our IQVIA Investor Relations website at ir.iqvia.com. Before we begin, I would like to caution listeners that certain information discussed by management during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results will differ materially from those stated or implied by forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business which are discussed in the company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. In addition, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call, which should be considered a supplement to and not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the press release and conference call presentation. I would now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Ari Bousbib.
Nick Childs: Longer-term growth. Yes, I think -- look, I think that the double-digit growth was a marker that we have achieved and strive to achieve. If you remember at the beginning of the merger, the growth was very low in the single digits. So we think the continued acceleration will continue and certainly got double-digit sort of mark in the longer term is something that we're looking forward to maintain that acceleration.
Nick Childs: Thank you. That's going to be our last question. So thank you for taking the time to join us today. We look forward to speaking again next quarter. Myself and the team will be available for any follow-up questions you might have in the rest of the day. Thanks.
Ron Bruehlman: Yes. Look, we do have a balance of COVID work, obviously. That's going to continue to burn off over the next two years. I think it will be a gradual decline during the course of 2022, but it's going to continue on into 2023. Yes, it's hard to foresee, Jack, how much additional COVID work there might be. We've all been surprised by the ups and downs of the pandemic and so forth. So it's certainly possible there could be more right now. We're facing our projections on what we currently have in the backlog, and we'll see where it goes from there and see what other work might come along.
Ron Bruehlman: Yes. And also I would say, Jack, that we do have the ability in a lot of instances to raise prices to adjust prices. We have some provisions for improvement in our MSA agreements. We also have some short-cycle businesses. So, wherever we have the ability to adjust prices, we are doing so. And we're getting some offset there as well.
Ron Bruehlman: Let's say, if a company spends less than a couple of hundred million, I don't know exactly the number and how we segment it, we have, as you know, tons of analytics and segmentation definitions. But broadly speaking, a company that spends less than a couple of hundred million dollars in a given year in its R&D budget, for us is an EBP, that's just one definition. We've got others also we triangulate, as you can imagine. But that's one definition that I happen to like.
Ron Bruehlman: Eric, it's helpful to give you a partial answer to that and say the last two years, large pharma orders had been -- bookings have been slightly over 50% of our bookings. So that gives you at least to start at what you're looking at anyway.
Ron Bruehlman: No. Look, we don't comment on individual customers and dynamics with individual customers. And as the Roche win is a very big win and the large majority of that is outside of the U.S., I think about 90% or so.
Ron Bruehlman: Yes. The acquisition contribution to the growth was relatively minimal. It was a little over 150 basis points -- we made a couple of acquisitions in the quarter. The largest of which was a payer analytics company in Europe, but nothing terribly large.
Ron Bruehlman: Yes, EBITDA typically doesn't have a big -- an FX typically doesn't have a big impact on our EBITDA. We've had a little bit of negative drag from FX, not like we did with the revenue that we absorbed in our numbers. And we have more offsets on the EBITDA side than we do on the revenue side, so you don't see as much impact there.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Jack, I mean, this is exactly right. And I -- all we can do is look at the situation today. If anything -- if we've learned anything about this pandemic is we just can't predict the evolution. So we do have in our RFP pipeline, especially on the R&DS side, request for proposals to assist in new therapies to address COVID, there are even large top 10 pharmas that we are talking to about potential therapeutics. So I do anticipate there will be some residual amount of COVID work ongoing. But unless things change dramatically based on the picture today, it's just going to gradually taper down -- that's what we have here through 2023 and maybe beginning of 2024. Unless something else happens, which no one here hopes for. But that's what we have. It's all largely based on burning off the world, both commercial and clinical.
Ari Bousbib: -- of our bookings. And the rest, so again, I'd say 35% plus is EBP. And that has been the case -- again, it fluctuates, as you can imagine, these things -- these numbers go up and down. Now if you compare where we are here in terms of the pipe of the RFP, of flow, okay? It still continues to grow double digits in dollars and volume. I mean, it's really, really high, more than double digits. I don't know if we can give you the numbers, but the pipeline is very, very strong. I mean, actually, it's about -- our pipeline is about equal to our backlog as we speak right now, okay? And again, as I said before, COVID is basically gone more or less. It's very, very tiny percentage of the total pipeline here. A lot of it is oncology, which is up more than 20%, the CNS, more than 33% up. Agree, across therapy categories, we are seeing very good EBIT growth in the pipeline. I'm talking now, okay, not the book. I'm talking the pipeline, to your question, what do we see going forward, okay, which would be normally a line indicator of the funding. And we see that EBP in the pipeline actually represents a majority of our pipeline right now. So, again, we don't see any significant changes. Look, I wouldn't -- yes, it's true. For example, January was lower -- the month of January was lower than of EBP funding, but I wouldn't extrapolate from one month and -- or from one quarter for that matter. As you know, generally, the levels of EBP funding are very, very high. I mean, we are -- we must be in the top three years ever in terms of funding. So, okay, maybe that this year will be a little lower than last year, which, again, these were record years. We're talking about orders of magnitude greater in terms of multiples of the funding, if you just go back three, four, five, six years. So, yes, I mean, the step-down in funding would -- doesn't concern, as we continue to see very, very good, both bookings and even higher numbers in the pipeline.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, yes. That's correct. That encompasses what you might call small pharma as well that has commercialized products, in addition to commercial.
Ari Bousbib: I don't know if I can give you these numbers. But you know what, why don't we do this? Why don't we give us on follow-up questions, we'll try to give you a little bit more clarity or range on what's in the backlog. We will try to that. I'll ask the finance team here to -- I'll try to prevail and use my executive privilege to prepare all these guys. But I don't know at this point, you're putting me on the spot here. I don't know exactly what I'm going to give you but I will give you something.
Ari Bousbib: Well, thank you, Eric. Usually, you tell this at the beginning of the question, so I was concerned, but thanks for saying it again.
Ari Bousbib: No. Not at all, not at all. As I said before, just to make myself clear again, the -- largely, the main driver of our margin expansion is simply leveraging the benefit of all the cost actions that we took post merger, okay? You will recall -- go back and look at the numbers; we have significant restructuring amounts every year, which obviously affected our cash flow. And we are now benefiting and leveraging those overhead optimization, outsourcing actions, consolidation of infrastructure, merging of IT systems, et cetera, et cetera. Now in addition to this, part of the reason you see margin expansion actually probably accelerate in 2022 versus 2021 in a quite significant way, I think some of it is what I just said and some of it is a mix benefit. I want to remind everyone that the COVID related work, which was quite significant portion over the past year or two, was at a lower margin than we would otherwise have our base business at, okay? Last of it was government work, whether it's on the commercial side, very small margins or on the R&D side, where we also contributed to the global effort to address the pandemic by pricing our COVID-related clinical trials not at the same level as we would otherwise have for traditional work. And so in terms of mix, as this COVID-related work gradually tapers down and the base business continues to grow as a proportion of the total, then of course, you've got a benefit on the margin side. I might add further that the amount of pass-throughs on COVID-related work was unusually high, vaccine trials and came also earlier on than it would under normal trial timelines. So the combination of lower margin service margins to start with, to us, a higher proportion -- an unusually high proportion of pass-throughs, all of that are contributed to be to an adverse impact, mix impact on our margins. As this work gradually tapers down, then obviously, the mix impact our margins is going to be more favorable. And that's the other reason you see an acceleration of our margin growth.
Ari Bousbib: Well, I mean, I don't know if we disclosed this, but we've got a couple of $100 million business in China. It's been growing double-digits over the last few years. We have a fully owned CRO subsidiary in addition to IQVIA, we have a core IQVIA business, and we've got a fully owned CRO subsidiary that's called Punto [ph], which is designed for local Chinese regulatory requirements and largely caters to the local market, the local biotechs, whilst IQVIA parent deals with the work of multinational sponsors for their piece of the clinical trial in China, when it exists. It's a unique setup, which in combination with our global CRO platform allows us to capture higher growth opportunities with China. Again, we feel good about our capabilities in this market and about our prospects to continue this growth trend. Look, there are local CROs that are emerging that are formidable competitors that are gaining share. There are hundreds literally of outfits in China. As you know, I want -- I don't need to be able to pull, but China is a complex market. There are lots of factors external to our industry that can affect how market dynamics play out. But I'm -- we're not worried, we're not concerned. We are continuing to invest as required. We have a good market position and it's a small piece of our total business.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, 90% of the world -- of the project is outside the US. So I think the other, an independent subsidiary...
Ari Bousbib: Yes, that has its own program. But yes, no -- Roche has reaffirmed their commitment and is looking to accelerate the rollout actually after the successful implementations we had in several regions, plus they've also expressed interest in purchasing other modules. So we're very pleased with our collaboration with this client. But beyond that, we're not going to comment. Yes.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I mean, look at our investor conference, we gave you even '25 targets for our company as a whole. And we said that the company as a whole will grow 10% to 12% annually, which presumably from a $15 billion base. So R&DS has to be growing into double digits in order to achieve that. And so that's kind of where we -- you know we view guidance or so by segment for '25? Do you have those numbers? While the team here is bringing this up. But again, I call your attention -- I bring your attention what we gave as a longer-term growth trend just a couple of months ago in November in New York, when we were all together in-person, and we gave you long-term goals and growth trends and all of which represented a significant acceleration versus what we've had over the '19 to '22...
Ari Bousbib: Yes, strong double digits. Yes. So that's the long-term trend of the business. And again, I point to you that these are large-scale businesses.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Thank you, Shlomo. What I -- we've done this before. We've told you what it's comprised of. And if you look at TAS, I mean, I'd like to look at it in terms of three tiers. You've got the basic core information solutions, which is the old IMS business, essentially the data. And that's about, I'm going to say, 30% of the business, give or take. And that's a flattish growth rate business, okay? No -- and that's strategic. That's the way we do it. We just sell the data with very little price increases. It's a flattish business. Then you've got the moderately growing piece of the business, which is, let's call it, another quarter at this point, maybe a-quarter of the business that's analytics, consulting various services. And that grows double digits now. It's been growing strong double digits in the past two, three years, used to grow mid to high single digits. Now it's growing low to mid-double digits the past few years.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, low teens. Yes. And then you've got the higher growth businesses. And that's the real world and of course, the technology businesses, which will grow good mid-teens. And that's about -- when it was to the balance, was like at 45% of the business today. Obviously, we used to say it's a-third, a-third, a-third. Now, obviously, because real world, the fastest-growing piece of TAS, real world and technology are growing at a much faster rate. So they now represent already 45% of the total. And so, if you do the math, that should get you to high single digits underlying growth for the segment.
Ari Bousbib: I cannot be -- I cannot overemphasize that we are not seeing that translate into our sales pipeline. I mean again, I gave you some numbers earlier in biotech, I'm not giving you the numbers here because I don't know if I should give them to you or not, but the vast -- the majority, a big majority of the RFP dollar pipeline and numbers, volume and dollars is actually EBP. So we are not seeing any impact from potential slowdown of the funding into our pipeline, not at all. And the pipeline is at record high levels. So again, we -- it won't affect us one bit. And by the way, again, I'm not seeing that happening. We talk to EBP all the time.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi. Good morning. Thank you. Yes, Ari, can you talk a little bit about the breakdown of the upper single-digit revenue growth in TAS when you exclude COVID? What's driving the growth there? Is it real world evidence? Is it technology? And I know the information, part of the business doesn't grow much at all. So maybe you can just help us with the composition and what are some of the really big drivers there.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, great. Thank you. And then, maybe just for Ron. How much is the incremental FX headwinds impacting EBITDA and EPS guidance for 2022? You talked about absorbing the $70 million of revenue. If I were to normalize, how much was that impacting the guidance and just maybe give us a little bit of color on that.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: If it’s the EBITDA. Yes. EBITDA, you went up like $10 million on each side and EPS of like $0.05 in each side – is that sort of revenue...
