Ari Bousbib: Yes. Thank you, Shlomo. Well, look, we don't normally speak to cancellations. As you know, we just provide net new bookings. I might point out, by the way, that we [ haven't ] speak to it, but our gross bookings were the highest -- the second highest in our history before cancellations.  Now, the reason we highlighted this cancellation is because, look, a typical cancellation is normally in the $15 million, $20 million kind of range. And this one is very, very large. It's almost -- it's about $0.25 billion, okay? So we have done that in the past whenever we've had an unusual cancellation. This one has been in the news. I think everyone knows what we are talking about. And we wanted to reassure everyone that the underlying business continues to be very strong.  With respect to absorbing it, yes. I mean, look, we are a large company. We are, at any given point in time, working on around 2,500 clinical trials. These are staggered and staged through the year, and revenue flows over several years for each one of those trials. So we are large enough, global enough that we can absorb even such a large cancellation. No change to the guidance. And as Ron pointed out and you reminded us in your question, the adjustment is entirely due to FX. 
Ari Bousbib: Again, I wouldn't read a lot in the variation quarter-to-quarter. Just as an example, the RFP flow last year was flat versus the [ '22 ] number. So we think this is very good. It's consistent with our expectations. The large segment, the large pharma was up more in the high single digits in terms of RFP flow. EBP was a little bit higher than that at kind of mid-single growth, depends on the therapies. We had a lot of bookings, infectious diseases and internal medicine, which drove a lot of the growth there.  The [ awards ] grew well into the teens. So we often look at awards. We report contracted bookings. As you know, some of our peers report awards, which is at an earlier stage in the in the process. And maybe just to reassure you that we haven't come down from what we said at the last quarter as a leading indicator, if you will, awards were up in the double digits and that was driven by large full-service trials, strong EBP as well.  We look at the qualified pipeline, and the qualified pipeline is up double digits, actually very strong double digits. And it's up again at a record high. So nothing here that has changed versus our expectations. 
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Well, I mean, I wouldn't talk about upside here so far. And then the macro is not really stabilizing, unless you call stabilizing [ the fact ] that we now know there won't be a rate cut anytime soon.  So look, the TAS business is exactly performing exactly as we expected it, same type of performance that we telegraphed in our prior guidance, same growth rate that we anticipated when you exclude COVID and the currency impact. And we continue to see -- again, based on our pipeline, based on budgets [ firming ] up, based on the conversation with clients; continue to expect upside towards the back of the year, second half of the year and more in the back of the year.  Large pharma companies, as you know, have introduced significant cost reduction programs. And that has driven a lot more cautiousness and scrutiny in the budgets than in prior years. And we've discussed, this is driven by the overall macro environment, maybe some concerns related to IRA long term and preservation of margins.  As you know, our client base generally is doing fairly well and is reporting very good numbers. So we think that also is an encouraging sign. And usually, our clients have more propensity to spend when they -- when they are out, we are out. And we see that they are doing well. So all of those signs are encouraging.  I could give you a little bit of color on the business in TAS, just for a perspective. The data business continues to perform exactly as expected. No surprises, they are flattish to up the low single digits.  The real-world business, which we signaled in the prior quarter earnings call, was slowing down, has actually gone from being a very strong double-digit growth performer to mid-single digits to then negative growth in the fourth quarter, has rebounded somewhat and is now flattish. So we see that we think that we bottom out there.  And the tech business continues to perform as expected, good and strong. And the analytics and consulting business, which is our shortest cycle business, ebbs and flows in the quarter. It had started to do a little better last quarter. This quarter, it went backwards, and that's why we didn't perform even better than our expectations in TAS.  So all in all, real-world doing better than we thought. And analytics and consulting doing a little less than we thought, but that's kind of to be expected. It has more variability by definition. And we still have a strong pipeline there. So we think that, that will continue to improve quarter-over-quarter. And that's what gives us confidence that the back end of the year on TAS, we will be good. Again, upside, I don't know. I can't promise that. 
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I mean, look as a percentage of our total R&DS revenue, [ FSP ] comprised about 15%. So now, if you -- that's in totality. If you look only at the services portion of the business, meaning excluding pass-throughs, which, as you know in FSP, there typically is no pass-throughs; so that percentage is a little higher and continues, it's a little less somewhere between 20% and 25%, I would say. And it continues to grow a point or 2 every year.  So of course, it has an impact on margins because FSP margins -- FSP [ contracts ] come at lower margins. But again, we are a large global company, and that just puts more pressure on us to continue to operate with more efficiency, find new areas of productivity, contain costs and offset those margins, those mix -- those unfavorable mix impacts on margins with cost reductions, and we continue to work well on our usual playbook, which is to grow our EBITDA faster than our revenue and consequently increase margins. 
Ari Bousbib: Thank you. Well, look, as you know, we've carved out a nice position in the global CRM market for Life Sciences, we came from behind much later in the game. I guess we entered the market more than 10 years after the large dominant incumbent in this market. And today, we have a footprint of over 400 clients and about 100,000 seats in the business, which is quite impressive in a few short years.  Now what happened here is that a dominant competitor has announced a re-platforming of their product from Salesforce to their own in-house platform. Now OCE is based on a Salesforce platform. It's the result of a strategic partnership that has been in the market for over 5 years. And we and Salesforce want to ensure that we continue to have the best product in the market. And we've agreed that it is time to develop the next-generation product.  We also agreed that it should be based on Salesforce's new Life Science Cloud, which is much more advanced. And as it will be based on the current OCE application to be re-platformed. Now it takes time to do that. It makes sense for Salesforce to take the lead in developing this next-generation application, and it will be based on IQVIA [ IP ].  Our existing customers understand all of that. They will continue to be supported for at least the next 5 years, and they are very happy. I can even say yesterday, we won a very significant award on OCE with a large, well-known client, pharma client, and we actually displaced the large dominant player in the space, which have been the incumbent for a long time.  So our clients are reacting very favorably. They understand the need for the next-generation transition, and we are going to shepherd that process together with Salesforce. When the product is ready the next 2 years or so, we will go to market jointly with Salesforce with this new product platform, and we will help transition customers who wish to do so when they are ready to do so. Strong and positive reaction from the customer base. 
Ari Bousbib: I hate to be boring. I had zero surprises this quarter. I mean, for lack of better words, I think this was a boring quarter. It was exact -- it came in exactly as we thought. Look, the nature of business is pretty predictable. The large cancellation was kind of -- it's based on -- really on the results and on the assessment of the environment by the clients. It's always been very well reported.  And so it usually takes time to unwind the study. And so we knew it was coming. So those -- we know the exact timing when all of this would be finalized, but [ it was ] in the quarter.  But other than that, frankly, no surprises [ up at the helm ]. Everything came in pretty much on expectations. There always are moving parts, but this was one of the most boring quarters I've seen, nothing -- no drop. That's the way we like it, by the way.  In terms of your FSP question, it ebbs and flows. I remember my first contacts with this business now almost 8 years ago, I was told FSP is going to be replacing full service, clients are shifting to FSP. And indeed, there was, very similar to today, an effort by some of the large pharma companies, many of them, to bring project management in-house and to essentially shift to these types of models. So I think it's a pendulum. It swings back and forth.  In a highly specialized studies, it's very hard for a client not to do full service because they don't always have all the competencies in-house. Again, I think we're seeing similar trends as we saw 8 years ago. What we're seeing also might be -- to add a little bit more to this, we're seeing a trend towards what we call hybrid models, where the client starts out with one thing, an FSP program. And as we progress in defining the parameters of the study, we end up taking on more of the tasks.  And it's kind of in between full service. And it's not fully outsourced. But in that, they [ aren't ]100% FSP either. They're parts of the program that we continue to manage. So it's really more integration with the client, and it becomes more of a closer partnership.  So I don't see this as a long-term permanent trend to the point where, theoretically, it will become 100% FSP. I don't see that happening. Plus remember, FSP is virtually nonexistent for EBP or midsized pharma. 
Ari Bousbib: Yes, so our backlog is over $30 billion, and about like somewhere worth $4 billion -- $4.5 billion of that is FSP. So you see the vast majority of the revenue we're going to deliver over the next 4 or 5 years is going to continue to be full-service programs, and it's not about to influence one way or the other.  It's a slow-moving business. It takes a lot to move the needle one way or the other. We've been continuously on an upward momentum, and that's the way we like it. So no, I don't see that happening. And then certainly the same similar type of commentary on your question about affecting the second half, it is just too short horizon to have an impact. These swings will have an impact [ 4 ] years from now. 
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Well, I mean that's a clever thought here why it was 2 [ material ] studies, but it happens to be not the case over here. But -- I see what you're thinking about, but that's not the case here. These are 2 different -- it's addressing 2 different diseases with different -- I think it's different molecules. Again, we can give you in post call some more color on this, but I don't think it's because of the IRA.  Look, what is true is that clients are, with respect to the IRA, trying to accelerate timelines because one of the possible impacts of the IRA is that it will reduce the period of time during which protection will apply -- intellectual property protection will apply.  And as a result, you want to maximize the revenues then, that, if anything -- and again, that's probably the context for your question, if anything, that kind of induce clients to launch several programs simultaneously. So in this particular case, we're replacing an incumbent, and I think one of them is a rescue study, if I am correct. So that's the context there. 
Ari Bousbib: Okay. The three questions are totally independent. So first on pricing. Look, there's no change in pricing here. There continues to be pressure from clients, and price negotiations are always tough. We mentioned before that we're having maybe more pressure than we had before on pricing from large pharma clients as they're working on their savings initiatives, but it's not that different than history, maybe a little more than usual.  But I think nothing -- with respect to competitors, I can't speak to what they do, I just have no idea, I don't want to know. But look, comes to reason that smaller competitors which have failed largely and have led to them being acquired, are struggling to book business and as a result, could put pressure on pricing. But nothing there that I can signal that's unusual versus what we spoke about in the past.  Your second question was on cancellation. We spoke before, we address that. No, look, it's a very large cancellation. And yes, it has an impact on revenues over the next few years, including in this year. But we said earlier that we are a large company, and we are absorbing it in our guidance. It's fine.  So yes, if you will, it would have been better if we hadn't -- if the program hasn't canceled. But it's okay, we're not changing the guidance for that. Our only guidance adjustment, again, is 100% related to foreign currency.  With respect to your third question on AI, look, AI has -- not saying anything shocking here, AI has a massive amount of opportunity, in general, and I would say, perhaps more limited than people think in health care because data, the ingredients, if you will, are not readily available publicly.  You can search for medical literature for diagnostics, you could look for jurisprudence for legal opinions. But frankly, to identify patients that are best suited for trials, sites that need to be identified for maximum effectiveness and fastest enrollment, that's really, really tough to get information. And if you ask those questions to a chatbot, you are not going to get the answers.  However, once you are within our environment, then that's a lot more possible. And so if you think about it, the entire premise of what we set out to do when we merged Quintiles and IMS 8 years ago, was precisely to leverage massive amounts of data and analytics and technology to accelerate clinical development timelines, particularly applicable to oncology, rare disease and difficult-to-enroll patients.  With the [ advance ] of AI, that set of initiatives becomes even easier. And we've been at it for a while, this is not new to us. But some of the new tools, as you can imagine, are put to good use within our environment, and some of the wins we've had are the direct results of those capabilities. 
Ari Bousbib: Look, I wish I had a crystal ball here, and I've been wrong before on predicting a comeback, if you will, of the TAS business. So I'll be cautious in my commentary.  You're right to point to the approvals. I mean, the number of approvals, as you know, in last year, I think there were 55 approvals last year. And that's -- that was I think a record year. It was certainly a very high level, almost 50% more than the prior year and the highest level since, I think, must be '17 or '18.  Now the new launches and the spend associated with these new launches usually is up significantly for the 5 years that follow these approvals. So we do expect the TAS business to be strong. The wild card is when those launches occur, what clients decide to do. The -- about 50% of the new [ launch ] spend usually occurs within the first 2 years. So again, it happens over the following 5 years and usually the first 2 years.  I mean, yes, quarter-to-quarter, it was only 10 this quarter. But we think in general, just with the approvals of last year, we should see a rebound coming in. And that's one of the reasons we are somewhat confident that the TAS business will be rebounding more strongly, and the real uptick will come next year. But we see -- given that it has bottomed out here, and we think it has reached the bottom, and we anticipate an improvement in the balance of the year.  The pipeline is higher than it has ever been, frankly. And we scrub this pipeline continuously, we continue to see improvement in customer sentiment. In Q1, the tone is better, there are more opportunities that have surfaced. This increased optimism for the outlook in '24.  What happened in the second half of last year in conversations with clients is the budgets became -- we are aware of what clients can spend because they [indiscernible] budget, but the budget got trimmed sometime towards the end of the year, and there was quite a bit of [ uncertainty ] as people were negotiating internally.  We feel there is more clarity now on budgets, and that helps a lot with confidence for awards in the balance of the year. Also decisions, we measure decision timeline, and that -- those timelines have started to come down and get reduced, which is a favorable sign. 
