Andrew Markwick: Thank you, my lad, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. With me today are Ari Bousbib, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Michael McDonnell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Nick Childs, Senior Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis; and we're also joined by General Counsel, Eric Sherbet. Today, we will be referencing a presentation that will be visible during this call for those of you on our webcast. This presentation will also be available following this call on the Events & Presentations section of our IQVIA Investor Relations website at ir.iqvia.com. Before we begin, I would like to caution listeners that certain information discussed by management during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with the company's business, including the impact of the changes to the revenue recognition accounting standards, which are discussed in the company's filings with the Security and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings.  In addition, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call, which should be considered a supplement to, and not a substitute for, financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP measures are included in the press release and conference call presentation.  Now you will have seen in our press release that we renamed 2 of our reporting segments. These changes were made to provide more clarity and better describe the offerings within these segments. Commercial Solutions has been changed to Technology & Analytics Solutions, and Integrated Engagement Services has been changed to Contract Sales & Medical Solutions. These are name changes only. Nothing has changed with respect to the composition of any of our segments.  I would now turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Ari Bousbib.
Andrew Markwick: I think, yes, let's take one more question -- and then -- as we're coming up on the top of the hour, we'll end it after one more.
Andrew Markwick: Yes, we're at the top of the hour, then, so I think we'll end the call. Thank you for taking the time to join us again today. And we look forward to speaking again with everyone on our Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. And we'll be available for the rest of day for any follow-up questions you might have. Thank you.
Ari Bousbib: Ricky, thanks for your question. No. Look, we're still predicting the same uptick in revenue growth that we've been talking to you about since the time of the merger. We simply feel a lot better, and I think it gives us a lot more comfort that this, certainly, this inflection can be achieved then. Again, we are seeing a little bit faster, little bit -- again, I don't want to inflate the narrative here, but little bit faster revenue burn, a little bit. And so could we do a little bit earlier? Again, the middle of '19 is not that far, it's less than a year away. So thank you.
Ari Bousbib: Thanks, Eric. Yes, the market share, by some accounts, is even greater than 60%, maybe inching to 80%. But certainly if you look at large pharma. And so for us, the win here that I talked about, we are -- hopefully, we'll be able to talk more about it and say who it is shortly. But I think it's most impressive because it's a top 5 pharma and a global rollout. But the duration of the contracts, typically, it's at 3 years to 5 years. But what happens is there's a significant implementation phase that could be a year or more as we roll out the technology over many countries. And it could be 100 countries sometimes, and therefore, it takes time to roll out. It's a significant investment on the part of the sponsor or the client and on the part of the provider. And therefore, the switching costs can be very high. So sometimes, the value proposition has to be really, really compelling to switch. And it is why we are extremely pleased here.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, it's actually a good, fair approach. But if I can just frame that for you. Our long-stated goal here is to grow our technology business. We are a technology company in aggregate. We actually have more revenue and more products than some of those highly valued technology companies out there. We have, in our Technology & Analytics business, a large, but -- $1.5 billion or so in revenue data business, which is highly attractive and underlies what we do, but it's a 0 growth business. And so that's why our mid-single-digit revenue growth has been, quarter in, quarter out, the pattern of growth for that business in aggregate. The technology business obviously grows double digits. We are making those investments, and we anticipate that, that mid-single-digit trajectory will inch up as technology gets rolled up. But you are correct, it's not for the next year.
Ari Bousbib: Thank you, Erin. Look, personally, as a matter of principle, I just don't like this concept of preferred partnerships, just to answer part of your question. The reason why sponsors went to preferred partnership and established this sort of, forgive me, Erin, here, but oligopoly of sorts, where you've got half a dozen or 10 CROs competing for a finite amount of work at large pharma. And essentially, because it was a procurement gain with very little differentiation, and because it's so complex to go through an RFP, you can't just waste time dealing with 8, 9 or 10 CROs every time you have a trial. And so you need to kind of preselect the 2 or 3 ones that you are going to do business with most likely. So therefore, the model evolved towards this preferred. I want us to win every single time, whether we preferred or not preferred, on the back of very superior capabilities, which we believe next generation of clinical development offers. So that's with respect to preferred. Now having said that, I can't really speak or disclose some, but there are, and you're probably aware of this, you guys all track this industry very well. There are, as we speak, a number of processes with many large pharma companies that are reviewing the status of their preferred partnership. And I can tell you that we are in the running to substitute prior preferred partners. Again, it doesn't move the needle for us. We are winning, by the way, at -- with next-generation offering at clients that have other people as preferred partners. So it just happens to be a higher hurdle for us, though we are also winning there in some instances. With respect to the first part of your question, our experienced decision rate, and we track that very clearly, it's about -- the decision rate, the positive decision rate for us is in the 40s, in the 40s percent for regular win rate. Or maybe the win rate is usually that 1/3, if you will. And for next generation, it's probably double that, right? It's in the 60s.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Thank you, Erin. That's actually a fundamental, strategic question because the -- our clients, when they are looking at whether to put a molecule through a trial, obviously, there's a lot that comes into play. But the economics of the drug, once approved, are a major factor, and the expected pricing as well. I gave the example of the big win for this in our real-world business for our -- that single-arm model that we are building with predictive analytics. The point here is to try to anticipate the pricing based on the demonstrability of the effectiveness of the drug and using advanced, enriched patient-level data. So the point here is that the clients are asking themselves very sophisticated questions. And we believe that we have unique capabilities to bring to bear, and it's proving itself out in the marketplace, in order to demonstrate and help clients support the pricing that they want to achieve to make the drug reasonable and meaningful to develop. So you're right, but the question is more on the strategic level. I don't think there are -- the question is a strategic level, and it's molecule by molecule, it's drug by drug. Of course, the question comes up also for drugs in the market, that would constitute the bread-and-butter and the main growth engine of our real-world business. Thank you, Erin.
Ari Bousbib: It's a great question. If you recall, when -- at the time of the merger, we kind of took a step back and looked at the strategy of the legacy Quintiles organization and concluded that we needed to be the leader in the marketplace across the board. We couldn't just pick and choose who we wanted to work with, under what terms, with what margins, what type of products, et cetera, et cetera. We said at the time, we want to address 100% of the market, admittedly, with different types of offerings and a more segmented approach to the market. And that meant that we needed to go after the EBP segment a lot more aggressively. We realized that, that was the engine of growth, and that is proving itself out. We continue to see extremely good bookings traction. I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we are seeing 60% growth in this quarter in terms of EBP bookings. We're doing work with a lot of clients we've never even heard of in the past within the clinical development organization. And by the way, these sometimes are large trials. Just because they are small companies, they're, as you know, are becoming extremely well funded. In fact, I might say, the next generation of clinical development offering is also very appealing. I think about 60% of our next-gen awards in the second quarter were with EBP clients. And so that's for EBP. With respect to FSP, you are correct as well. The company as a whole had walked away, literally, from resourcing work. And we -- again, we said, that is not possible because, again, you cannot pick and choose. The very same client can decide to have both a full-service clinical trial with core clinical and all the capabilities and all the bells and whistles for a particular trial, and at the same time, in parallel, do a resourcing type of outsourcing deal. And the client wants to do both. And at some point in time, they might go from one to the other. And so to just say, "Well, no, I will do this, but I won't do that," that's just not the kind of relationships that we want to have with our clients as partners, long-term partners. And therefore, we've changed our approach. And we've seen a healthy uptick in the amount of FSP work as well. And again, that comes with different constraints and different requirements. It's lower margin. It's, as you know, for the most part, does not have pass-through with it. So it has an impact. In fact, if I might point you to the fact that because our book-to-bill ratio in the quarter is greater on a 606 basis than on a 605 basis, you can derive from that, that the bookings "quality" is actually very good in the quarter, meaning we've got a lot of full-service work here. We also have a lot of FSP, but we have a lot more full-service work. So again, it's a mix. You can't just say the world is going FSP or the world is going -- we've got both, and we've got to play on both fronts. Thank you.
Ari Bousbib: George, thanks for the question. We'd love to get price premium on next generation, and we believe we deserve a price premium. However, I can assure you, there is 0, 0, pricing here. And if anything, there is, perhaps, a negative which is what one would have expected. And the reason for that is we are, again, still in the initial stages of deploying these capabilities with our clients. And as always, it's highly competitive. We are going deliberately after clients that have preferred partnerships with others. We want to demonstrate that we can do that. And the hurdle is higher because our -- it's still a highly competitive market, and people won't hesitate to drop and do work at very little margin in order not to be displaced because being displaced is a big deal. Switching costs are very high. Relationships are very established. So far, we're not even trying, by the way. Right now, we're just deploying the capabilities. And over time, what we want to do is, as we said many times, is transition the model, where we want to make this a more expensive proposition for the clients, on the contrary, because they'll have more predictable timelines, faster patient enrollment, faster approvals. As a result, they will get the product in the marketplace faster, and the value from that is tremendously higher than any cost savings they will get from a little discount on the pricing. And we might then move to a model that, so far, is essentially cost-plus to a model that has more elements of fixed pricing, which, in turn, allows us to work on our cost structure and deliver better quality at a lower cost.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, I might add, we continue to make investments in our business. And that obviously -- and we continue, of course, to take cost out. So there is an offset. Again, up until the end of 2019 we anticipate continuing to make those investments. That has been the message we've communicated to you. So if we stopped investing in next-generation capabilities and in the OCE stuff, then yes, margin would be much higher, the drop-through would be higher, and it would be, hopefully, after that. But we are investing for growth. By the way, when we win a CRM -- I'm sorry, an OCE technology contract, there is a little bit of headwind to our margin in the first phases because the first phase is implementation. That carries basically no margin. We spend a lot of money and it's more labor-intensive as we work with the client to sometimes take out the existing CRM and put our stuff in. And obviously, we don't want to make this a burden for the clients, so that's really no margin generally or very little margin and before we can get into the much more attractive SaaS margin in the long term. So again, the deployments and the wins do come with a little bit of headwind in our mix.
Ari Bousbib: The short answer is no. None. We were -- obviously, the FDA is a very important and critical constituency for us. We have extremely good relationships with the FDA. And by the way, I might add, many, many other government agencies that use our services or data or analytics. We have ongoing interaction with the FDA, continue to support their work. Obviously, we regret there was an error in that kilogram conversion metric for the exact amount of active ingredient in one of the national market research audits in the U.S. for fentanyl patches. And again, that was corrected. We're continuing to work with the FDA to address their needs, and obviously, to improve our communication. This issue had 0 impact with any of our clients. And if I might add, that metric at issue, which, by the way, I don't think I know of any other service provider in the U.S. that has the capabilities, and even remotely, to furnish that type of analytics to the FDA or anyone else. And it's used by 1.7% of clients in that particular service, which brings it down to 0-point-something percent of our clients worldwide. So again, we do not expect this to have any impact whatsoever on our business or financial results.
Ari Bousbib: Well, obviously, cybersecurity and the risk of hacking and all that stuff, that's -- it's a concern. And if you -- people ask me, "What keeps you up at night?" I'd say that's it. We do everything we can, and we have all kinds of measures, as you can imagine. But it is a risk that we manage and control, and we have a lot of redundancies and we are a global company. And we've been at this for a long time, as you can imagine. But yes, that's an area of big investments that you can't see and we don't talk about. But obviously, it's a part of our infrastructure. We are, as we've said in other meetings and interaction with you, a significant technology company.
Ari Bousbib: Okay, thanks. I mean, the 150 number includes large pharma as well. Now there aren't that many large pharma companies out there to begin with, but it does include large pharma as well. Although the bulk, you are correct, are small EBP or midsize. What are we doing differently? We've been talking about this change, the go-to-market model, leverage the historical IMS distributed presence around the world, so relationships at the local level. It is a large number of midsized pharma companies in Italy, in Hungary and in Asia with the legacy IMS organization, extremely good relationships, C-Suite relationships. We've got -- the people funding those biotechs are essentially go-to-market model that has been changed. As you know, we've mentioned that we've invested a lot in developing and training and recruiting a sales force that was more proactive, the way we go-to-market. And again, our capabilities, which we believe are second to none in this space, with the combination of analytics and technology that heretofore haven't been big part. I mean, everyone was talking about technology, but the type of technology that were brought to bear in clinical trial is, frankly, antiquated and obsolete and essentially kind of put on a computer page, was on paper, essentially. And then we're trying to change that model and really increase the power of what we do with more precision, more focus on efficiency, on process optimization. Again, whether it is the leveraging of analytics and technology in our next generation of clinical development, whether it is the development of mobile apps for our CRAs, whether it is the e-consent tools, all of that in combination when you present that to a client, and they are open to considering it, and they can see the benefits to their business. It takes time. It takes a lot of people, even internally, we had to get ourselves to that level, okay? There's still people here that want to do business the way it was done. And so change, it takes time. And we are all very sorry that it is taking time. I would like it to be overnight, but we are very pleased that here we are, a little bit over 1.5 years after the merger, and we are beginning to see the green shoots that we've been talking about and expecting.  So thank you all for your good questions. And I'll turn it to Andrew for concluding remarks.
