Ari Bousbib: Well, I mean, operationally, obviously, you know that one of -- the single most important challenge we and actually the entire industry has is the ability to deploy people, again, the strong book of business that we've all generated. And so this is a great development because what DCT does is it kind of increased productivity, reduces labor and enables us to essentially execute more efficiently. So I think operationally, we are just adapting to this. Now again, the full productivity only comes when the trial is fully decentralized trial that I explained because there's a lot of confusion in this space. As soon as someone uses a digital platform, they say, well, we've had a [Indiscernible] DCT award here, but that's not the case. Now if we do that, as I mentioned, about 30% of our full clinical trials, which is just -- probably we have a little bit under 1,000 trials that are full-service clinical trials ongoing. So it's a larger number that already utilize one or several of our DCT modules, eConsent or eCOA or other connected devices. Our clients are experimenting with smaller trials and trying the full DCT platform, which puts together all of the capabilities and the maximum utilization of the digital tools that we have at our disposal. I think hands down, I believe we are leader in this space.
Ari Bousbib: I mean, there's no question about it. It's not a secret. This is true across industry sectors and in our sector, in particular, since we have such a strong industry backdrop. There's a lot of competition for talent. We have all of the peers in the CRO space are hunting ground for talent. So obviously, we are responding. We are actively recruiting and hiring to meet this demand. We recruit dozens of employees every year. So we've got whole talent acquisition capability that's global and that's active, or does it create cost pressure? Yes. And it's already included in our guidance, that certainly a headwind. But as you well know, by now, hopefully, you know that when you look at our overall results, you see that there has been margin expansion despite these cost headwinds. In fact, even when you see in this past, in this Q3 results, that our operating margins are flat to slightly declining. When you actually take out the pass-throughs, you actually see that our margin -- the operating margins expanded quite nicely and this is despite the cost headwinds that we have. So yes, it is a headwind, and we are dealing with it and offsetting with the usual productivity and efficiency programs that I hope we've been demonstrating we're good at.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, 1.5 points of contribution to our revenue growth. Now yes, we had a big spend this year. It's going to be lumpy. We always see acquisitions is binary. It happens or it doesn't happen. I will note that we didn't spend very much last year. I think in the entire year, we spent $177 million. And there are quarters where we spent $10 million or $50 million. And this quarter and this year, actually, we spent quite a bit more money. As you know, the largest acquisitions we've done is simply the consolidation of our joint venture request in the lab business, and that was a $760 million transaction we did in the second quarter. So that represents really a very large portion, almost half of the spend to date. In the quarter, we were very active. We were -- we actually closed only a handful of transactions. The 2 largest accounts for the vast majority, let's say, almost 90% in sales, something like that ,80% to 90% of the spend. It's 2 transactions only. One is the Myriad RBM Lab, which we had announced during our second quarter earnings and it actually closed in the third quarter. It's a lab that performs sophisticated biomarker detection and testing. It supports early- and late-stage drug development in very specific therapeutic areas, oncology, CNS and immunology. We also purchased DMD. DMD is a leading provider of analytics and digital marketing solutions to health care professionals. It brings advanced tech-enabled analytics and insights for intelligent omnichannel marketing, and we consider that acquisition to be a strategic asset. And yes, it did come with a lot of -- it costs quite a bit. So these 2 transactions, again, is basically the bulk of the spend.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Again, there's no headwinds in the fourth quarter for TAS. The growth rate is slower simply because it's a mass question. We're comparing last year's fourth quarter, which was -- which included the COVID work and a bunch of noise with the fourth quarter here, which eliminates that noise. Again, when you eliminate all of that, the underlying organic growth rate for TAS is in high single digits in the fourth quarter. So there is no headwind in the underlying business, and we expect that trend and momentum to continue. We will, as you know, provide -- we generally provide guidance on the year concurrent with the release of our fourth quarter earnings. Last year, because it was such an unusual year, we decided to give guidance for 2021 concurrent with the release of our third quarter earnings. And this year, we plan to do it at our November investor conference, which is just 3 weeks away.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. So I mean, look, it's always important to put things in context and look at the longer-term trends as you're asking. And if you go back to June '19, we gave a 3-year set of targets for revenue, profit, EPS, capital deployment leverage, et cetera. Now no one could have predicted then that 6 months later, we would be starting the pandemic, and we would have such disruption across the world for all businesses and including for ours. But when you -- and I think people like to look at '19 to '21 to kind of try to eliminate COVID. I don't think that's fair because the whole COVID effect is not gone yet because of that. And a little bit of this is because of COVID and the pass-throughs that you just referred to. But even if you strip that out, we're still ahead on every single one of the metrics. Now I don't know if you had that conference, but as you're doing now and as your colleagues are doing, trying to push me for even more precision on what the numbers would be, I said then that I was hoping to exit 2022 at a 10% growth rate for the company. Now I've said before, earlier this year, that we reached our end of '22 targets in '21. And I believe that, that momentum will continue into '22. So that's all I can say, and I have to wait for more precision to 3 weeks. But I totally sitting here feel very, very confident that we will certainly exceed those numbers that we gave you years ago and set the stage for further acceleration beyond.
Ari Bousbib: I mean, you bring up a report, implementations are very costly. And because we have the large annual wins, and I referenced an additional 10 new wins. So every time a new award, again, you have to implement. So it's not like when you are behind the curve of implementation and start generating the license revenue, you still have to implement the new one that you sold and we're happy we did. So we not pass that headwind, if you will, in terms of the implementation costs. That's a significant drag, and we've not seen yet we haven't passed, if you will, that inflection point where you're now essentially plateaued your market penetration and you're essentially sitting tight and collecting license revenue for Moody's installations. We're not there in aggregate.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I mean if I just might add to that, we're very pleased with the performance, but let's be honest. This was a bad a bad point for us. And I think some of you had pulled that out in the past 3 years or so, our cash flow performance was simply very poor. So the fact that we are now performing very well is not an unusual thing. I mean I think not too long ago, in 2018, we generated just barely over $600 million of free cash flow for the entire year. And here we are, 3 quarters into the year, we've already generated 3x that number. Obviously, we are a much bigger company and so on. But look, the outperformance was just not good. and we said that and was on us, and we work on it, and we will continue to pay attention and have the right metrics and the right incentives and the team focused on it. And as always, when you shine the light on something, it improves. And that's what will happen here. And where we are now is the normal, not unusual.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I mean, look, there's a high degree of interest from clients, okay, around how to operational DCT, and it's not like it's going to overwhelm and all of sudden become 100% overnight. As I said, large pharma, in particular, is experimenting. A lot of trials are using one composite or the other. So it's going to take time. So this is not next year or the year after that we're going to have to face the issue that you're raising. Our experience, customers are striving with how to make various point solutions fit together. So we are actually very -- being very aggressive here. We want to move to DCT. We've said this since the merger got 5 years ago, we want to accelerate and not slow down technology introduction and changing the model. Now obviously, your question you asked is a question what I asked of us many years ago, which is as you seek to replace labor in a model that where pricing is largely based on labor inputs, then aren't you lowering the value of the trial and the -- and et cetera, what are implications on the margin. So we don't believe so. We have -- as you know, we've had a long run effort to switch pricing to value and deliverables and outputs. That's number one, and that has made substantial progress. Our clients are not really looking at saving a couple of pennies here or there. They're looking at getting what they need -- the answers that they want faster, more efficiently with less error and with higher quality. And they are willing to pay a premium for that. Now they're not going to pay more than what they were paying before, but they're not going to pay less than what they're paying before. And so now the margin implication is correct. Over time, the more we deploy technology, the less we need people, the more there's going to be margin accretion. But again, this is going to take time. There are also new delivery roles, which offset some of the reduced CRA visit activity. So I think it's too early to comment on the exact margin impact for this overall. We are monitoring -- we do not anticipate this to disrupt our margin performance. R&DS is a very long-cycle business. We have -- I mentioned 89 fully decentralized trial ongoing that we won. But we're working on -- if you look at, as I said, just under maybe 900 to also full-service trials. So it's a fraction of that. If you look at the total trials we're involved with, this over 2,500 clinical trials that we're involved in globally. So it does take some time to penetrate. It's a slow-moving business. But it's a good point. We are totally focused on it. We do not anticipate a margin -- I'm sorry, a value deterioration. We do anticipate a margin accretion over the long term.
Ari Bousbib: On the R&DS business, absolutely. No question. What you said is exactly what I would say. It's a soft landing '22, '23, and it -- frankly, we get lost in the rounding, by the time we get to '23. Unless, of course, it's not complete. There is another variant or another COVID. But right now, as we see based on what we know today, it's a soft landing, we get lost in the rounding by '23.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I mean the numbers that -- I got the numbers here in detail, but basically, we're over between -- it's 80% or so across all of those metrics. A little bit higher for site start-up, which is more -- again, as a percentage of 2019 base levels, okay? So site startup is a little higher, is that more 85% or thereabouts globally. The bottom line is these metrics that we see provide confidence that the non-COVID trial pipeline is not only being awarded, as you can see from the strong bookings, but it's also starting to be delivered. And the sites are enrolling, the patients are enrolling and the patient visits are ongoing. So I think there hasn't been any major change from this as a result of the new variant or anything like that.
Ari Bousbib: Look, it's hard to look at market share in a given quarter. Okay? It's lumpy trial, it can be awarded the quarter or the first or the following. I wouldn't look at -- we like -- as we always say, look, we've -- we were defeated and gave you quarterly book-to-bill ratios. But really, we don't -- we believe we should focus on longer-term book-to-bill ratios because it's lumpy and focus also on business from the backlog over the next 12 months. Now if you look at our competitors, there's been a lot of disruption. And yes, I mean, we've had conversations with customers, but just as we do to win a new customer overnight, you don't throw out a CRO overnight or in the middle of trials, right? So some of those mergers will have an impact on market share. I think it's favorable to us. Maybe we remain the last CRO standing, I don't know. But we feel that -- and we know from experience what a merger and a large acquisition does to the underlying business. There's all of disruptions, there's -- people lose their jobs, people who don't like the new arrangement, and that's just life. And the result of that is some market share. We had that problem after our merger in '16. Let's be honest about it, then we have some market share issues which we rebounded once we put together the company and integrated. I think we are -- the future is very bright for us. We continue to gain new customers. And the biotech environment in particular, is extremely, extremely hot right now. We are gaining new clients. In Europe, we're making inbounds with the customers we never had before. In Asia as well, and the teams are extremely energized and I think we are on a winning momentum here and no doubt that when we look back, we will see that our market share has improved.
Ari Bousbib: Okay. Well, on the personnel question, you've got to differentiate between the executive management leadership level and then the actual field force with CRAs, et cetera. So on the first group, in general, the first category, yes, there is an opportunity to bringing challenge that somehow dissatisfied with where they are and that will only occur and it has happened already in a few cases. But again, these are small numbers. On the CRAs and the project lead and so on, that's much more difficult because it's driven by the book of business and by the execution that our competitors are also in the midst of trials and they need those people as much as we do. And so there's not much -- there's just an inflation on wages, which is the result of all the factors we talked about before, but that doesn't -- the mergers don't affect at least immediately the CRAs and the people in the field. Your other question had to do
Ari Bousbib: Yes. So as you noted yourself in your question, it's very hard. You can't -- we sold projects with certain assumptions. And there are some escalations and some factors built into those contracts. So that will be reflected. But by and large, the pricing was set based on different assumptions and when you have higher cost, then you have to absorb. But then as we move forward, obviously, the pricing is affected. There's no magic here. It's all going to get fast on and there's no secret. But it's going to lag because of the nature of our business, certainly in the R&DS business.
Eric Coldwell: I have a couple as well. First one, I think the number one inbound this morning is on your M&A spend in the quarter. Obviously, a much higher number than we were anticipating with the Myriad deal sizing being known. I'm curious if you could address that in a couple of ways. One, the type of deals, nature of deals, number of deals but also what impact you expect on a revenue basis, both in the fourth quarter as well as any thoughts on the run rate of the companies that you've recently acquired? And I might have a follow-up as well.
Eric Coldwell: Yes. Just a clarification on the first one. So the last one, I think you said DMV, if I understood correctly.
Eric Coldwell: Okay. And then my follow-up is my typical burden on you to talk about COVID contributions in 3Q for revenue and bookings, specifically in R&DS but also other segments as necessary. If you could update us on the backlog of COVID work in total in R&DS and then talk about bookings in 3Q related to total COVID-related activity would be great.
Ron Bruehlman: Yes, sure. Look, first, we like to look at the contribution of COVID to the backlog. And if you strip out the mega vaccine trials, Eric, from the backlog of R&DS, it's less than 5% of the backlog. If you take out all COVID-related work, it's less than 10% of the R&DS backlog. And you were asking about the contribution of COVID to revenue, I think, 2 in the quarter. And look, R&DS had very strong growth, even accepting the COVID-related work. If you take out the large fast burning COVID work, you were in the high 20s for R&DS revenue growth. And even if you take out all COVID-related work, you were still strong teens growth. So COVID did contribute, of course, and the work will trail down over time. But the underlying business in other therapeutic areas is very strong and ramping up as we go forward in R&DS.
Ron Bruehlman: Well, Shlomo, we've made a really concerted effort internally here to improve our processes around receivables, which, of course, is one of our largest classes of assets. We don't have inventory, as you would have in a manufacturing firm receivables are really where we have a lot of our assets other than our deferred software investment. And that's been -- our efforts have been on several fronts. First off is collecting on time. We had a -- go back a little while, we had a large amount of overdue receivables. And that's just kind of focused to go and collect what's due from us. The next is billing on time. I mean, we had a large amount of unbilled receivables. And that comes down to internal processes about billing more quickly, more -- in a more timely fashion. So we get paid in a more timely fashion. And of course, the third that you mentioned is the deferred revenue that the customer advances that we get. We again made an effort internally to negotiate contracts with our customers, so we get paid more upfront. So we're not out of pocket, and this has helped substantially. And I expect all 3 of those that continue to be a driver of strong cash flow in the future. Now, of course, having said that cash flow is lumpy. Quarter-to-quarter, it's difficult to predict. And you do get instances where you'll get an unusual amount of advances to some of the work you're doing that will burn out off over time and then rebuild up. So I would urge you not to focus too much on the quarter-to-quarter. But yes, what you're saying is that fundamentally, we've improved our collections processes and improved our underlying free cash flow generation as a result.
Ron Bruehlman: Yes. Look, the site accessibility numbers remain around 80% or so. But look, we've managed to work around that and operate it close to normal. And not all sites are equal, the larger sites are open, and that hasn't been an issue for us. We've seen site start-ups and patient recruitment at near pre-pandemic levels, not quite, but near pre-pandemic levels. The patient visits are still lagging a little bit. just gradually coming back. And so when we look at our overall operations, we're not totally back to pre-pandemic level yet and we'll expect a gradual improvement over time back to pre-pandemic level, but it really hasn't been a major issue for our operations. As Ari mentioned in his opening remarks, we've learned how to manage driving around the...
Ron Bruehlman: Right. And of course, on the TAS side of the business, shorter-cycle business, a greater ability to pass along cost increases.
