Andrew Markwick: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our first quarter 2019 earnings call. With me today are Ari Bousbib, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Michael McDonnell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Eric Sherbet, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; Nick Childs, Senior Vice President, Financial Planning and Analysis; and Jen Halchak, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Today, we will be referencing a presentation that will be visible during this call for those of you on our webcast. This presentation will also be available following this call on the Events and Presentations section of our IQVIA Investor Relations website at ir.iqvia.com. Before we begin, I would like to caution listeners that certain information discussed by management during this conference call will include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied by forward-looking statements due to risks and uncertainties associated with company’s business, which are discussed in the company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K and subsequent SEC filings. In addition, we will discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures on this call, which should be considered a supplement to, and not a substitute for financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to the comparable GAAP measures is included in the press release and conference call presentation. I would now like to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Ari Bousbib.
Andrew Markwick: I want to try and squeeze in one more question if possible from another analyst, if possible. Thank you, Dave.
Andrew Markwick: Yes, I think, we – let’s follow-up on that offline. I’d like to try and jump to another question, if we can.
Michael McDonnell: Thank you, Ari, and good morning, everyone. As you’ve seen, we had another solid quarter. Let’s review some of the details. First quarter revenue of $2,684 million grew 4.7% reported and 7.2% at constant currency. First quarter Technology & Analytics Solutions revenue of $1,075 million grew 9.1% reported and 12.9% at constant currency. R&D Solutions revenue of $1,416 million grew 3.7% at actual FX rates and 5.3% at constant currency. R&D Services growth would be in the high-single digits, excluding the headwind from pass-throughs. As expected Contract Sales & Medical Solutions revenue of $193 million declined 9.4% reported and 7% at constant currency. Now, turning to profit. First quarter adjusted EBITDA was $587 million. First quarter GAAP net income was $58 million and GAAP diluted earnings per share was $0.29. Adjusted net income was $309 million. First quarter adjusted diluted earnings per share was $1.53. The improvement year-over-year was comprised of $0.15 from operating performance, plus $0.04 net from various puts and takes, including below the line items such as interest, operating D&A and taxes, as well as share buybacks. Let’s now turn to R&D Solutions backlog. As Ari mentioned, we continue to see strong bookings growth even after the adjustment to backlog. We also expect strong revenue conversion over the next 12 months from this backlog. And as we said before, we are fully absorbing the backlog adjustment in our 2019 guidance. Let’s review the balance sheet. At March 31, cash and cash equivalents totaled $936 million and debt was $11.3 billion, resulting in net debt of $10.4 billion. Our net leverage ratio was 4.6 times our trailing 12-month adjusted EBITDA. Cash flow from operating activities was $113 million in the first quarter and free cash flow was negative $28 million. As is usual, during the first quarter, our free cash flow is lighter due to annual incentive payments to employees. Additionally, cash flow this quarter was affected by the timing of various receipts and other disbursements, including our loyalty program business, which you may recall is our business that manages copay reimbursements on behalf of our pharma customers. Differences in the timing of payments we make to pharmacies as consumers use the programs versus reimbursement that we received from our pharma customers can cause meaningful swings in cash flow in any given quarter. CapEx was $141 million in the first quarter. This was somewhat higher than we have been accustomed to, as we continue to make investments in innovation to drive growth. We repurchased $141 million of our stock during the first quarter from certain of our remaining private equity sponsors. Let’s now turn to 2019 guidance. We are reaffirming our full-year 2019 revenue guidance of $10,900 million to $11,125 million. We are also affirming our adjusted EBITDA guidance of $2,375 million to $2,425 million and our adjusted diluted EPS guidance of $6.20 to $6.40. Tax rates are still expected to be approximately 22% for the adjusted book tax rate and approximately 15% for the adjusted cash tax rate. This guidance assumes that foreign currency rate at March 31 remain in effect for the rest of the year. And by the way, I want to remind you that from the time we last provided guidance using January 1 FX rates until March 31, rates have actually moved against us. This has generated a revenue headwind for the company, but we are absorbing it within our revenue guidance range and our guidance remains unchanged. As in prior quarters, we are also providing guidance for the coming quarter. Again, assuming foreign currency remain – foreign currency remains at March 31 rate through the end of the second quarter, we expect revenues to be between $2,660 million and $2,710 million, adjusted EBITDA to be between $565 million and $580 million and adjusted diluted EPS to be between $1.46 and $1.51. This adjusted diluted EPS guidance represents year-over-year growth of 13.2% to 17.1%. In summary, we delivered first quarter results toward the high-end or above our guidance ranges. Total company revenue growth continued to accelerate. Organic revenue growth for the Technology & Analytics Solutions business continued to accelerate. Organic revenue growth for R&D Solutions continued to sustain high single-digit growth rates, excluding pass-throughs. R&D Solutions posted a record LTM contracted services net book-to-bill ratio of 1.51 times and NTM revenue from backlog conversion increased to $4.9 billion. We completed $141 million of share repurchases in the quarter, and we reaffirmed full-year revenue and profit guidance. And with that, let me hand it back to the operator for Q&A.
Michael McDonnell: And I think on the OCE side, Erin, I think, we said last quarter, the team are actively engaged in over 100 active sales lead to still checking those down. So good market and compiling is very robust there and we’re seeing good traction in the marketplace.
Michael McDonnell: So, Ross, happy to comment on that. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we pay our first quarter incentives or pay our annual incentives in the first quarter. So that always is a drag on cash flow and our first quarter is always our weakest cash flow quarter. So that was as expected. I think, in addition to that, I’d point you two things. One is, as I mentioned, the loyalty card program, which is one where there is just the timing between reimbursements that came in from our pharma clients versus when we have to pay those as coupons are presented. And so that, it’s just timing, but it can create a meaningful headwind or a tailwind to free cash flow. In this particular quarter, it was a bit of a – it was a meaningful headwind. And then lastly, our CapEx is a bit higher than what we’ve been accustomed to and we’re making some very good investments and some very attractive investments that we’re really happy with and we think we’re going to bear fruit longer-term. And those are really the key points. I’d remind you that we continue to benefit from a very low-cost of debt. Continue to be very tax-efficient. We’re pleased with our share buyback program and we continue to expect that over time, our free cash flow should be kind of a $900 million to $1 billion a year sort of number.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Hi, Erin, thanks for the question. Well, look, the – I know there has been some talks, maybe from others about what’s going on in the market. We see – we had very strong bookings growth across the Board. I’m looking here for the actual number, large pharma versus small pharma or biotech. We had bookings – overall gross awards were – gross bookings were 30% LTM. Can I have the large pharma and biotech numbers, so I can give some colors to Erin here? Okay, yes. Basically, strong growth across the Board. I do my – from memory here, because I don’t have the numbers probably LTM bookings growth, again 30%, large pharma bookings growth, which still represent the majority of our bookings Erin. The gross bookings in large pharma were up 30% and the EBP business wins grew over 20%. Our lot business was also strong. It was well over 20%. The pipeline is stronger this year than it was last year. The – we’re forecasting double-digit increase in RFP value here this year versus last year. We have, at the moment, the strongest pre-RFP qualified leads pipeline we ever had. It’s up double digits over this time last year. So we really see strength, frankly, across the Board. With respect to NextGen, we’ve not highlighted, because basically it continues to be as strong as it was. We had well over $600 million of, what we call now core enabled smart trial new business in the quarter. We now have somewhere around $4.5 billion of awards for our core enabled smart trials. We had actually some very nice awards in the quarter. We won a Phase III trial for diabetes, which was essentially driven by our ability to identify high-density patient sides. As you know, it’s a very researched area, diabetes and a lot of competition for patients. And we won on the basis of our ability to identifying target with a high degree of precision where those patients are in high-density sites. We also won a Phase II, Phase III trial for psoriasis. Again, entirely on the back of our ability to provide patient recruitment solutions that drove a reduction in the number of site required by 50% in this particular case. Again, our ability to target high-density of patient populations. So again, these awards always a good leading indicator for future contracted N&B. We continue to see very good strength and are happy with our quarter really across the segments.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. So we – I think I said in my remarks that we had revenue growth of 12.9% in our Technology & Analytics Solutions segment and 7% of that was organic. That’s a very big number for us. You will remember that for the longest time, our underlying growth rates in that segment was 4%, which we’re happy with, but it accelerated to over 5%. Again, I’m talking about organic growth there in the fourth quarter and it was 7% this quarter. I’m not promising, it will continue to be at 7%, but certainly it has disconnected from the historic long time 4% level. Bear in mind, that about a third of our revenues in that business is data, is the old IMS data business and that business grows at 0%. So you really are talking about double-digit revenue growth for our real-world and technology itself, and it is driven by our new suite of products. We had a lot of success in the marketplace last year, since we launched OCE, and we also launched a number of other products, which we announced RIM Smart for regulatory and compliance [Multiple Speakers] to safety and covigilance. We launched OCE analytics, as an added functionality on OCE, which includes essentially a layer of artificial intelligence to add. We are more prescribe – prescribing insights to the users. Hopefully, you’ll get a chance to see all of that at our Investor Day on June 18.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Well, thanks – Ross, thanks for all those nice comments. I’d say, you’re right on your analysis here. The environment, I want to stress, continues to be very strong. We don’t see any slowdown. You’re actually – I’ll tell you, we are seeing an increase in the average value of our wins year-over-year. We see larger trials, bigger commitments. I mentioned to Erin earlier that the value of our RFP status trials in aggregate is up year-over-year double-digits. Again, strongest pre-RFP qualified leads pipeline, again, up double digits this time versus last time – last year this time. The future of clinical trials to the NextGen point and that is where the transformation is around digital health technologies use of real world data and application of AI. Now, all of these things can happen in a vacuum. You need the raw ingredients, which is the deep granular patient level analytics assets that we’ve spent decades building, and we’ve invested a lot in. And that was again to take you back 2.5 years ago the entire rationale for why we decided to do the merger at the time. We believe that as a result of all these investments, we are at the forefront of all of these and really leading the industry to change. Again, we hope to highlight how we’re doing these on June 18. With respect to the market itself, investment in medical innovation grew in 2018. We still see a lot of investment money flowing into the space. The value of the venture capital deals has more than doubled from the deal value in the last five years. If we took the top 15 largest pharmaceutical companies in aggregate, and by the way, this data is available in our IQVIA Institute Report, which was recently published analyzing in-depth the landscape of R&D, core innovation, drivers of change and evolution of clinical trial productivity. And if you don’t have that report, I strongly encourage. I’m sure it’s available on our website, or you can have Investor Relations. But the top 15 largest pharmaceutical companies in aggregate together upped their R&D spend by 30% in the last five years. In 2018, there was a record number of approvals and launches of innovative medicines. Biopharma is healthy. Of the 59 new drug launches in 2018, 38 were patented by EBP companies. Of the 26 new drugs registered with large pharma, half of them originated through the emerging biopharma. If you look at the number of molecules in late-stage development pipeline, it’s increased by 11%, which is almost 40% in the last five years. So we see a very strong environment. Obviously, quarter-to-quarter, you have ups and downs, and the numbers we posted reflect the strength of the environment, I just described and perhaps you were – perhaps, yes, some gains in share on the back of our more innovative solutions. Again we didn’t post 1.7 as we did the last two quarters, but it’s still very, very strong and certainly much higher than the numbers you reported the 1.15 to 1.20, you just quoted from competitors. Again, much higher than that pre or post adjustment.
Ari Bousbib: Okay. So pass-throughs in general is, we are a year into this new standard. We’re still trying to – we – hopefully, we’re getting a better handle on it, but it’s just much harder to predict the timing of pass-throughs by definition just at the booking stage already. It’s – you can have very strong, it’s a very precise analysis of what the bookings number is for service revenue, but the pass-through is more of an estimate. So not saying that there’s going to be a big variation, but it’s not as precise as service – as expected service revenues already at the booking stage. Then the – this time that we recognize revenue on an estimate of completion basis, again, it’s complex exercise to estimate what remains to be done on a project and evaluate the timing on how that’s going to be done in relationship to what has already accomplished. But that’s a complex exercise for the actual work, for the labor that goes into the work, but the pass-throughs, it’s even harder, right? And so that causes some lumpiness into when they come in quarter-in, quarter-out. Bear in mind that to make things even more complicated, depending on the mix of projects, you could have business lines and therapy areas that have varying levels of pass-throughs. In this particular – in the case of the project that we just highlighted that was terminated, it’s in the therapy area that happens to require an enormous amount of, how do I say it without saying word therapy, but all of them arise, a lot of scans, PET scans, a lot of very expensive procedures in the course of the trial. That’s very highly specific to this therapy area. And as a result, it ends up being a huge amount in relationship to the service revenue, in fact, the majority. That’s highly unusual. If you look at our backlog, it’s actually more, 70%, 30%, right? 70% services, 30% pass-through and that’s much more representative of what a typical clinical trial will look like 70%, 30%. This is highly, highly unusual to our disproportionate philosophies. Also bear in mind, the nature of the work, if it is functional, if it’s FSP work, then there is no pass-throughs, virtually no pass-throughs, lab work has little pass-throughs, data safety science and regulatory have really good pass-throughs, but other full clinical work does have a lot of pass-throughs. And finally, depending on where are you in your -- you could show very high revenue in a quarter driven almost entirely by pass-through as you can see from maybe other reporting peers and that’s because it means that they are arriving towards the end or they closing out projects. If on the other hand, you stand at the cusp of executing a very large backlog as is the case for us, because we have a lot of wins over the past few quarters, then in early stages of a project, you have much less pass-through. So that’s kind of – to give you some color on this pass-through thing, which again, I think, it’s not an easy piece of the business to understand. We’re becoming more – we’re trying to become more precise about it. And we’ve highlighted whenever that lumpiness causes some unusual swings in our revenues and that’s what we try to do this call.
Ari Bousbib: No, no, no. The answer is no. There was nothing – first of all, it happened towards the end of the quarter. There was nothing and we’re still figuring – we’re still working with them with that client on the wind down. But we figure to be conservative and just make an estimate and just take it out entirely of the backlog and just to reset. Frankly, when it was announced and we thought – we kind of focused internally, and so should we just take it out of the back of – right now, we issued a press release. But frankly, it’s immaterial when – to our numbers. That was our conclusion and we were told, there’s no reason to do anything until. And so we waited for the first opportunity, which is the earnings release. And despite all of that, again, I just want to point out that in the next 12 months, revenue expected from the existing backlog that – which I think, we think is the most indicative metric is up $100 million versus sequentially. I think it’s up $300 million or more than $300 million year-over-year and continues to grow. So to us, that’s the most significant – and that’s again, after we removed that trial. We – again we – of that trial, what we’ve moved essentially was going to come into revenue over the next two, three years, right? It’s about two, three years of revenue for the vast majority of that – of that dollar number. I mean, if you go back two years to – and you’re right. If you go back to Q4 of 2017, end of 2017, we were at NTM revenue from backlog of 4.5. So we have $400 million versus that. And we were at 4.6 for a while throughout 2018, we jumped to 4.8 last quarter, and we now at 4.9. Again, after the reduction – the elimination of that trial. Thank you.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. So on clinical trials, obviously, we’ll be talking about NextGen for a while, but the idea here is to do simulation and to model out. What this trial really look like based on the data assets, on the analytics, the technology and the vast amount of computing capabilities that we brought together. So the objective is to eliminate or reduce protocol amendments, accelerate the by patient recruitment, targeting the right size, including size that we’re not previously necessarily known as research size, developing new investigation – investigators. Automation, in general, has been key to gaining scale to our core enabled next generation smart trials. We can generate predictive analytics in minutes, as opposed to weeks, if you are doing it by trial and error as it’s used to be done in the past. We now have analytical libraries that drive these automated analytics and that can be used essentially off the shelf. I think we have over 1,000 automated analytics. It covers like over a – about 100 indications. And this year, I think, we plan to essentially cover 25 countries. So, today, we have more than 500 smart trials already in operation, and that represents about a third of the total trials that we are conducting. And we expect that within the next two, three years, the vast majority of the trials will be using these capabilities. So again, it’s all about speed to market for our clients, accelerating the trials, eliminating efficiency, rework, waste, and our technology capabilities enable that.
Ari Bousbib: Well, look, we have a large backlog to execute. And so, naturally, we are cognizant of the fact that the – we need those talented resources, but we do have 58 people and we work very hard on increasing productivity. You heard us before talk about mobiles, mobile solutions for CRAs, more automated capabilities for pieces of the world that can be automated. A lot of the solutions we talk about for our clients, we also are working to apply them internally. Now there are areas, I agree with you, where, for example, data scientists and the technology, the deployment of our OCE wins, which for the most part, we do ourselves contrary to other competitors. We have great talent and so far, the large ones that we’ve done, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, have been very, very successful. We – that’s expensive resources and you’re right. There is some level of waste deflation, no question about that.
Ari Bousbib: Well, I think, you’re correct. The math in the quarter, that’s what, if you look – that’s what it is pretty stable. Our bookings have been fairly outsized compared to recent history. And so obviously, the burn rate, it causes the burn rate. In individual projects, especially the ones using our new smart innovations and technology, we see an acceleration of the burn. Without that, you might have seen a decline in the burn rate, simply because of how much stronger the bookings have been. They want – when you add, especially when you add a lot of bookings, they’re not going to convert to revenue in the quarter following contracting. It’s going to take sometime. And so and hopefully, we will continue to add more and more. So you will always have that kind of a headwind, if you will, which is important, a good one in this case. We do want to add stronger and stronger bookings every quarter. But the fact is, when you do that and they don’t convert, so you cannot create in aggregate a headwind to conversion. And it masks the actual increase in burn rate that we see in the projects that we are executing. So now, we build our revenue forecast project by project and calculate total cost incurred as a percentage of the total estimated cost, and that’s the basis for revenue recognition. And, of course, we update this calculation forecast on a monthly basis, that’s the new 606 standard. So to help you with the modeling, we provide you, as you just quoted, the closing backlog, the next 12 months revenue from backlog, and we also provide you with quarterly and annual guidance. So again, as I tried to explain before, the backlog includes pass-throughs and at times the burn on the pass-through can actually be slower than the burn on the service revenue. So it is possible you will see a slower burn on pass-through backlog following a period of stronger net new business, because again, pass-through are usually incurred at later stages in the product life cycle. So on a very, very large backlog over $17 billion like ours, it’s hard to see the – all the puts and takes inside. So we feel actually very good that the burn rate remains where it is given everything I just told you.
Ari Bousbib: Right. Well, again, TAS was 12.9% all-in 7% means no acquisition in the 7%. That’s – so the acquisitions were essentially as always small bolt-on technology applications that we like that complement our suite, that help us bring capability. Sometimes honestly, we buy companies for the pool of talents. We just bring them in and they help us change the culture, they bring in capabilities that we don’t have. It would be very, very hard to go out and recruit people from like that individually. We bring in teams. We’ve done acquisitions recently included in these 4.9 points of the [indiscernible], those include some in the safety space, regulatory space. These are areas where we’re not present. So we are expanding the suite of capabilities that we are offering our clients. Again, we recall our strategy there. We will say more about that on June 18, but our strategy is to build a fully integrated suite of applications that are seamlessly integrated in our all leverage the same analytics and information assets across the Board. Thank you. We can take another…
Ari Bousbib: I wish you were right. I – no one, no one, absolutely any idea that this study will be terminated. I might eventually tell you that the client themselves had no idea the day before, okay? So this is not the way it happens. You don’t – you probably don’t need me to tell you how these things happen. They have independent third-party reviewers. It’s a very scientifically sound process, the company itself does not make that decision. So no one knew. I mean, this is – look, this is – we all know, which trial we’re talking about. This is – this was devastating news for the industry, for the people, who have been dedicated their lives to try to find a solution to this terrible disease and most of all for the patients that’ll have very high hopes. I mean, you’re talking about real serious traumatized employees certainly at the client, but – and then even for us with need for a strong emotional support. So no one expected any of this. Now were we conservative – more conservative in early 2018? Yes, because, look, we tried to be – we’ve said it before, we try to under promise and over deliver and we hope that we will always be in that position. And I think I did say last quarter that my inclination normally would be to – we tried every possible way, not to be as excited as perhaps we were on our calls, but, look, we continue to be to feel very good. Environment again is strong. We were able to fully absorb this, because we looked at the numbers and looked where we are and we looked at this when that termination was announced, not we didn’t know before at all. As I said before, we actually had several meetings here internally. I can’t reveal up to you by asking all the right – all the questions, I think, I’m supposed to ask from our experts, legal, financial, control, audit, no is there a material event here? Do we need to do anything? Is there anything to change? We did all the reviews internally that you would expect us to do and we concluded? No. There is nothing happened. Nothing happened. We’re okay. I think, again, is we are a large company. We have scale. We have wide diversity of offerings. We have a lot of clients across the Board, nothing here. So, again, another company that would probably be smaller, even marginally smaller that will be less diversified, that will be perhaps more concentrated from a client standpoint, would have a very, very hard time overcoming such a large termination. But for us, we feel comfortable that this is within our range of guidance and that’s okay, things happen.
Ari Bousbib: Okay. On the first part of your question, I did not say how much revenue either in 2019 or 2020 or 2021 is – will be taken out from our internal forecasts as a result of that termination, because we feel that they are not material. That change is not material to the guidance ranges that we provided, it’s within our ranges. This is why we decided that it does not – we are not making any changes whatsoever to any of the numbers we provided to you before we knew of this cancellation. So the answer is no, there’s no – nothing. It’s behind us and we are moving on. Second, following question is, yes, you are right. It typically tends to ramp up and accelerate in terms of revenue recognition as the project goes on. The start-up phase can be – it does not bring in as much revenue. And the sweet spot is generally in the one, two, three years after – one, two, three years after the project – the trial started. But I mean, you’re familiar with those dynamics as well. And you’re right also on the pass-throughs that’s typically, they tend to come in later on in the second-half of the trial. Okay.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I can tell you. Look, first of all in second-half of 2017 and first-half of 2018, we had very strong bookings. In the second-half of 2018 and the first quarter of 2019, we had hugely strong books. So we’re still – we are – I can’t give you a precise number when there is a sweet spot. And there is – my sweet spot keeps going further and further. In other words, I’m not looking at this as a curve that speaking at some point in time, then going down. I’m looking at it as a curve that’s going up well into the future and accelerating in terms of the slope of that curve, okay, if I’ve been clear. So I don’t have a peak here in front of me, okay? So that’s my – I think you asked about the LTM, N&B. It’s kind of – I did mention. I don’t know if I answered your question correctly. But I did mention in my prepared remarks, it’s up 30% in terms of the growth. And basically, it’s – you wanted the number, right? What was the question [Multiple Speakers]
Ari Bousbib: Yes, it’s around $6 billion or a little bit over that. I mean, that’s where the number is and we will clarify that in post-call conversations. Thank you very much.
