Thomas H. Pike: Thank you, Ari, and good morning to everyone. As you heard from Ari, we're off to a strong start with integration and I'm encouraged by how well teams from Quintiles and IMS are working together. We've had many discussions with customers since announcing the merger and it is clear that our clients are seeing the value of this powerful combination. I will now walk you through the Quintiles' standalone third quarter results. Overall, Quintiles delivered 3.6% service revenue growth at constant currency, with Product Development growth of 8.6% in constant currency. At actual rates, our overall revenue growth was 3.9%, with Product Development growth of 7.9%. The solid growth in Product Development was offset by a decline in Integrated Healthcare Services primarily due to an expected decrease in our more lumpy CSO business. The Real World Late Phase business in the IHS segment continues to grow nicely. We grew adjusted diluted EPS by 6.4% to $1 per share with GAAP EPS of $0.82 per share. We delivered improved margins on a constant currency basis in Product Development, which Mike will discuss in more detail. These results were strong for the quarter. Now, let's look at our new business development activity, and I remind you that I'll be talking about Production Development without advisory services. For the legacy Product Development segment, bookings, which I remind you, is now only contracted net new business was about $4.5 billion for the 12 months ended September 30, 2016, resulting in ended contracted backlog of about $9.5 billion. The third quarter awarded net new business was softer than usual. Our pipeline this quarter had a higher proportion of emerging biopharma clients and decision timing could be more difficult to predict. Separately, contracted net new business was impacted by a significant project cancellation toward the end of the quarter, resulting from a reprioritization of one client's pipeline. This cancellation was not due to Quintiles' performance on the study and we remain a committed partner with this client. Also bear in mind, since this was not one of the best quarters for new business awards, you should expect as-contracted net new business to be correspondingly impacted in the next few quarters. From a big picture perspective, it's important to note that we continue to see strong demand in the market and we currently have a robust R&D Solutions pipeline that should help drive the level of new business activity consistent with what you've seen from us over the long run. Our strategic partnerships are performing well and we are winning new business when that work is outsourced. There can be some cyclicality with these relationships as opportunities can ebb and flow from quarter to quarter with individual clients, however, the underlying relationships and trends remain solid. To reiterate, we continue to have a strong opportunity pipeline and have not changed our outlook on the market. Even more importantly, we're confident that we can capture an increasing share of market opportunities as we bring the benefits of the next-generation CRO to existing and new clients. Now, let me hand over the call to Mike, who will walk you through the Quintiles' standalone financial results in more detail.
Thomas H. Pike: And the thing I'd add, Tycho, it's Tom, is that we're looking forward to doing now. We've been doing a lot of work with the data and technology to IMS and what we're going to do is, in 2017, we look to apply that to the backlog. So, you really have two things going. One is, you got the combination of these powerful sales team that's working together and the new service offerings that we'll have around, the next-generation CRO. But at the same time, we're going to use these tools to look at how we really drive that backlog burn. So, more to come in coming quarters.
Thomas H. Pike: I think, Ari, you answered it very well. I'd only add three things very quickly to your last point. I think what Ari is saying is there is no company that has the vantage point to help the pharmaceutical industry that this company does. And we understand the development process, we understand the drugs in the pipeline, and we understand how they're being sold all around the world. We put these two companies together and our sales force towards other companies in the industry. When you think about it, we've got over 1,000 people out there now working with our clients to bring new services. And it's just, we had – Ari and I had the account managers get together a couple of weeks ago, 35 or so from each side, incredible power, as you look at the two organizations collaborating. And then the last point is just that in many ways, what's happening is coming our way. Ari mentioned the point about pricing and our ability to help, but you may have seen in early September, the new Commissioner of the FDA talked about the importance of real-world data together with randomized clinical trial data, and bringing those two together at the same time. Our statisticians are actually working with the regulatory authority to help bring these together. Our people are advising how to bring vigor into the medical device area from our real-world side. I mean, in many ways, this market is coming to us.
Thomas H. Pike: Hi, Dave. This is Tom. I think it's a little early for all those questions. We've only just come together. But I do want to start by emphasizing that we have three powerful segments that we'll bring to the market. And it's easy to think about the CRO and maybe it's because we kept the Q, I don't know Ari, but we have three powerful segments and all of them are powered up by this merger. And so, the opportunity here is enormous. We've actually had a team that's being going around the world, looking at the data sources of IMS, the historical data sources, and I'm really pleased to report that as they've gone into detail, country by country, and we're looking especially at the top 13 countries where we recruit about 70% of our patients and the data is rich. And our leader of the Clinical Operations, our President of Clinical Operations entity has been holding counsel with the teams looking at how we can bring that forward. And what I think has really become clear to me is the ability to have a distinctive competitive advantage, because of the fact that it takes real sophistication to use the data on a country by country basis that gives you insights into medical providers, into patient availability, into how the practice of medicine takes place there. That kind of sophistication actually gives us an opportunity for even better competitive advantage. I think, at the end of the day, we are looking very specifically at how do we help with protocol development. Because as you know, the protocol amendments are one of the most costly and delaying aspects of the business. And we continue to believe that we can have a significant impact on reducing protocol amendments we can do much better site selection. And because again, nobody has ever had access to 14.7 million healthcare practitioners. Imagine a world where instead of just having an investigator database, you actually have all the spots that refer to that investigator as well and you know how to contact them. And then third, just recruiting faster. So, when we look at the existing backlog, what we're doing is we're teasing out the studies, we've actually gone through a very sophisticated exercise to look across our studies, which ones are in a stage and which ones are likely to be impacted by the data. And then as I say, it takes a sophisticated processes to do it, but our clients are extremely interested and trying to help us, help figure out how to speed things up. So, I think the reporting out of the frontlines is strong.
Thomas H. Pike: Well, thank you for your question. It is a good question. We're working precisely along the lines that you're suggesting. Now, is there a way to transform this business by equipping the sales rep that are essentially contracted out to our clients with better capabilities, visibility on data and technology, so that gives us a superior advantage. The fact is, this industry is largely – it's priced based, it's cost plus and not – it's a very low margin. And so, we are going to – we are looking actively at all of the above. But this is not like this industry is going to become all of a sudden a high growth, high margin contributor. We will improve it by doing what you're suggesting, but it will be marginal improvements. I think with respect to lumpiness, hopefully, we can smooth that out by being more competitive in the marketplace. Thank you.
