Ari Bousbib: Well good morning, David. Thank you for the question and there are many elements of response built in your question itself. You clearly know the industry and what's happening very well. Look as a context as you all know in the field, patient visits have not fully recovered to pre-pandemic levels. So that's point number one. I think it was presented at an industry conference recently. I think it was on October 7 Society for Clinical Research Sites Summit, this issue of staff shortages that are affecting investor side operations was flagged as a development industry-wide. So that, if you will, is on the negative now. You're correct to point to DCT has obviously -- the less we require the patient to actually visit the site, the better it is as a counter to this issue. Now we don't see this issue as a sort of permanent or ongoing thing. It happens to be that what we have been dealing with, and we've been talking about from the beginning of the year, which is very high levels of attrition, people have a hard time going back to work. We have a harder time recruiting the skill sets that we require plus the impact on cost of labor that all of that has, all of these factors in combination are a significant -- or the single most important operational challenge we have seen. And as we've mentioned many times, we've been dealing with that and offsetting the impact of these issues with our productivity initiatives and cost-reduction programs. Now we're not the only ones to experience these staff shortages. The sites also have staff shortages as a result of the same factors. And when they have to prioritize dealing with the incoming flow of patients versus dealing with clinical trials. And so that's a development. You mentioned also the complexity of studies as new factors. And I think this is also correct. There is -- the mix, not just in our backlog, I think it's industry-wide that happens to be the evolution of the market, the mix of studies makes it -- makes the factors I just mentioned, even more acute. As you know, recruitment of patients is much more -- is correlated. The difficulty to recruit patient is correlated with the complexity of the study. Now this is an area where we can shine because we've got our data analytics and our technology, and we've proven many times that we are able to address complex studies and recruit patients better than we would have had otherwise. So which side is going to win, it's hard to tell. But look, so far, I mean, through the year, we've been able to address all of those. I mean you've seen our numbers every quarter we have been able to beat our own expectations, and that's because we've been able to address it. We have a very diversified, large-scale company, and we are able to adjust. We're not dependent on one single study. Had we been 1/10 of the size, we would be highly sensitive to a big study win or a big study loss. We're not. We just tweaked a little bit the fourth quarter numbers here just because we want to make sure we anticipate everything and be transparent and put this out to investors. Thank you for your question, Dave.
Ari Bousbib: Thank you, John, and a very good question. That is exactly the operational equation that we are dealing with. And again, there's no news here. We've been talking about this throughout the year. We've been saying this is a single most significant operational challenge we're dealing with is talent, talent, talent. And the cost of the talent, recruiting, training, retaining and compensating the talent that we need to execute our studies. The levels of attrition reached record highs. I mean, you're talking about almost 20% sometime in the first part of the year. We have seen those levels of attrition come down and stabilized. Now they're still very high. It's now more in the 16%, 17% type of range and is stabilized there. And we hope that they are going to continue to come down. Obviously, we put in place a very large number of measures to retain people. And those include, not only but they include the compensation -- upward compensation adjustments, which again, places more burden and more -- and create inflation that we have to deal with. This is, as I just mentioned before, the sales issue industry-wide and including at our partner sites where we execute the studies, which is creating the bottlenecks that we talked about for us to execute. So as far as our operations, we don't know how long this attrition issues and employee turnover and headwinds will last. We are dealing with them. I can tell you that many of the cost-cutting and productivity initiative programs that we were planning to launch in '23, we have decided to accelerate and we're starting many of them in this fourth quarter of 2022 in anticipation of potential continuation of some of these employee turnover and wage inflation issues. So we are going to address that as far as our operations. Now you asked the balancing question, which is how are we able to reflect that on pricing. As you know, on the CRO side of the house, it's a long-cycle business. So the contracted backlog that was contracted a year or 2 years, 3 years, 4 years ago, that's still in our backlog sometimes, that is at a certain cost assumptions, which were different than the ones we are facing. There are, in most contracts, cost escalation provisions and clauses that enable us to adjust the rates. But I don't think anyone anticipated 8%, 9% inflation. So we're not fully able to immediately -- there is a delay, if you will, there is a lag between when we are suffering the cost headwind and when we can reflect that into our pricing. Now it's a little less like that in the shorter cycle businesses on the commercial side. But there also we have long-term contracts. We have at least 1 year, 2-year contracts. We've got technology licenses at certain rates. We've got data contracts at certain rates. So it is more likely that we are able to reflect price increases in analytics, in consulting, in services, which are 3, 6 months, 1 year visibility-type contracts and those were able to -- but again, it's not the bulk of the business. So it will happen, and we've got plans to do so, but there is a lag. Thank you, John, for your question.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Well, Sandy, and thank you for the question. Look, we are very pleased with the continued strong growth that we are seeing in TAS. You heard us, both Ron and myself, report organic constant currency revenue growth, excluding COVID from both years of 12%. That's really, really strong. And you know that the -- if we think about the business in three buckets and the high-growth bucket includes real world and commercial tech and they continue to be strong drivers of growth. We continue to find innovative ways to utilize real-world evidence for clients, as I described in my introductory remarks, and we care to deploy more of our technology solutions. You talked about digital marketing. So it's true that sales forces, sales reps as a demographic in general, are going down. And so any parts of any business that are reliant on physical interactions between sales reps and physicians, those businesses clearly have a downward long-term trends. So people who are dependent on CRM, for example, are going to experience headwinds. Now as I have mentioned many times before, we have been long ago at the forefront of the transition to digital marketing. Interactions with HCPs are now rapidly evolving towards digital interactions. And I mentioned in my introductory remarks, some examples, we made investments in this area. We bought DMD Marketing last year. We bought Lasso this past quarter. These are unique, this is kind of an operating system that enables pharma clients to buy and decide where to place promotional content. This is where the industry is going. We've made investments. We bought technology and companies that we feel are unique and will enable us to claim our fair share of that market. And we are here to support our clients in this transition. So you're absolutely correct. Overall, the traditional mode of going to market is going away. It's a slow trend downwards, but it is downward, but it is more than offset by growth in digital marketing, and that's what we've been investing in, and that's what's growing in our business. Thank you, Sandy.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. So I mean, that's the item that we've been working on. And as Ron mentioned, we decided that it was time to retire some of the debt that matures in '24. So we took out 5 10 in just a few weeks ago, a couple of weeks ago. And we're probably going to retire what is maturing in '24. We will retire that in '23. And so we will begin addressing the issue of interest expense. Of course, it's a 1-year issue right? From a comparison standpoint, we likely will have a step-up in interest expense in aggregate for us in '23 versus '22. But from then on, hopefully, rates are going to either stabilize or decrease. If you look at the forecast by the individual governance of the Fed, and you've got these charts with every dots representing each governor's anticipation of rates and they are really all over the map. For 2024, ranging from 2.5% to 5%. So hopefully, at some point, the rates will go down and then it becomes a tailwind, so to speak. But certainly, going to '23, it will be a headwind that we have to address, and we're planning to address and take other actions on other fronts to mitigate that impact.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Thank you very much for your question. Look, given the strength of the industry backdrop, there's obviously competition for TAS. That's number one. That's in addition to the overall context of post-COVID resignations and the inflation that drives an additional component of wage inflation. Now we are actively recruiting and hiring, I mean, thousands of people, the numbers are staggering, the number of people we bring on board in order to meet the incremental demand. And of course, we've had this attrition issue that I mentioned earlier. We have approximately 83,000 employees. We recruit, as I said, thousands and thousands of employees a year. So we do have the capabilities we are focused on it. Now where? Which pockets? Obviously, it's CRAs, its operational people, it's project leadership. It's really front-line execution field skilled professionals. And that's where the issues are. Now because of that, we're seeing margin pressure from the labor cost increases. And -- but you've seen we've expanded our margins. So really, that's because of our productivity initiatives. We do intend to continue this trend. We are not just sitting here and watching the headwinds, we are countering them, and you know that we've done that throughout the year. Now we are -- we made a minus modest adjustment to reflect some labor cost increase that we're not able to offset entirely in the fourth quarter, again, very minor just because there is a lag. You recruit highly skilled and expensive people. It takes a little bit of time before they are actually deployed in the field and productive. And sometimes, you just don't have the time to catch up with the cost reduction programs to offset those increases in costs. Now with respect to the staff shortage at other sites, we don't manage those sites, and it's hard to do the same thing there. I do not, at this point in time, see that these trends are widespread or that they are going to continue in such a way that all of a sudden, the long-term conversion of our backlog is compromised. We do not see that because those staff shortages have been located in pockets. We are operating in a lot of sites and not all of them are experienced globally. And it's mostly some sites -- mostly the sites that have been affected are in the U.S. where we see most of the pressure. Frankly, some of the reasons we've had to make the little -- very modest residual adjustments we made to our fourth quarter numbers is a lot of it is due to the lab business not being able -- not receiving the flow of samples from the sites on the time line that they had been -- that they had expected them. And the reason for that is because there were less patient visits at the site. They were less patient visits at the sites because there was less staff to handle the patients. And so that's what created the bottleneck. And we know it's a specific site. So it's too early for me to say this is a widespread permanent change in the industry. Yes, the studies are more complex and that results into slower conversion by definition, but that was occurring even before COVID and it's not going to be a major step down and [indiscernible]. So, so far, we cannot say that this is going to continue. We think that we'll be able to deal with it in the early part of 2023.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. And again, that's absolutely -- you're absolutely correct, Patrick. We are exactly working on this. I mentioned earlier that we have plans. You will recall when we gave our 20 by '25 targets, which, by the way, are unchanged. Nothing here is, in the slightest, making us deviate from the goals we've set for 2025 for our company, at least with the exception perhaps of the leverage ratio we were targeting 2025 at a leverage ratio of 3. And as Ron mentioned, it's likely will be at 3 well before that. But other than that, our goals are the same. The road to those goals may not always necessarily be a straight line, but the growth haven't changed. Now in support of these goals, we had over the next 3 years, a series of programs and productivity initiatives internally, and we've decided in light of both the increased below-the-line headwinds for '23 and a continued labor inflation, which we are assuming as a given, we decided to accelerate the programs we were supposed to initiate in '23, and we are initiating them in the fourth quarter of '22. So the answer to your question is absolutely yes, and that's the plan.
Ari Bousbib: Absolutely nothing changed at all, okay? Overall, RFP flow is 10% up year-to-date, 15% in Q3. What we call the qualified pipeline, which means it's advanced, it's not early stage, it's not speculative, is up 19% year-over-year. Awards in Q3, the awards are -- should I mention the number? The awards in Q3 are 22% up, second highest quarter ever. Plus 10% sequential growth. I mean, I don't know what else to tell you. I'm looking at every number possible. On the demand side, we see no change. It's widespread, large pharma, EBP. We've been saying this for the -- from the beginning of the year. You guys are not believing us, but the numbers are showing, are -- and I guess everyone else is coming to the story as well.
