Ari Bousbib: Yes. You're asking -- Elizabeth, thanks for your question. You're asking about contrasting the pullback in spend on the commercial side versus continued strength in R&DS.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. But there is no pull back on spend in R&DS. I don't think I said that. I said the opposite. Funding in R&DS has been very strong. I'm sorry if I misspoke -- was misunderstood, but there is no pullback in R&DS quite the opposite. I mentioned in my introductory comments that the -- if you look at the EBP sector, which has been under pressure and people have been concerned about, we see EBP funding in the quarter actually higher than it was last year.  And I think year-to-date, I mentioned that funding was up 8% year-over-year. So I also mentioned that we are experiencing a strong continued RFP flow growth. It's actually up 10% in the quarter year-over-year. So I think it's quite the opposite. Our world continue at a record high level, again, higher than last year. To give you some more color, our qualified pipeline is up 16% year-over-year and continues to be very, very strong. Our total pipeline as well, very strong, record high historically. I mentioned our book-to-bill in the quarter is 1.24x and basis, including pass-throughs, and when you exclude pass-throughs and you just focus on services, our book-to-bill is 1.4x. Our services bookings were $2.3 billion in the quarter. That's a historic high for us. So again, nothing that we see and we've been handling this point over and over again in the environment or in an all internal metric leads us to believe there is anything changed on the R&DS spend.  There are different dynamics. It is true that we have -- we see our clients, large pharma, especially explore new models with more FSP or hybrid type of services awarded. I mentioned we won some large FSPs, which explains, of course, the lower amount of pass-throughs in the quarter in our bookings. But other than that, the spend is strong and our prospects for the business continue to be very strong on the R&DS side.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. I mean -- large pharma, you saw, I think 2/3 of the top 10 large pharma and we know that, that's basically the case. The vast majority of large pharma companies have announced either publicly or internally a significant cost-cutting program, that's due to the macro environment, which is very challenging. Concerns raised by the IRA and the general issues that we see geopolitical problems all over the world, continuing wars in Europe, the Middle East. And of course, we have the situation in China which has all but frozen the market for multinational corporations in China.  So all of those are headwinds plus the companies that were very active during the COVID years are seeing dramatic pullbacks in revenue and all of that is putting pressure on margins. And as a result, large pharma has been -- and I would say, unusually so, very aggressive in launching cost reduction programs. Now I said before that, that is not reflected. So far, we haven't seen that in the R&D side of the house. Again, I want to reiterate very strong strength. I mean a good momentum in the business and all the metrics show that there is no slowdown there.  Again, not surprising. It's a long-cycle business. However, we're bearing the brunt of those cost reduction initiatives on the TAS segment where we see that projects that should take a certain amount of time are taking a lot more time to get decided or awarded. And we see our clients negotiating on terms a lot harder than they ever were. And all of that has caused us to come short on the TAS segment in our revenues. But again, we're confident that this is will rebound. We know this because the pipelines continue to be very strong on the TAS segment.  And we -- if you look back at every time there was a pullback of source from large pharma in history, whether you go back to the 2008, '10 period or anytime some big legislation was enacted. There was always a little bit of a pullback. And then it came back, the company -- the industry is very innovative and comes back growing and our business goes along with it. So we're confident that we'll come back sometime in '24. Thank you, Elizabeth.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Well, thank you, Charles. I mean, look, I want to distinguish again between the clinical development side of the house and the commercial shorter cycle part of the house where there are more pockets of spend that are more discretionary from a time line standpoint. So again, on the clinical side of the house, yes, there are reviews of pipelines and so on and which molecules are worthwhile developing, there's more analysis.  But this is at the early, early stage of the process. As you know, we are primarily almost entirely a Phase III clinical trial company. And so we are not seeing that, and we will not be seeing that for another several years, if it were to affect the pipeline. I remind you that the number of molecules coming down the pipe is at a record high. The number of FDA approval is at a record high. And all of that bodes well for our clinical business and all the metrics that we see from funding to RFPs, to awards, to backlog and bookings are very, very strong.  Once again, we had a record historically -- historic high in services bookings in the quarter of $2.3 billion, representing a book-to-bill ratio of 1.4x, excluding pass-through. So that's what the clinical side of the house. We have not seen the impact of any revisions or rethinking of pipelines so far. On the commercial side, that's the area where we are seeing an impact of our clients being more cautious, more conservative, stepping back from some of the projects they were planning to do. But for the most part, what we do, except again for the discretionary part, must be done, there is discretion with respect to timing. And of course, clients are being more aggressive in terms of seeking price reductions and better terms and so on.  The pipelines that we have indicate that demand is still there. To your question, when people say to us, they will no longer do a project, it's no longer in our pipeline. But if it remains in our pipeline, then it means the clients still intends to do it. It's just that the time line for decision-making has been pushed to the right. What explains it, it's, again, general concerns about the economy, general concerns about the macro geopolitical issues, the pressures resulting from sharp revenue declines, post-COVID and what that entails from a margin point of view.  As I mentioned in my introductory remarks, we are a very large vendor to pharma and to large pharma in particular. And when large pharma seeks to improve their margins, they seek to reduce costs. And obviously, they come to us for further reductions and that elongates time lines, and of course, erodes pricing as well on our side. All of that has resulted in us coming short on our revenues in TAS, along with, as we mentioned in the introductory remarks, the significant FX headwinds versus what we had guided to before. So that's the environment. Thank you for that question.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. We measure the IRA hasn't had any concrete -- significant concrete impact yet on the market. This is all based on hypothetical developments and down the line. So that just adds another cloud of uncertainty and in anticipation of that uncertainty that causes management teams to appropriately seek cost containment. That's all.
Ari Bousbib: So again, this is a very -- we thought it would be helpful just because there's uncertainty. And you will recall that even in the -- at the peak of COVID, we decided to give you guidance early. And we're doing this because we hope that, that's helpful to you. Now it's an initial outlook based on where we are in our planning process. We have not completed that planning process. So I would caution you that this is, again, preliminary, and we will come back as is our custom when we release full year earnings early in '24 with detailed and precise guidance by segments, et cetera.  Just on your question, we are guiding to mid-single digit overall revenue growth. That includes $300 million of step-down from COVID and I think that's essentially are in R&DS. So if you added that back to our total revenues, that would be another couple of hundred basis points on top of that. And of course, we have -- we expect 100 basis points of foreign exchange headwinds assuming FX rate remains where they are today.  So when we say mid-single digits, that's really on a reported basis once you adjust for the COVID step-down and FX, it's more high single digits, which I'm sure you agree for and about $15 billion revenue company is quite an achievement in the current environment. With respect to segment growth, I think it's too early to give it to you. We obviously have an idea, but what should we -- I mean, I just gave it to you when we tell you that the COVID impact is 100% in R&DS, you could just assume that we are expecting -- is actually for now, assume about the same across the segments, that is mid-single digits, I would say, okay, before the COVID adjustment.
Ari Bousbib: Thank you, David. Look, I mean, the productivity initiatives I mentioned, not just in the third quarter, you will recall, we started this towards the end of last year. That's what has led us to be able to address the revenue shortfall and not completely bear the brunt of that reduction falling through EBITDA. We've been able to offset a lot of that headwind with those cost reduction programs. It takes time.  As you know, if we -- the actions that we took in Q3 are not going to be benefit in Q4, Q1, Q2 of next year. So we're possibly taking actions to restructure our overhead structure, to review our spans of control globally, to continue our offshoring programs to review our infrastructure footprint that includes real estate. It includes IT. It includes really all of that infrastructure that we need to run our business and all of those cost factors along with mix of the -- the proper mix of in-sourcing, outsourcing.  And as I mentioned, continued offshoring of certain activities and taking advantage of labor arbitrage among our different centers, whether it's in the Philippines, in India, in Bangladesh, in South America, et cetera, all of those things are being done on an ongoing basis, and we see the benefit in our margins this year. And the actions we took, for example, in the third quarter, the carryover benefit will materialize in Q4. So the -- and in following quarters during 2024. The reason we feel confident about a 50 basis point margin expansion in 2024 is because we see that it's the carryover of the actions we took this year that will benefit on a full year basis 2024. And of course, we don't intend to stop those actions selectively.
Ari Bousbib: Thank you, Justin, for your question. Yes, we are actively engaged with our customers to help them with their cost reduction programs. Look, we have to, we are a large vendor to large pharma across the board, clinical and TAS. And they come to us and ask us to help them. So we have an opportunity to do that. Obviously, it affects our revenue growth, that's primarily the case in TAS because that's where the pricing changes and the renegotiated terms impact us almost immediately, less so in R&DS, but mostly in TAS.  Now the opportunities, if you will, for us, is that in those conversations, we try to offer more services, that has always been the case. That's a traditional way of engaging with our clients when they seek our cost reductions. We try to capture a bigger share of their spend in exchange for being able to deliver those services at a lower price point. And so the benefit for us is longer term, we get a bigger piece as they give us more volume. We've seen that happen, frankly, on the commercial side and on the R&DS side, over the past 5, 6 years and certainly since the merger. And we certainly hope that, that will materialize, but it will take a couple of years to materialize because when clients need to switch vendors, it takes time to let the contract and convey them to us. Your next question was on the...
Ari Bousbib: It's about -- yes, about 100 basis points, yes. Again, that's the assumption for 2024 at this stage. Yes. That's what's baked in -- when we come back we'll give you formal guidance. This is really not guidance. It's really a preliminary look on where we are. Thank you, Justin.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. Thank you, Shlomo, for the question and -- but you need to clarify. Look, the TAS segment has continued to grow in the quarter. I mean, you know and you can look at the large cap companies that serve the life sciences industry with products and services, supporting post-drug introduction in the market and you can see that they almost uniformly are showing declining growth this year, and sharp declines in the quarter for those who have reported.  Now we continue to have growth. And the reason for that is because some of this stuff is longer term and is somewhat mission-critical. I'm speaking about data, the stuff that's technology licenses, subscription, recurring revenue, all of that continues as is, and that's what is enabling us to continue to deliver growth. However, the parts of our business that are more discretionary. And when I say discretionary, I don't mean to say that our clients may decide simply not to go ahead. It happens, but that's a small proportion of what we sell. It means that it can be done later. It means that it can be done in a different way, perhaps in a "slim-down version", less -- better than we thought.  And so the consulting and analytics part of our business, which as you know is a bad quarter of our revenues. It is showing sharp declines, sharper than we would have expected. Some of the projects have simply fallen off, but the pipelines are still there. That's what gives us confidence for a rebound in '24. We know that these projects have to be done. The clients are just taking a lot more time to make a decision. They are negotiating us a lot longer and a lot more aggressively. And this is what has happened.  This is -- I mentioned in my introductory remarks, a few examples of significant wins in TAS, and these are almost uniformly these types of projects. Helping clients launch a -- launch products in new markets, helping them with their go-to-market strategies. These are things that have to be done. And the project that we won in the quarter, frankly, some of those we should have won in the first quarter. They were in the pipeline since last year. So the decision time lines have expanded and the terms have been tougher. That's what has happened. I hope that color helps you.
Ari Bousbib: Thank you, Luke. Yes, you're absolutely correct that an FSP award comes at a lower booked margin than a full-service program. And you're also correct that this has -- is a cyclical development in the industry. I recall very well that at the time we did the merger 7 years ago, and coming into at the time, the legacy Quintiles organization, it was explained to me that the industry was now in the midst of a switch from full service to FSP. And as a result of which, Quintiles at the time had pulled back from servicing these clients because they didn't want to do FSP work given its lower margin profile.  I thought at the time there was a strategic error and we since then, of course, have decided to serve our clients with the full portfolio of services, including FSP and including full service and including hybrid and everything else. We serve clients. We don't push offerings. So if at this point in time, our clients are interested in more FSP or more hybrid models, that's what we will sell to them. It is then incumbent upon us to work on our cost structure to try to recover margins when we execute the work at a higher level than when we booked it out, and try to continue to develop cost containment and cost reductions so that we can offset the margin mix impact.  Look, we are a very large company we are executing thousands of trials at any given point in time. We manage a portfolio of businesses. Once again, we are about a $15 billion revenue company growing mid-single digits before your account for the step down in COVID revenue and the FX headwind. And we are at adjusted EBITDA margins of 24%, and we are expanding those margins. And we intend to continue that model well into the future despite cyclical headwinds that may occur, whether it is a tougher spending environment on the TAS side, whether it is a switch to FSP from some of our large pharma clients.  You saw in the quarter, again, $2.3 billion of services fee revenue, excluding pass-through bookings resulting in a book-to-bill of 1.4x, again, a historic high in our bookings. That included some FSP wins, again, not anything that would move the needle dramatically. But on a large number like this, you can see that we have less pass-throughs, that will materialize in our margin mix in the next couple of years, not next quarter, obviously, and we fully intend to offset that with our cost reductions and continue to increase our margins. Thank you for your question.
