Ari Bousbib: Yes. Thank you, Dave. Look, the environment from what we have been able to see over the past 1.5 years, two years has not changed. I know there have been rumblings about EBP funding on one hand and concerns about the impact of the IRA on the other hand. And it's true large pharma is evaluating the longer-term impact of the IRA and in that context, taking another look at their portfolio of studies, both in-flight and to come. And some of them reprioritized some of the studies. But fundamentally, our business has been sound, strong, growing sequentially every quarter. Our bookings have been beating record after record. So we really did not experience any tremor at all in the market on the R&DS side. And this quarter was just a continuation of what we had experienced. With respect to your second question about staffing and site start-up, attrition rates are back to pre-pandemic levels, which is about 10% to 12%. So, from our -- on our end, things are good. We continue to actively recruit and hire because we're growing organically at a very high rate. And therefore, we need the people to execute the work. So that recruiting is targeted at meeting the incremental demand. Obviously, there's always competition for talent. And right now, we have about 87,000 employees, and we continue to recruit thousands of people a year. So that's on our end. With respect to the site staffing issues, they saw -- frankly, we continue to see some staffing issues at some sites, but it's really, to a lesser degree than in prior, let's say, probably half a year or three quarters, and it's already dramatically reduced. So really, we are essentially getting back. I'm not going to say to 100% staffing levels at the site because there's still, again, are sporadic issues here and there, but it's not -- you're correct, it's not the severe issues we experienced perhaps six months or nine months ago. So it's much improved. Thank you, David.
Ari Bousbib: Okay. I don't think we disclosed by sub-segment, the margins, but it's very good margin, I think, put it this way. The consulting is good margin, and the analytics is also very strong margin. A lot of our analytics work is delivered out of offshore centers in Bangalore, in Manila. And we generate good margins. It's a lot of standardized work. We have workflows that we use in processes that over the years, we've refined. And that work -- when we say consulting, don't think McKenzie-type consulting. Consulting is really, again, a pricing market access study, a launch study, a sales force optimization study. So, these are operationally geared consulting services that our clients utilize to support often the launch of new drugs or the reprioritization of geographic markets or specific restructuring of their sales organization in certain geographies or in certain therapies, those types of projects. And it's not like they are not going to do them. Those must -- are must-do projects. But the environment, the climate, the higher interest rates has kind of put people on sort of on a hold pattern, if you will. The pipeline is there. No one is spending is. I am just not doing the project. And therefore, we would say, well, the prospects are lower. Now, we have -- the projects are still there, but the decision-making seems to be pushed to the right. We were hoping, frankly, up to two, three months ago that things would recover by now in terms of the decision-making and accelerate. And that's why we, frankly, we were hoping that we would get back to the 8%-or-so growth, higher single-digit growth for the TAS segment for the year. We were expecting a strong acceleration, but we haven't seen it materialize in the second quarter. And so as of now, based on what we've seen, I think it's prudent to say that this -- the type of growth rates we've seen for the segment as a whole, which is 6% organically at constant currency and not including the COVID impacts, it should be -- should continue the rest of the year. Thank you.
Ari Bousbib: All right. Sure. Of course, Eric. Thank you. So let's start with data, right the core of the business. That has not changed. I would say 90-plus percent of our business for the year on the data side is just locked in by the month of December for the following year. So there's no change there. That's recurring revenue, and not much has happened there. The level of discretion in terms of data by here for the clients is much less than the analytics and consulting segment that we were just discussing. For the faster-growing businesses, real world and commercial tech, now let's take the technology suites. It's not like the revenue is a reflection of the sales in the year. It's -- the revenue generated in technology is longer cycle, corresponds to technology awards from prior periods, from prior years. So nothing has changed there on the revenue side. There is cautiousness, similar to consulting and analytics, on the technology side in terms of new buys and new transitions. There's a number of dislocation in technology going on right now, by the way, both on the clinical side and on the commercial side, the main CRM competitor decided to change their platform. So as a result, clients are kind reviewing their technology decisions on the technology side. We've got new innovations. We've got the main competitors there, Medidata and others and Oracle, are launching a new suite. So, there is dislocation. So, because of that, clients are kind of taking their time to review decisions, but that's not impacting our revenue in year. On the real-world side, again, some of these are longer-term studies. There is a little bit, but again, I don't think that we've seen it affect our revenue year that much. A little bit of cautiousness and perhaps a little bit of delay on the late-phase real-world studies that we've seen. Again, I'm just giving you a really high-level commentary here on -- just to really scratch the business. But fundamentally, it is a 25% piece of the TAS segment, that's consulting and analytics, that's essentially down year-over-year by, I think, about 5%, if I recall. And so everything else is pretty much stable as expected.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah. And I think it was done towards the end of the quarter. I mean, I can tell you, so it's a company called Cognitive for which we paid almost $300 million, so clinical site network. As you know, as part of our strategy overall, we are -- we've been acquiring certain assets that have strong patient enrollment capability in specific therapies. So Cognitive is, in particular is strong in internal medicine, in CNS, in vaccines as well and has some large pharma customers. So, we -- the company is headquartered in Arizona. It's -- obviously, it's a significant multiple of revenue. But -- and we acquired that towards the end of the quarter. And we have a bunch of all smaller stuff over here, but that's the -- what else do we have here? We have a $36 million investment in a small--
Ari Bousbib: Right, right, right. It management organization, yes. That was in psychiatry and smoking cessation. So again, highly specialized site benefit organization we've done a couple this past quarter.
Ari Bousbib: Yes, yes -- no. So we had already -- we do have -- we had a network that we had started ourselves. But we -- you're correct. I don't think we -- I mean we bought maybe one other one last year, if I remember -- you're correct. Again, these are -- it's not like we are buying dozens of this, but there happens to be that coincidentally, we bought two in the quarter. And that's basically the bulk of the spend that you see there.
Ari Bousbib: Yes. And the question on the acquisition that we're trying to do that we -- really is, I think, about a year. You know that we have a strategy to continue to grow in the digital space. Our strategy remains intact. We've seen those merger guidelines. Look, I'm not going to comment on the pending litigation with the FTC because planning litigation. We continue to believe strongly that there is absolutely zero logic to blocking this transaction. But we are aware that there are a few novel theories that are being promoted by this administration of the FTC. And listen, administrations come and go. And we are not going to change our M&A strategy. We believe that we are still a very small player in a hugely massive digital promotional market. I mean you've got the Googles of this world, giants that also participate in this market. And we have a right to participate in this market. We are serving the life sciences industry and their needs. And our customers welcome that development and our ability to offer those services. We believe that this acquisition actually increases the degree of intensity of competition in this market and actually allows all other participants to counter the essential strong behemoths that dominate the digital space today. So we just simply do not understand the FTC's arguments, and I'll leave it at that.
Ari Bousbib: Thanks for the question, Luke. I'm not sure what you mean by R&DS coming back. I mean it's very strong. The R&DS segment is not experiencing any delays in decision-making that we can see, frankly. Again, we had another record quarter of bookings. Nothing's changed there. And our RFP flow, again, is at a record level. I could spend time giving you stats on the -- on our leading indicator metrics on the R&DS side, a qualified pipeline and the pipeline overall and so on are at a record high, and recontinue our sales activities as before, again, nothing -- no sign of delaying decision making on R&DS side. I want to be very clear on that. On the TAS segment and CSMS and again, it's largely affecting the consulting and analytics segment. And I would say almost exclusively, the issue is I can't quantify in month. I mean the stuff that's in our pipe that we've had since the end of last year. And here we are, August 1, and the clients on that specific opportunity still hasn't decided to -- everything is negotiated, and they know they have to do the study, but they could do the study next year. So. whatever clients -- on that side of the business, clients are basically saying to themselves, well, do I need to do this now? Or can I keep the can another few months? So. this stuff has been our pipeline six months, and we haven't taken it out because the client still is telling us that they want to do it. They just haven't signed yet. So, yes, I mean it's a bit in the time frame that you're talking about. It would have taken a month or two, and it's taking six months or more.
Ari Bousbib: It's really all over. Every client has -- it's hard to -- it weighs on everyone. Is there going to be a recession? Is there going to be a recession? Maybe we should delay the launch in Portugal. Maybe we should not look at our sales force now. If we do this next year, maybe that project that we were planning to do -- to evaluate whether we should adjust pricing in consideration of the IRA implications and so on, on this drug, in that market, in that therapy, we push it back. So it's not like I can give you a blanket answer. It's just the environment, the atmospherics are such that -- look, I'm sure someone is going to ask me a question, and I'm assuming it's going to be Shlomo, but our cash flow wasn't too special this past quarter and is the same thing. Why are large pharma companies that are sitting on massive piles of cash not paying their bills on time? Our collections are not where they should be. And it's just -- it's a high interest environment. So people tend to just find all kinds of reasons why there was a comma missing in an invoice, and therefore, we can't pay you and send me by the invoice in two weeks. It's just the environment. I don't have another answer.
Ari Bousbib: Thank you. So quickly on the real-world evidence, it's been double-digits for one and it's still strong double-digits. So nothing changed there. With respect to AI, we're obviously very excited by the opportunity. This is not new for us, right? I mean we've been working on this for a long time. We've invested since 2015, 2016, and we own the number of market-leading and proprietary AI software engines. We've dedicated AI/ML resources for a long time. And we are extremely well positioned. We apply AI in drug development, discovery, clinical development, safety, market access, medical affairs and, of course, in commercialization to inform promotional and sales and targeting activities. We are using AI in NLP processes, in translations of medical documentations and protocols. That's for the offering part of the business, if you will. On the internal side, we've applied AI to many of our own internal processes. For example, lead to cash, we -- really across a set of processes to create efficiencies operationally. So it is a great opportunity for us and has been for the past few years. Now, how do you use AI to gain competitive advantages? It helps optimize site identification based on the patient populations that we derive from our -- that we mine in our databases, helps optimize patient recruitment techniques based on data and analytical footprint. It helps optimize development -- drug development protocols. We can -- we have support -- it has built predictive enrollment models based on all the protocol criteria thresholds. You're familiar with the next best application in our OCE suite, which leverages the know-how and the historical data to create predictive models of engagement with customers. We've also been developing a novel biomarker database with IQVIA's own natural language processing tools. We've used it in Alzheimer's studies to have an early identification and recruitment of patients with most likely to develop Alzheimer's. A lot of activities, frankly, to expand patient pathways. So if you look into -- I'm sure it's somewhere in our websites or literature, we have over 150 patent pending methodologies and algorithms, more than 30 predictive data disease models, more than 300 life science-specific analytical libraries, I mean I could go on and on. We've got a lot of stuff here on proprietary material in AI. Now this whole buzz around generative AI, as people are finding out, it's not so easy to apply and actually derive precise and relevant insights. And I'm looking forward to presenting why even using -- and by the way, we are working with -- everyone has announced significant generative AI applications and models because it's really -- as always, it's -- if you don't have access to the business rules and to the relevant content, you're going to come up with what they call hallucinations. And we've tried it and we are working with partners -- with technology partners, and it's very clear that we have the sauce internally here that would enable those large language model tools to be a lot more effective and accurate and precise than what they are today in the world of life sciences, where they basically only have access to what's available on the Internet or on public sources. That's why I can say now, but again, it's a very exciting development. Obviously, we are very busy leveraging internally. And there was a question earlier on margins and margin expansion, and it's one of the several initiatives that is helping us generate margin expansion.
Ari Bousbib: Okay, okay. Yes. I mean, look, I don't know what to say here. It's just not the same planet, the only way I can put it. The scale, the global presence in over 100 countries, the level of granularity, the infrastructure -- the IT infrastructure to process, cleanse, cure, connect all that data on a global basis, the business rooms. I mean look at health care, data is chaos. It's -- you can have as much data as you want. If you don't understand it and connect it and cleanse it and know what you're dealing with, it's not really relevant. We have data on about 1.4 billion...
Ari Bousbib: 1.2 billion patients. And that -- I don't think there's anyone that has anything resembling what we have. I mean I just don't know what it's like.
Eric Coldwell: Thank you very much. I had the same question as Anne, and I just wanted to follow up on that. The way we think about TAS is for us broadly defined sub-segments, data, analytics, consulting, real-world evidence and technology. I'm curious, did any of this cautiousness or sluggishness, did it expand beyond the analytics and consulting side? What are the growth trends in data, real-world evidence, tech any nuances or changes there? And then I have one quick follow-up, if I might. Thank you.
Eric Coldwell: Yeah, Mike. Thank you for the follow-up. I know you don't tend to get into details on M& A in the quarter with -- typically, these are smaller companies, sometimes higher revenue multiples. But I did notice $426 million, I believe, spent on acquisitions this quarter. I was hoping to get some sense of directionally what that might have been.
Eric Coldwell: So you are starting to follow the path of what PPD and ICON have done in prior years with moving into the opening up the marketplace for actually being a hybrid SMO, but probably still at a very small scale, I would assume.
