Ari Bousbib: Yeah. Thanks, Shlomo. Look, I wouldn't read much into the tweaks in the guidance. It's -- we review all of our business unit forecast and we build all that up and it falls wherever it falls. The FX is slightly more favorable than it was last time we reported. So that kind of is driving a little bit in aggregate, the higher -- a little bit higher on revenue. Again, I wouldn't read much there. EBITDA, it's -- whatever the mix of business fell, okay? When you have a little bit more of certain offerings than others. And as a result, we've got the margin fell whatever it fell. But look, we're still delivering margin growth and even -- I mean, yeah, I see what you mean. I mean, frankly, I didn't even -- we don't focus on that. These are small tweaks, and I wouldn't -- it could vary again next quarter. So there is nothing other than wherever the mix of business fell, frankly. We're still delivering at this level, what's the margin expansion here, about 30 basis points at the midpoint and 50 at the high end. So that's very strong given the markets we've been navigating here from the -- for the first half. And on the EPS, I think it's largely better control of CapEx, which, in turn, more favorability on D&A. And so, it's below the line basically. That drives the EPS -- the higher point on EPS. Again, these are tweaks. I wouldn't pay much -- I wouldn't draw much conclusion on that.
Ari Bousbib: A good question. I did talk about this and -- in the past, and there is no change there. It is true. Again, I mentioned in my introductory remarks, it's not like we've, all of a sudden, moved to a different bullish environment, clients, large pharma to focus on that segment first. It has announced, I mean, there is barely a large pharma company that has not announced a massive cost cutting program, multi-billion dollars, and often that comes first with a review of their procurement practices and their vendors and we are a top vendor to pharma. So there's no surprise here. What I said before is still valid. Those budgetary constraints persist, the cautiousness persists and, of course, we -- it's not like we can price whatever we want. Now clients still need to do some projects, many of them had been postponed and delayed. We see that improving. Our decision timeline had started to improve and now they have improved more dramatically. They're not where they were before this whole cautiousness begun. But they have improved significantly, which is why we feel more confident with the forecast. Pricing, yeah, I mean, look, large pharma clients are more disciplined in their spending and therefore, it's a tougher fight out there in terms of negotiations, no question about that. And it's true in TAS and it's true in R&DS, frankly. At the same time, you've got -- on the R&DS side, on the CRO side, you get really an industry that has kind of segmented itself in a way with three large players and a bunch of smaller ones, including some who are, sometimes desperate for business and becoming more undisciplined with respect to how they go about approaching their bids and so on and so forth and, obviously, clients, fully take -- you can expect clients fully taking advantage of that. So again, the answer to your question is pricing continues to be tough for all the reasons I just mentioned, both on the commercial and on the R&DS side. We, of course, respond with continued increase in our productivity programs, cost containment programs, as well as a lot of deployment of AI within our own operations. Those things take time, obviously, there is always a lag when we implement these solutions before we can get the full benefit. But that's what's happening on pricing. Thank you, David.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah. You mean within TAS, the different segments. Look, I mean the data business continues the same and there's no news there and the rest of the business has become -- begun to improve. Sequentially, we've seen improvements everywhere. Year-over-year, in aggregate, it's up. Again, excluding COVID and FX, the rest of the business, as you know, data is low-single digits, flattish, and the rest of the business, in aggregate, has started to grow mid to high-single digits overall. Real world, I would say, in particular -- real world, in particular, has picked up significantly this past quarter.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah. I mean, look, this fluctuates, first of all, I mean the reported revenue and even after excluding COVID and FX is -- sometimes it's hard to predict exactly where pass-throughs are going to come in. And so, some of that quarterly fluctuation, if you will, is pass-through the weeks of pass-throughs. That's essentially what we see this -- what we saw this quarter and probably next quarter and then on rebounding for the fourth quarter. But basically of R&DS, we see a growth exactly where we forecasted it at the beginning of the year, which is in the -- after you adjust for COVID and at constant-currency in the 7% plus percent range. With respect to the mix of products -- of our offerings, as you know, we do have a disproportionate share of the oncology programs out there. Again, not surprising. The critical decision factors here are therapeutic expertise and the ability to enroll patients, which is where our unique capabilities with data analytics and AI solutions come in. And as a result, the mix of our bookings and in our backlog continues to increase towards those more complex studies in oncology as well as rare diseases. So the burn rate is largely influenced by that. You can see, by the way, that this is a trend in the industry. If you look at the burn rate for our competitors, and they are also going down. Now in the first quarter, the first-quarter backlog burn was 7%, is that what I recall was 7% and Q2 backlog burn was about the same, a little bit higher, 7.1%. And for the balance of the year, we're expecting it to be very similar. We are encouraged that the next 12 months' bookings are up. I think, we say, it's -- next 12 months' booking -- next 12 months' revenue from backlog is $7.8 billion. That's up from what we reported first quarter in my recollections is growing, was it $7.3 billion? Yeah. It's up $7.3 billion last -- and then this quarter $7.8 billion, that's about 6.9% up. So we feel confident in our back -- in our conversion and is consequently on our burn of projects and revenue growth in the balance of the year and next year.
Ari Bousbib: Thank you, Max. I'm just -- we are laughing here because when did 1.3 become the benchmark? I mean, I know we reported amazing over 1.3 book-to-bill ratios in the past couple of years, largely because of the COVID studies and so on. But we're very happy with 1.27, we're happy with 1.2. We are happy with these book-to-bills. They are very, very strong. And you're talking about a rebound in bookings. We had excellent bookings. I don't know what -- we are happy with this performance. There's no rebound. It's very good. I think the bookings we reported this quarter are the first -- third highest ever, right. So I'm not sure what the question is with respect to bookings. Did you ask about conversion as well or no, I'm sorry, I didn't…
Ari Bousbib: No. I mean, we see overall TAS in the second half in the 6% to 7% range at constant currency, okay? That's what we see after -- obviously, businesses are rolling up their forecasts and they are always higher than that, but we take some contingency, we evaluate the environment and we discount that and that's where we are now in the 6% to 7% range, in aggregate. And you could make the assumptions yourself, you could see that in order to get to that. If 30% of the business is essentially flattish, that's the data. So the 70% has to grow in the high-single-digits in aggregate in order to get us to those numbers. So that's where we see the forecast. And we feel, I should add, very confident based on the leading indicators that we look at.
Ari Bousbib: No. Not high-teens. No. Maybe could be low-teens, but high-single to low-teens for the real world. Exactly. Thank you.
Ari Bousbib: Well, thank you. First of all, it's not like the market is rebounding. I mentioned before that client cautiousness and budgetary discipline continues especially at large pharma. It's not -- didn't go away. But what we did say before was that within the portfolio of offerings that we have, there are certain things that are mission-critical for our clients. And what happened last time -- last year at this time is that we expected those things to happen and they were pushed to the right, okay? They were delayed. We said all along that at some point those things have to be done. And that is what is happening now, and what we see happening in the second half. So it's not like the market overall has grown is that the segments of the market that are -- must-do for our clients are finally happening, and they will be happening in the second half. So that's number one for the market. So from that sense, you could say that the market is a little better in the sense that the clients are willing to spend that money, but, again, I mentioned before, the negotiations are tougher. So to answer the second part of your question, what we are doing differently here is, obviously, being more responsive to our client needs. We are being more accommodating with their terms and we are commercially being more aggressive to make sure that we actually do win those projects that the markets are putting out there, the clients are putting out there for bid.
Ari Bousbib: Thank you. It's true. It's true broadly. Obviously, the mission-critical stuff is mission-critical and needs to be done. So yeah, that is improving the overall average, but even -- I would say, even for the rest, I think we've seen improved decision-making. Faster timelines. Thank you.
Ari Bousbib: Thank you. Well, look, I don't think the election has much influence on the day-to-day decision-making with respect to launching of drugs. And in order to response to the second part of your question, the answer is yes. Those approvals, obviously, it's not common for a client to decide that they're not going to launch a drug that's been approved. So -- and there is usually a six months to -- six months to nine months’ time lag before that leads to -- between the approval and the time at which the drug is actually launched, and the work associated with it comes to us, so not much. This was delayed a little bit longer versus what it should have been and some of these projects that should have happened earlier this year are happening in the second half of the year. Again, no surprises here. Thank you.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah. You want to answer that anyone here? I mean, look, first of all, there is recovery in TAS. We just talked about it at length in the past few questions. So that's understandable. Secondly, the compare is more favorable. We had a deterioration in the fourth quarter last year. It was the lowest quarter of the year, last year. And we said all along that there would be a mirror image in '24 versus '23, that is the first quarter will resemble the fourth quarter, the second quarter will resemble the third quarter, etc. So we do see fourth quarter up. But -- and it's not unusual by the way, there is a seasonality in Q4 that you can go back many years. It's always the case that Q4 is much stronger. So these are the three reasons; one, recovery in TAS accelerating; two, compares; and three, seasonality, which is not surprising. Anything else, guys, you want to…
Ari Bousbib: Yeah. Thank you so much. Yeah. So look, we said all along that it will be -- acquisition would contribute to a better point to our growth this year. And we wish we would do more acquisitions, but valuations continue to be high and we are -- we have a big pipeline, but it's not always the case that we are able to close. So far for the year, it's a little bit more than a point and it's a little bit more entire than in RDS, but that's it. And look, just -- we haven't spent much so far, but we hope to spend more in the second half and we'll see what happens. Yeah.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah. No. I mean, look, I mentioned in my commentary and we've said this every quarter in the past few quarters, and it's just not a secret. The world knows that large pharma -- largely in response to the IRA and hypothetical impacts down the line. Large pharma has been reprioritizing their programs. And they've taken off-the-shelf some programs that they felt were either too competitive with other existing drugs or that didn't have the same risk-return profiles that they had assumed pre-IRA when those programs were launched. So as a result of that, there have been a little bit more cancellations than usual really for the past few quarters. I think, in general, look, we don't tell you what the cancellations are. We report the net bookings. Our average quarterly cancellations are in the $0.5 billion range that has been the case for a long time and that's kind of $500 million plus or minus, whatever, $100 million to $200 million. So some quarters it's less. It could be $300 million or $400 million, some quarters, it could be more $600 million to $700 million or more. Most of these cancellations are $10 million, $15 million, $20 million, $25 million programs. That last quarter, because it was well-publicized and because it was a huge one-time number, we chose to let you know about it. We had had questions. Everyone knew that we were the ones doing that program and pre-call, we had had questions. So we decided to let you know about it. Yes, that's what it was. It was -- I don't remember the exact number in the quarter $4 billion in one shot. But that could happen. We have no -- companies are now usually when they terminate a program. It's partly this reprioritization that I just discussed and sometimes it's simply because of the data. And in the case of the program that we disclosed last quarter, it wasn't a reprioritization, it was simply that the data wasn't supporting a continuation of the program, and essentially the program failed as it often happens in this industry.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah. I don't think I can give you much more color than that. It's just what the chips fail, okay? So [Technical Difficulty] and I know that this would have attracted two questions. We would have to look at it again at this range, it's just -- we just build up our forecast and that's where the most appropriate range fell. It could be also -- we did a little bit more acquisitions this quarter and generally, acquisitions come in at very low margin in the first year. So that could have impacted. It's not a big different number, frankly. So in the grand scheme of things. So I can't give you much more color than that.
Ari Bousbib: I think they liked our solution better. I think it gave them more ability to achieve their goals. I can't go into the details of the program, and that's -- yeah, they just like it better. Thank you.
Ari Bousbib: Yeah. I -- you came -- the line came across not a little bit blurry, but if I understand you asked about capital deployment and acquisitions. Look, you saw that our cash flow performance was actually very strong in the quarter and that obviously helped continue to reduce our leverage. I think we have on a 12-month trailing basis, we ended the quarter at 3.25 times EBITDA, which is very good. I remind you, we were not too long ago in the high 4s, and we said that we were continuing to deliver naturally as EBITDA grows. Acquisitions, yeah, we would -- look, our long-term guidance always contemplates a couple of points of contribution from acquisitions to continue to boost our top line. So far, we've been able to do just over a point. Obviously, we have a rich pipeline and it's hard for me to predict what acquisition will be the second half or in the years to come. It's a binary outcome. So I don't know. I'm not sure if that was your question, but that's what I heard.
Ari Bousbib: Thank you. Well, look, first of all, when there is a timeline between funding and -- on RFP and then the timeline between an RFP and a booking. So if -- this is a business that has long cycles. So it's good that we have just as we were cautioning you not to panic when funding declines, and we said it's not going to affect us for a while. We don't get excited because funding this quarter was very strong. Yeah. It's good for our midterm and long-term prospects, but it's not like it's going to affect the mix. Also, we have a very large backlog, the largest in the industry. And it's not going to meaningfully change the mix of what we do in the next few quarters and what's large pharma, what's EBP, what's full-service versus what FSP. But you are correct that the more EBP, the more full-service, and that certainly helps mitigate the recent trend we've seen where, as we discussed in the past, large pharma has been swinging the pendulum a little bit more towards FSP as it has happened many times in the history of this industry. So you are correct, from that standpoint, that -- as more EBP funding is there, there'll be more EBP work in the quarters to come. And therefore, when that backlog converts into revenue, there'll be a higher mix of full-service versus FSP relative to what it is now. Thank you.
