Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, Bryan, first of all, we are not expecting a dramatic change in the macro backdrop and so we continue to plan our business accordingly. We're focused on what we can control. So we're going to continue to focus on our cost structure and making sure that our investments are being laser-focused on the places where we think we can get the best returns. That algorithm is working well for us, and we will continue to deploy that algorithm as we look into 2017. So we're not going to give you any guidance today, but I will tell you our playbook is going to look quite similar, where we're going to continue focus on our Power Brands and focus in those places for investment that we think we can get the best return while continuing to streamline our cost structure to drive our margin expansion. As we think about the fourth quarter, we are not expecting a real change in the base momentum of our business today, but we have a number of incremental initiatives that we talked about in the course of the conversation here. We're continuing the roll-out of China chocolate. We launched it in late Q3 and we'll get a benefit in Q4 and into 2017 from that roll-out. We'll start to benefit from the initial shipments related to our chocolate launch in the U.S. behind the Oreo and Green & Black's trademarks, as I mentioned. We're repatriating our Nabisco brands, particularly Ritz, Oreo, and Premium in Japan. That will be incremental to our base. So all of those actions, on top of our base momentum, is what gives us confidence that we will see some improvement in momentum as we exit the year.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: We don't see anything structural. There's no question in some of these markets, given our strong market positions, we have an obligation to fuel that growth of the category, and that's why we're continuing to make investments, we're continuing to focus our innovation pipeline on the launch of well-being products like GOOD THiNS and that is helping to stimulate market growth. But overall, the major factor is the macroeconomic backdrop, which clearly has a dampening effect on consumer demand.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, certainly from a magnitude standpoint, China's the world's second largest economy so we feel very good about, very bullish, about the launch of chocolate in China. We have had very strong results from our launch of gum in China. It's over $200 million business today. We only launched it two years ago or so. So that's probably the biggest. But the U.S. is the largest chocolate market in the world, and we think we're well positioned with a mainstream offering in terms of the Oreo chocolate and then a premium offering under the Green & Black's trademark. That will be offered both online and in e-commerce, and we have – we think those can be sizable additions to the portfolio. So those would be the two biggest on the incremental side. And then certainly, as we enter 2017, we'll share with you our innovation pipeline for 2017, but we've got some very strong contributors there as well.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No, it's playing out pretty much the way we had thought, Chris. We're spending about 9% of revenue, and given the market conditions, we're being quite selective in where we spend that money and certainly within the mix we're paying a lot of attention to making sure that we're spending behind our Power Brands and the places we can we think we can get the best return. And within A&C, we're putting a lot more emphasis on advertising rather than consumer promotion. And within advertising, we're shifting more to digital around the world. So, net, is the mix of that spending is looking a little different. The magnitude of the spending is essentially what we thought, at about 9% of revenue, and you will see that play through into the fourth quarter as well.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: The other thing I'd say, Matthew, is just like in A&C, we're continuing to distort those investments to the places where we think we can get the best return. So most of our Lines of the Future are for our Power Brands, which, year-to-date, are growing over 3% in excess of our categories. And so, that's the reason why we will continue to disproportionately focus our attention and our investments on those Power Brands, because they are inherently advantaged. And as we then start to produce them on Lines of the Future, they're even more advantaged.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No, I would say, those are the two most pronounced. And again, we're continuing to see the reality that that investment does not necessarily stimulate category growth. And so, over time, we are continuing to invest in the underlying equity of our franchises, even in those markets, because that is really the way to drive long-term category growth. Particularly in markets like our emerging markets, one of the benefits of our supply chain reinvention, aside from recapitalizing onto or capitalizing onto more efficient assets is the flexibility that they give us to be able to make packages of different sizes. And that's been an important tool in our arsenal as we seek to make sure that we're providing adequate value on our brands. So that's how we're managing it. And, again, I think as you see the results, we're starting to see vol/mix. We're pleased to see vol/mix playing a more important role and a positive role, both in this quarter and then certainly as we look at the full year.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: As we think about the chocolate support, Alexia, we're just turning on the support in China right now, as I mentioned, we're just shipping the bulk of our inventory into our customers. The U.S. support is actually going to be more into 2017. I'm not going to tell you exactly when because I think our competitors would love to know the answer to that. But it is a big piece of our plan for next year, and an important part of our confidence about the incrementality of the opportunity.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Mostly, David – facts are a very powerful thing, and so as we go to our customers with the data on ROI related to the spending with them, we have a much easier conversation, a much better story, and we're working together because both of us want to get better returns for the money that's being invested. So it's actually making for a much more robust conversation. And as Brian said, we're really getting a lot of learning as we get into this.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: We actually think, Steven, a lot of it is under our control. Historically, the category has benefited from our innovation and from the muscle of our DSD selling organization. And we're – we believe that continuing to innovate, support the franchises, and leverage our DSD muscle is going to allow us to get that category growing again. So we've got a sizable amount of continued A&C investment. We're continuing to innovate behind ideas like GOOD THiNS and belVita Bites and Chips Ahoy! Thins, which are driving some very nice incremental growth. And good programming with our retail partners. And so together, we would expect that to help bring that category back to a more robust rate of growth.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: So, Rob, we still are getting good pricing, not as much as we were able to in the emerging markets, but the truth of the matter is that our revenue growth in the emerging markets, as Brian mentioned, were up about 2%. About five points of that is pricing. And so we're continuing to get pricing in these markets. As I mentioned earlier, we're looking to be a lot smarter in how we execute that pricing, looking much more to use price pack architecture, smaller sizes, economy sizes to deliver that pricing. And so, we're still getting pricing. The facts are, if you look at our margin performance for our emerging markets, we're getting up to the level of our peers. There continues to be an important component of overhead scale leverage there, so that it's critical for us to fuel the growth there to be able to leverage and amortize that infrastructure. And certainly in our developed markets, we're – in Europe, I think we're probably among the top of our peer group. In the U.S., we're getting much more in that top quartile. So, I think our margins, overall, in aggregate we've made sizable margin expansion, 220 basis points in the quarter, 260 basis points year-to-date. And it's coming from a balance of the work that we're doing in both our developed and our emerging markets. And, again, pricing is – we feel quite confident in our ability to price smartly in these emerging markets, and the results you're seeing reflect that.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Very good question, and that's exactly what our intent is, is a lot of the tools that are our Asian team is using are available in our other regions. We start with EEMEA is inheriting some of the business. We announced that we're breaking up our EEMEA region, putting some of the business into Asia Pacific and some of the business into Europe, and that will inherently give us much more leverage on the Middle Eastern business and the Africa business and the Eastern Europe business. That is a part of that. So that will help actually both Europe and Asia Pacific, and basically we'll see progress there. With respect to Latin America, a lot of the tools that we're using, the base productivity shifting our product mix, very disciplined focus on overheads are the same tools that we're using and those will continue to be available in Latin America. And we're going to use those as we continue our margin expansion there. So the work that we've done in – we're very pleased with the progress we've made in Asia Pacific. A lot of it is using the very same tools that we've used elsewhere in the world, zero-based budgeting, focusing on streamlining our overheads, as Brian mentioned, moving to shared services which actually will start to affect the emerging markets more in a more pronounced way as we head into 2017. So we see the opportunities in our other emerging market geographies, similar to what we've done in Asia Pacific. But we're very pleased with the performance in Asia Pacific.
Brian T. Gladden: In Latin America, it was fairly significant, it represents – and it'll be laid out in the Q, I think we give the dollars, actually. It's in the range of $30 million – $35 million of benefit for the VAT settlement. But the margins otherwise in LA [Latin America] were actually up year-over-year, excluding that. So there's good progress on that productivity as well as overheads in Latin America.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah. Yeah, it does. I mean, it was never contemplated. I mean, we always assumed zero in our guidance for mark-to-market and then you get quarter-to-quarter volatility, and then sometimes year-over-year, obviously, volatility. Year-to-date, it basically creates 30 basis points of favorability by excluding mark-to-market, so it's been a headwind of 30 basis points. The timing, I would say, Andrew, I mean, it's something we've been looking at and benchmarking. I think – we thought about the timing. The reality was it was relatively minor in the quarter, relatively minor for the year. As we think about places where we're putting hedges on for longer periods of time, it just got to the point where the volatility has increased over time. It has been more pronounced over the last year or so. And it just seemed like the right time to do it.
Brian T. Gladden: No, look, I think – so, it was 30 basis points in the quarter. It's up 110 basis points year-to-date. It will continue, Andrew, to be a big driver of margin expansion delivery for us, and feel good about the supply chain reinvention plans. Net productivity execution continues to be very strong. We gave you a range for how we're executing there. And I would just say we continue to see a lot of runway into 2018 and beyond with the supply chain and gross margins. So there were several areas where we invested trade spending, adjusted pricing, really trying to balance growth in margin, given competitive environment. Over time, as our algorithm, as we've said, we think we can manage pricing net of commodities to the point with where we can drop through productivity and allow pricing net of commodities to be about flat. But that'll be over time and it won't be linear. It will vary quarter-to-quarter. I think that's what you're seeing. Feel good about the overall margin delivery, offset some of the gross margin challenge with SG&A, and delivered. We're up year-to-date 260 basis points on OI. So we tend to think about it that way. It will vary, it will be a little bit lumpy and we feel good about the execution on supply chain.
Brian T. Gladden: That's what we've been saying, Chris. I think that's still true. We are continuing our work on trade optimization and learning more there. I think we still have opportunity there. It will be a little bit of a headwind. SKU reductions and overall pruning, I think, has tailed off a bit, pardon the pun. But it ultimately is one where I think we're in a position where that will be a smaller impact as we head into next year and we'll update you on that in February.
Brian T. Gladden: And, Chris, when you look at the magnitude of the white space launches, whether it's chocolate in China or the U.S., or even Japan, I mean, those are places that are going to require some incremental investment as we head into the fourth quarter. So that's one of the drivers as we talk about the incremental investment in Q4.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, Matthew, I would just say, it is a challenge, it is something that we, obviously, are dealing with. And you heard me call it out in region performance, and it's affected Latin America and EEMEA, most recently in the last quarter, the volume leverage. But I would just tell you that the supply chain team is adapting the plans. We've pulled CapEx, as we talked to you about in September; that was volume-related out in many cases, redeployed that in additional programs that are more focused on getting cost out and delivering the benefits. So I think it's – yeah, it's a pressure, but I would tell you that our team is reacting, and we're refocusing the plans where we can see the benefits.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, I'll take the first part. I think gross margins in general, currency this year has been a bigger impact for us than commodity. That's forced us, in some cases, to price, and that's created some of the challenges we've talked about in a couple of the emerging markets. But I would say, for the most part, it's moderated. The UK continues to be a bit of an outlier with the recent Brexit impact, and we're working our way through that. We're pretty balanced, though, as you look at the UK, as I said, in the second quarter, our exposure on the transaction basis in the UK is balanced, given we have production. Quite a bit of our supply comes out of the UK and is based in local currency. So for the most part, that's not as significant as you might expect. We do also then buy a lot of our cocoa in British pounds and that as well has created a bit of a cushion for us in other parts of the global business. So that said, cocoa in the recent weeks and even a couple of months has actually inflated a bit in U.S. dollars. And if that persists, that will be a challenge for us as we move forward, we'll have to monitor and manage that as we move into 2017. But I think, for the most part, in gross margin we've done a reasonable job this year balancing the impact of transactional currency and pricing appropriately in key markets.
Brian T. Gladden: I think the simple answer, I mean, clearly it's a year where we're maxing restructuring spending. This is the peak year along with last year and next year that will begin to go down, Jason. That's probably the biggest. We have said at least $1.4 billion; I think we're encouraged with the progress. We're a bit above our own expectations on cash conversion cycle year-to-date. So we'll see how it plays out in the fourth quarter. As you know, it's a big load of cash that comes in in the fourth quarter given the linearity of the business. So we'll see. But we're feeling good about it. And as I said, cash conversion cycle's ahead of plan, even our internal plans.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, based on all we know, I mean, we're saying about 20% (39:20) for the quarter. It implies something in the low- to mid- 20%s (39:24) for the fourth quarter. We haven't changed our long-term guidance which is in the mid- 20%s (39:29). And I think that's just, over time, the mix of business evolves and some tax statutes expire that have given us a bit of an advantage. So we'll manage it. You have discrete items. We had a significant number of discrete items in the quarter around the U.K. and Europe and in Latin America – more than we would typically have – that drove the lower rate. So nothing's really changed, I would say, Jason.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, again, I break it into the three pieces. I mean, the SKU rationalization and pruning, and in some ways walking away from very low margin business. Obviously, that's helped us contribute to the margin expansion. It's been an element of that margin progress. Revenue management itself and the trade optimization piece of that, I would say, we're still making progress in the early phases of that. We're focused on 10 markets where the majority of our revenue is. And the majority of our trade spending, we've resourced it appropriately. We're finding opportunities to spend our dollars more effectively. To be honest, we're finding opportunities to actually grow revenue by appropriately allocating those dollars and distorting those dollars. The analytics have proven to be incredibly powerful, and the centralization and aggregation of that data is very powerful. So I think that will continue to be something that we resource and build into our plans for next year. It is mixed. It will have some pressure on revenue in some markets, and as I said, with the optimization of promotional spend, we can actually see upside in revenue and margin. But as I said in the earlier question, the pruning and SKU rationalization related to supply chain reinvention is, I would say, it's diminishing. It's getting smaller. So as we head into next year – and you asked about the trend, I think it will be less of a negative impact for next year.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, we're seeing that, David. And there, clearly, are some areas where we have low hanging fruit. I would say, the developing markets, the emerging markets which still have a fair amount of trade spend, that's where it's toughest, because the data is hardest to get at. But some of the more developed markets – what you're saying makes sense, we're going to find areas of distorting spend and moving it to the right places, improves the ROI and could be in that positive on the top-line.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, I guess, Steven, I'd go back. I mean, when we talked, I guess it was at CAGNY, we said longer term the biggest lever from here to our targets in 2018 is really gross margin. We would say that's still true. The work that we're doing, the line of sight we have, the programs in place, getting to the Lines of the Future targets we talked about – we're at 50 today and we've still got more to do. That's absolutely where we're headed. I would say, in the short-term, the trend you're seeing right now is probably more consistent with what you'll see, that it'll be a mix. It will be – no one quarter is going to be easy to sort of predict, and we're not going to provide that level of granularity. But I think you'll see more SG&A and a little bit less on the gross margin in the fourth quarter.
Brian T. Gladden: And there's a bit of a structural question around – as you look at the initiatives, the transformation work, whether it's supply chain reinvention, whether it's shared services, I mean, we sequence a lot of that activity and effort on the larger opportunities in the developed markets. So they're a bit behind in terms of executing on transformation, some of that margin expansion opportunity is still to come. And, as you know, we've invested, in many cases, ahead of the growth and we've chose to stick with those investments and count on the fact that those emerging markets will come back and be a nice lever for us when growth returns.
