Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Shep, and good morning. Q3 was a good quarter on both the top and bottom lines. Organic net revenue 2.8% fueled marginally by the strength of our Power Brands improving momentum in emerging markets and strong performance in Europe. We estimate that our top-line results included a benefit of approximately 60 basis points associated with recovery from the malware incident as we recaptured some delayed shipments from the end of Q2. Of course, we had some challenges in the quarter from hurricanes, earthquakes and the India GST, but they netted out to a very small number. On the bottom line, we delivered another quarter of strong adjusted operating income margin expansion and double digit adjusted EPS growth. We're pleased with the underlying growth drivers. Our Power Brands grew 3.8%, significantly outpacing the category with Milka and Cadbury Dairy Milk in chocolate and Oreo and belVita in biscuits performing especially well. Emerging markets grew 4.8% including positive volume growth. Key markets have fueled revenue growth included India, Russia and Mexico. We think sequential acceleration in emerging market category growth consistent with our view that these markets are generally improving and we’re well positioned to win as conditions continue to improve. Developed markets grew 1.6%, led once again by Europe. Our performance in chocolate was strong across nearly all of our largest markets in the region. For example, in Germany, we expanded market share on a year-to-date basis with distribution gains and the solid performance of Milka. And in the UK, our Cadbury sponsorship of the Premier League also drove strong share gains. Our growth strategies continue to gain traction. We're contemporizing our core by distorting resources behind our Power Brands and by upgrading the well being credentials of our portfolio. Our belVita brand continues to be a standout. It’s growing mid single digits globally driven by our base breakfast biscuits as well as impactful line extensions like belVita Protein and belVita Bites. RITZ Crisp & Thins with all the taste and half the fat of the leading potato chip is taking share and exceeding our expectations. We’re also increasing our presence in convenience stores. Thanks to our more flexible price pack architecture. And we successfully launched a new savory snack brand, Véa, during the quarter. We're off to a good start as we ramp up distribution. We continue to make good progress as we fill geographic white spaces. Milka Oreo chocolate in the U.S. is performing well and we recently expanded our offerings to include Milka Oreo mint. The repatriation of our Nabisco brand in Japan is also going well as we recently launched Oreo THiNS and new RITZ sandwich biscuits. And in China, our Milka brand has established a solid beachhead in the chocolate market in its first year. Finally, we continue to drive sales and channel ubiquity for our iconic brands with especially strong progress in e-commerce. Across the globe, we delivered net revenue growth of more than 40% fueled by key markets like China and the U.S. In fact our U.S. e-commerce net revenues have grown more than 70% year-to-date and our China e-commerce business grew at twice the growth rate of the online market. These strong results reinforce our belief in the importance and future potential of e-commerce as the key snacking channel and we've taken the necessary steps to capitalize on that opportunity. Before I turn the call over to Brian, let me comment briefly on North America, which is our only region performing below expectations. We're pleased to have returned North America to positive growth in the quarter and we're making progress in addressing the challenges we’ve discussed previously including recovery from the malware incident. Importantly, we're encouraged by the momentum on some of the strategic initiatives that I mentioned earlier including Milka Oreo chocolate and the rollout of our pipeline of wellbeing innovations and renovations. Additionally, we continue to see our direct store delivery system as a competitive advantage and expect the benefits of this system to play out more clearly in the coming months. That said we have more work to do for this region to deliver its full potential. We look forward to the arrival of Glen Walter next month. Gradually just named as the North America Region President brings an impressive track record of building brands and driving growth in North America and internationally. His operating and sales background has prepared him well to lead our North American business. As we hand the reigns over to Glen, I’d like to take a moment to thank Tim Coffer, who graciously served as Interim President over the past six months in addition to his role as Chief Growth Officer. Tim and his team has significant strengthened the business fundamentals and positioned it for future growth. Let me now turn it over to Brian to provide more detail on the financials.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks Brian. For the past three months, we've been preparing for a smooth transition as Dirk Van de Put takes over as CEO next month. Dirk has already been engaged in our 2018 financial planning process, and over the next few weeks, he'll be spending time getting immersed in the business as he begins working with our management team, our board and other key stakeholders. And of course, we expect our strategic planning process will be a key focus for Dirk in the first half of 2018. It's hard to believe that earlier this month marked the 5-year anniversary of Mondelez International. I'm very proud of the company we built and the shareholder value we've delivered over that time. I'm pleased to see the macro environment and the underlying business momentum beginning to improve, and I'm confident that Dirk and the team will build on this momentum to take our company to the next level. It's been a privilege to have created and led this great company and a pleasure to have worked with all of you over the years. I especially want to thank my partner, Brian Gladden, and the rest of my leadership team as well as my 90,000 colleagues around the world for your passion, your hard work and your tireless commitment to our company in the exceptionally challenging environment over the past few years. Through it all, you kept your eyes on the prize, and I truly believe the best is yet to come. With that let’s open the line for questions.
Irene Rosenfeld: So first of all Ken, I’m sure you'll have a chance to engage with Dirk over the coming months. He's actually going to officially start on November 20. He's been involved in a number of areas, as I mentioned, particularly the development of the 2018 plan to ensure a smooth transition. So we start there. Brian continues to confirm our margin target for 2018 between 17% and 18%. But certainly, our strategic plan will be a key focus of Dirk’s in the first half of the year. That said, we fully understand that the margin targets are very much top of mind, and I can assure you that Dirk fully appreciates the importance of margin delivery to our overall algorithm. So I think in the spirit of you've got to wail until he gets here, I think we can give you as much assurance as that.
Irene Rosenfeld: We also don’t underestimate the impact that the volatile commodities as well as the strong dollar had in terms of our pricing actions, which then put a lot of pressure on volume. So one of the reasons the macro environment improvement is encouraging, is it’s going to allow us to temper a lot of those actions, which should also in turn help volume in addition to the other actions we’re taking.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, I think as we – as I have witnessed the evolution of the industry they have been cosmic changes every couple of years throughout that tenure, whether you think about the advent of the supercenter, you think about the rise – the beginning of the rise of e-commerce. We have seen many different trends and those companies that have been successful have seen those trends coming and have address them. So I don’t think this is radically different, I do think the speed of the changes is perhaps more itself more pronounced than we might have seen in the past. But I have great confidence as we look ahead particularly to what we’re seeing going on the consumer front, the customer front, and the channel shift that we’re well positioned. But I do think companies have to take those cosmic changes quite seriously, and have to adapt accordingly. But I don’t believe that this is a radically different set of circumstances than we would have seen in the past. They’re different, but we’ve seen a fairly sizable evolution in our industry over the last decade and the winners have adapted to it accordingly.
Irene Rosenfeld: As we think about Alexia, as we look to the balance of the year. As we said, we have – we think we’re pretty well positioned to begin to capitalize on the opportunity in North America. We have significantly put the malware issues behind us as Brian mentioned. We are starting to see the hard work of Tim Coffer and his team has done to stabilize the business and improve our execution. We saw the fifth category turn positive for the first time this year. And we’ve got a number of investments some of which you’ve mentioned that are starting to come into the marketplace. They launch at the end of July. They’ll be the protein is now fully in the market and doing well. Our Ritz share continues to grow behind RITZ Crisp & Thins. We’re pleased with the momentum on U.S. chocolate. We’re up to a great start there both in terms of velocity and repeat rates. So we have a number of the elements that are starting to come together and we are quite optimistic as we look to the fourth quarter and then out into our 2018. Obviously Glen Walter’s arrival will be an important catalyst to build on all of this momentum. But we are quite optimistic as we look ahead.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. So the year-over-year comparison should not have been – the year ago should not have been a factor. We are truly starting to see our execution come together, obviously we were flying blind in – on some of our inventory for some of our products over the course of the summer time. But as we exited Q3 most of those issues as we said are substantially result. We are seeing retailers begin to reset their shelves. We’re seeing our displays in share of shelf increasing and we should see that play through as we’ve said in our biscuit shares for the balance of the year. So we are not particularly bullish on the near term North American market. But we do believe that our business within that environment should start to pick up.
Irene Rosenfeld: You know I have I actually think as we see the economy recovering around the world, I think we’re seeing very good payback in both our developed and our emerging markets. So I would have told you a couple of years ago that the big return would have come from emerging markets. As we've watched the challenges in those markets over the last couple of years, that's been less evident. And at this point, we're getting a very nice return on our investments in Europe. And as North America comes back, we expect to see that as well. Those are our highest margin markets in the world and so that's a great place to invest. But at the same time, we are seeing our category growth come back quite dramatically in the emerging markets. And so that's – we're being quite planful in terms of thinking about where to invest there. So actually, the recovery of the broader macro environment will benefit both our developed as well as our emerging markets looking ahead.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. I mean, as we were talking about, as we see our retailers resetting their shelves, we're picking up some shelf space as well as we're increasing our displays. And again, those are the actions that we think will help us as we look to the balance of the year in North America.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. I would say, David, it's – we certainly did have a couple of tailwinds that made the quarter exceptionally strong in terms of a hot summer a year ago. And we did see a situation with the competitor in – early in the quarter, a recall of a competitor product that was helpful. But fundamentals are good. And we're seeing very strong category growth. We're seeing strong share, very strong vol/mix. And we believe a lot of that is driven by programming. I alluded to the Premier League tie-in that we have in the UK. has been a sizable factor in driving our shares there. We've been very pleased with our strength in Germany. We've had a very strong performance there. Our chocobakery business is doing very well as we have repatriated the Burtons license in the UK. and across Europe. So there's a lot of actions that we are taking that are driving our strong performance that we would expect will continue.
Irene Rosenfeld: First of all, it's early days on our biscuit relaunch so we're encouraged by the early signs. And we are looking forward to continued performance there. Our chocolate was down a little bit year-over-year because we would have the benefit of the pipeline a year ago. So in aggregate, that was a bit of a headwind for us. Our gum continues to gain share. We're feeling very good about the performance there. So I think net-net, China continues to be a strong market – will be a strong market for us as we look ahead. And we are pleased to see the early signs of – that it's returning to growth, but again, there were a couple of variables in the quarter that dampened that overall performance.
Brian Gladden: Ken, I would just say obviously to deliver on 2018, the plans and actions are underway. I mean, it's not like we can decide that in January and deliver. So there's been a lot of work and Dirk has been very engaged in that process. We also gave you some clarity so we're not giving guidance today obviously for 2018, but we've confirmed the margin target and we've talked about cash flow. We still feel good about $2.8 billion of cash flow for next year. So may be those are two hints as to where we're headed. In terms of the trends that we're seeing in the environment, maybe just a few comments and we've talked about most of these. But the global economy's consumer sentiment, generally improving in most markets. Emerging markets favorable and obviously, that's good for us, given our exposure but I would also say that Europe feels pretty good. It's about 40% of our revenue and it's solid and stable and growing. Category trends, yes, I'd say they've stabilized a bit and some recent improvement over the last couple of months but maybe a little too early to start the call that yet but not a bad trend. North America packaged food trends, I think that will continue to be a challenge, and that's a place that we're planning for that environment to continue. Commodities and currency, I guess I would say they appear to be, for us, relatively stable year-over-year and how you think about that in aggregate. We obviously have favorability in cocoa but we're all set with pressure in things like packaging, and dairy and transportation even. So maybe some overall tailwind there but we're planning for relatively stable. And then maybe the last piece, just as we think about tax – tax rates, probably roughly the same in 2018 as what we would see in 2018 short of getting some clarity on what U.S. reform looks like. So maybe a few pieces of insight as we think about the environment and how we're thinking about 2018 without really giving you the guidance at this point.
Brian Gladden: Look, I think they were a little bit tougher. As I said, higher input costs specifically very fast have been challenging over the course of the last several months here. And we’re – we’re now in the process of raising prices, just can’t really raise them fast enough. And then the trade spend, I think we were thoughtful and knew we were going to make some of those – some of those decisions to spend some of those dollars. But look, I would just go back to mid-term reality around gross margins. We’ve delivered 300 basis points improvement, it’s about half of the expansion that we’ve delivered over the last few years. And we’re executing pretty well, I mean our execution was as expected around net productivity and the COGS reduction program that we have. So I think the one out layer was really very fast and how we sort to have to manage that across the cheese business.
Brian Gladden: Yes, Brian. I mean that’s obviously we saw the early stages of some volume improvement a lot of it was driven by Europe in the quarter. But obviously that helped us a lot as you think about volume absorption, plant leverage and the capacity equation in the manufacturing world. So I think that’s going to be – as we think about next year and look at the trends, it encouraging to see some of that volume improvement. And we feel good about the that the underlying dynamics in emerging markets. That is – we've been distorting to Power Brands. We've been distorting to some of these markets that have seen improvements and India is probably the best example where we’ve been able to put some additional spending up against growth, and I think we’ve seen very good returns for that. So it’s part for the course in terms of our strategy. And I think you’ll see us react as these markets get better be able to put some additional spending supply.
Brian Gladden: Yes, I think it’s little early and we’re seeing some improvement in the overall category trends in there in North American U.S. biscuits. But I think it’s a really early to declare that that’s headed in the right direction.
Brian Gladden: And the lost revenue related to malware, the majority came that’s truly stuck is what consumptions within North America and in U.S. biscuits.
Brian Gladden: Yes, look I think there’s reasonably good momentum in the majority of the emerging markets. I would call out two unusual to give us a little bit of help in the fourth quarter. The first being the year-over-year impacted demonetization in India. And then the second would be inventory trade stock levels especially in the Middle East where we had some adjustments. So I think those are two things that give us a little bit better number and in terms of reported results. But the momentum in general is good and that we see continuing.
Brian Gladden: Yes, it really came down to our ability to serve and customer service and interoperations. And the results were somewhat challenged by the carryover impacts from malware. So yes, I think as I said, we're substantially past that. We're back to service levels that we would expect in the business and we're going at it now.
Brian Gladden: David, all I would say is that the real driver of the revenue – the change in revenue outlook is the year-to-date impact of malware. So as we put all that together, it resulted in about $100 million of lost revenue for the year that we're not going to get back. And that's the pressure that causes us to adjust the top line outlook. Everything else is consistent with what we said and I would say consistent with the trends that we've delivered year-to-date.
Brian Gladden: We didn't. It's had a minor impact on gross margins as we would have lost some volume leverage related to that. But you can assume it came out at roughly average gross margin rates and then maybe a little bit of volume leverage leakage. We also, as we've talked about and you'll see in the filings, have adjusted out the direct costs that relate to the incident, which year-to-date for the two quarters is now in the range of $50 million. But those are related to the incident in terms of improving our infrastructure and restoring and in some cases, manufacturing distribution logistics related to that.
Brian Gladden: Well, we're still, Chris, in the middle of the restructuring program and that will continue through 2018. We've still got additional programs that we're funding as we speak and then are still executing to deliver. So it's still continuation of the same key programs with ZBB and shared services and all of those activities. So yes, we've still got more work to do there. We've still got funding to do that.
Brian Gladden: Yes. I mean, there's always puts and takes, Rob, I mean, there's always discrete items that are playing out. And you can see what our estimated tax rate for the total year is. It's in the range of 23%, 24%. So I – and that's probably the best I could do, given all the discrete items and the volatility around that. On interest, I think as we said coming into the year, we had a little bit of conservatism in that I think as you can see from the results, we're tracking a little bit below the guidance we gave you, which was $500 million. There are some other income items that were favorable and have impacted that. But the $500 million I would still say there's some conservatism at that number as you play to the fourth quarter.
Brian Gladden: Yes, so we set the category is growing in the range of 1.8% and reported year-to-date revenue growth is in the range of 80 – 1.8% at snacking so that's not going to tie to total but that's just snacking and the categories snacking as well. So if you look at that, there's about 100 basis points difference. The largest piece is going to be malware. And as I said, that's 60 basis points year-to-date. And then you would have basically 40 basis points tied to year-over-year trade stock changes, and that's a combination of India, GST, Middle East destocking and we talked about. And then a bit of North America where we built some trade stocks last year and returned to more normalized levels this year so that explains the difference.
Brian Gladden: Yes, I would just say, Jason, that we have seen categories pick up, I would agree with that. I think we've seen our business improve a bit better. A lot of that is a bit confusing because of the malware timing of first half versus second half. I think we've seen stabilization in North America that's improved. And our shares have not been dramatically different. If you look at the total year, we did, in U.S. Biscuits, mostly because of malware, turn to a losing share position, which impacts the metric that we're sharing with you, which is the holding and gaining share. So I think it's reconcilable. We're improving a bit faster than the market in the second half of the year. Some of that's North America has gotten a bit better and I think malware confuses that a little bit.
