Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks Dave. The headline is we’re on track. First we continue to make good progress on taking the steps necessary to successfully close our coffee transaction in 2015. As you know we intend to combine our coffee business with D.E Master Blenders to create the world’s leading Pure-Play Coffee Company. Both companies have been working closely to prepare for the combination including identifying the key leaders, and having discussions with works councils. Second, we remain firmly committed to delivery best in class costs in both our supply chain and in overheads. Our supply chain reinvention is on track to deliver $3 billion of gross productivity savings and 1.5 billion of net savings by 2016. We have already begun to see the impact of these efforts in the margin improvement in both Europe and North America. Our new biscuits facility in Salinas, Mexico is scheduled to open as planned in the fourth quarter and we’re on track to open new facilities next year in the Czech Republic and in India. As Dave mentioned we’re exceeding our productivity objectives with gross productivity over 4% of cost of goods sold and net productivity at about 2.5% in the first half. With respect to overheads, we’re also advancing our zero base budgeting initiatives. We have identified key areas of improvement in overhead cost assigned accountability for achieving those cost reductions and have already announced several policy changes to begin capturing some non-headcount related savings. We will announce additional changes in the coming month to further drive savings. Finally we are simplifying and standardizing our ways of working across the company. Last week we named Mark Clouse to a newly created position of Chief Growth Officer to ensure that growth remains at the forefront of our strategy and that we bring the same focus and discipline to driving sustainable profitable growth as we’re doing to improving our cost structure. In this role Mark will be accountable for all of the key drivers of growth by overseeing the team’s responsible for corporate strategy, global categories, marketing, sales and R&D. This integrated approach will enable us to more efficiently allocate resources to accelerate expansion of global innovation platforms, power brands, and breakthrough technologies. Also last week we announced that we’re adopting a category led model in all of our regions beginning January 1st, 2015. This region based category led approach is not new to us. Europe has been operating under this model for years, and North America adopted it at the beginning of 2014. So we will leverage the learning from these two regions as we implement this model in our other three. The new operating model will accelerate growth of our power brands and innovation platforms. Provide greater clarity of roles to drive growth, cost and operating excellence. Deliver standardized processes to reduce costs and improve capabilities and finally ensure that we’re making the right investments in long term technologies. All of these actions underscore our determination to become a leaner, more focused and more nimble global snacking power house that delivers top tier performance over the long term. With that let us open for your questions.
Irene Rosenfeld: I would say, actually I think our categories are holding up better than many. So in the world of food one of the reasons we continue to like participating in snacks is that it tends to have a better trajectory in those markets around the world. So yes our categories have softened but I think they are still outperforming many other food categories. With respect to our shares, it's a little bit of mix bag as you look at different countries around the world. Again the biggest issue is whether in fact our price gaps have widened more than we would like them to be and as we start to see those gaps close in various markets around the world we see our share recovering. So I think that’s what gives us great confidence that what we’re seeing right now is a temporary dislocation. We do think as the pricing gets out there and depending upon reactions out in the marketplace it will take us about another quarter or so to play that through but we would expect that our shares will revert.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well as Dave said we have been very careful to protect our AMC spending particularly in the challenging pricing environment and we will continue to do so. Any of the changes we have made in AMC have all been in non-working and in consumer oriented activities but our fundamental media spending is exactly where we need it to be to protect our market positions.
Irene Rosenfeld: Mark does not have direct P&L responsibility. Our global category teams will continue to steer the overall strategies of our categories out into the marketplace but the P&L will reside closer to the market with our region category leaders and our region presidents.
Irene Rosenfeld: You know David I think the single biggest opportunity -- I think there is a number of benefits of the new model I think the single biggest opportunities though will lie in growth and speed and very simply taking good ideas from one part of the world more rapidly to another will be a key enabler I think of accelerating growth. So I am quite optimistic about the ability of this new structure and this new position to be able to allow us to move ideas from one part of the world more rapidly to others.
Irene Rosenfeld: Look we’re not pleased with China’s performance I need to be clear but there is actually no new news there. As we told you last year we saw a quite dramatic slowdown in our biscuits category, we lost some share. We have taken a number of actions to try to address both of those issues but the facts are the biscuit category has not yet recovered in fact it's growing only about 1% to 2%. So the reality is that it's still a challenging situation, the good news is as we have said the toughest comps as we enter the second half of the year, the toughest comps will now be behind us so we’re not going to have the same kind of year-over-year headwind that we have had in the first half. And again we’re quite pleased with the performance of gum in China and that continues to be a really strong story for us. But net-net the China situation is essentially as we had shared it with you and we should start to lap those challenges, we starting to lap those challenging comps as we enter the back half of the year.
Irene Rosenfeld: Pricing is always a difficult proposition and we don’t take it lightly particularly in a tough macro environment. What gives us the confidence is that our brands are stronger, traffic drivers for our customers and after a certain point in time it's going to be important to our customers overall growth to have these brands back on the shelf. So we didn’t take those decisions lightly, we made them because it's critical as Dave has said for the long term success and health of our franchise and our ability to continue to invest in them. It was critical to make sure that we’re recovering the cost increases that we’re experiencing. But we are optimistic given the strength of our brands and the role that they play in driving traffic for our customers that we will be able to successfully resolve this dispute but we’re also allowing in our guidance as Dave said for the fact that it's not necessarily happening tomorrow and we want to acknowledge that.
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually our snacking business has performed quite well within as you rightly point out a challenging environment, so there is no question, the categories are slowing. We have been outperforming the categories for quite some time and I think it's for couple of reasons. I think we have had a very strong marketing and innovation pipeline in North America. I think or DSD network is operating extremely effectively. And so we believe that we can continue to drive our growth at or above category rates. Our year-to-date biscuit share is up almost a point and our biscuits organic revenue was up about 4% in the first half and it's because of the factors that I mentioned. So I think there is some slowdown in some of the categories but we have been able to capture a more than our fair share and that’s been driving our overall revenue performance.
Irene Rosenfeld: Let me start with the fact that actually through the first half as we said, China was actually massive headwind we were up about 8% year ago in the first half in 2013 in China and so that’s a big headwind to us as we experienced some of the challenges that we said and that continues to be the biggest factor but certainly in the quarter some of what happened in Australia, New Zealand is just a essentially a consequence of some of the same pricing conversations that we have been having about our European customers and again it's something that we think will resolve itself as the year goes on. We did see some fairly significant destocking in some of our Australian customers and that was what caused some of the dislocation in the second quarter.
Irene Rosenfeld: These are brands that have very strong market positions, they do drive traffic and quite frankly as we look at some of the inventory positions they are well below healthy level. So, it's reasonable confidence, again we’re not necessarily predicting timing but we do expect that in the guidance that we have given to you we would expect to see that resolve itself in the coming months.
Irene Rosenfeld: Absolutely Rob. I mean we’re not cutting our investments in the emerging markets. We have significantly as you know last year we significantly stepped up our investments early in the year, many of that was much of that was in route to market and we are benefiting from those investments. We are continuing to make the necessary investments -- we’re protecting sales to a large extent as we look at some of the overhead initiatives but the end in mind is to make sure that we are making the necessary foundational investments in these key markets to capitalize on the opportunities that will emerge as the economies recover. So we continue to feel good about the investments that we made in route to market, in places like Russia, like Brazil, like India and you will continue to see those investments and making sure that we’re getting an adequate return but this is not about cutting back on those investments. This is again it's the focus is no headcount elsewhere in the world into a large extent as well as some non-people related overhead costs.
Irene Rosenfeld: It's a fair question Rob, I have to tell you, we actually are quite able to measure the ROI of our digital investments and we’re finding it's paying back about twice the rate of our traditional media investments not to mention the fact that we’re seeing quite significant media inflation in a number of our emerging markets and so the benefits of going to digital as that explodes in markets like China and Brazil is a positive because that’s where our consumers are. So I think the evidence that we have is quite compelling and it gives us great confidence that as we continue to shift our spending into digital that we will get actually an even better return on many of those investments
Irene Rosenfeld: We’re forecasting about 150 for the year, Alexia we’re feeling quite good. We have got about 9% share and we are quite pleased with the performance of our gum business there.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think you need to look at that on a market by market basis Jas, and I talked about the performance in the U.S., we have had three quarters of solid share growth -- I have talked about what’s going in China and our major gum markets were continuing to make good progress behind the initiatives that I have laid out and as I have said we’re still not pleased with our gum performance, it is still negative year-over-year but the good news is that it's less negative and we’re starting to see it moving in a better direction.
Irene Rosenfeld: Jon, again, pricing is the big variable here because you’re correct in saying that we do see that it will pick up some tailwinds in the back half as we lap China and as we cycle the coffee as we see higher prices in coffee. That’s going to be offset as we look at the outlook by the continuous slow category growth as well as the continued dislocation as our pricing makes its way through the system and those are the puts and takes but the big impact offsetting the tailwinds is really the pricing continually to play through and as we have said we would expect even in Q3 that we would expect our share performance will continue to soften as we work our way through some of these customer disputes and more of our pricing impact hits the shelves. We do believe this is temporary but it will have an impact, a continued impact in Q3.
Irene Rosenfeld: Simple answer is no, we’re not adding a layer of infrastructure and in fact there is some puts and takes that go with the creation of the Chief Growth Officer role. But it is a fact that as we look at our opportunity within the context of the new operating model we’re continuing to invest in sales and route to market and so we’re taking disproportionately, we’re taking some of our savings disproportionately from some of the other areas into the operation in favor of those key front line investments. So you will see that slide through but we’re not creating another layer in with the creation of the Chief Growth Officer.
Irene Rosenfeld: Let me answer your last two questions and then I will come back to the first. It is about France and should the shipments catch up? The simple answer is, we hope so. But the speed with which we resolved some of these disputes is kind of not something that I wanted to predict. So we believe in the guidance we have given to you, we have adequately reflected the reality that someday we will get ourselves through these conversations but we’re not counting it necessarily happening tomorrow and so I hope that gives you some perspective on that question. With respect to the question of is there too much focus on margin and to what extent is that putting creating more pressure on our top line, there is question. We’re doing a lot right now but I really do believe that it's much better to move quickly and decisively rather than leaving a lot of uncertainty out in the organization. We’re certainly -- experiencing some disruption but our focus is to protect the long term health of our business and our ability to invest in our franchise and in our people. And so again we believe that the dislocation that we’re experiencing is temporary, we will work our way through it but most importantly we believe we’re doing the right things for the long term health of the business and as I mentioned our strategic initiatives are moving along on track consistent with what we had expected.
Dave Brearton: In Europe we have obviously faced chocolate pricing in the past. This would be of a magnitude this bigger than what we have done in the past because of the impact of coco going up, actually even the coco butter ratio within that went up, dairy cost went up. So essentially most of the raw materials that go into chocolate went up. And so chocolate has been particularly a hard hit and there has been fairly significant price increases. I would not say the difference this time though is consumer price elasticity. I think difference really is the trade, the trade has pushed back very hard and it reflects the tough environment in Europe and many of the retailers margins themselves are under pressure. So I think the bigger difference this time has been the trade push back and you see that in our shares. Our shares remain quite strong in Europe actually, the shipment is not so strong and that’s really the difference between consumers, so I think are more and less in line with what we expected versus retailers are pushing back much harder. And as you say it's much more, it goes up and down with markets. I think it will be also a little tougher in the past because of the retail environment but it is an easier thing to get a coffee price increased through than a chocolate one, for sure
Dave Brearton: Yes, I mean the emerging markets for the quarter were up 4.7% so less than we would have liked but it's still fairly respectable and as we get into the back half we will continue to have a little bit of a pricing challenges but we’re going to get past that China headwind. So I think emerging markets will still have the pricing challenges but I think you know with the China headwind offsetting that that will be okay. It really is Europe, where we expect to continue to have some retailer pressure and where the pricing really has to flow through completely in the third quarter. So that’s the primary driver.
Dave Brearton: I think we have traditionally led pricing where we have market leadership position and that is the case in most of our category country combination. So we have normally led pricing and we did that this time as well. I can’t speak for the competition, they all have their own unique situations but they are facing the same cost increases. It is typical, that you would have some legs in some countries because they all are looking at through their own lens based on whatever their specific facts and circumstances are. I think this time the impact is a little bit bigger than normal just because of the size of the pricing. So if we price and create a bigger price GAAP that GAAP difference is bigger than it has been in the past because of just of the sheer magnitude of the pricing that’s happening and again it's particularly on chocolate.David Palmer – RBC Capital Markets: And second, you mentioned in your remarks the creation of the Growth Officer position, the need to be nimble and focused and the need for innovation. And all that makes sense. Is there something in terms of your own execution, a particular area that you would want to improve more than others? Perhaps it's the innovation side that you would like to spark. Perhaps it's other marketing. Could you just speak to that? Thanks.
Dave Brearton: Yes I think through the first half as we said we are around 9% of revenue, that’s actually right in-line with what we said we will do on the full year, at the start of the year. The comparison year-over-year is actually impacted by timing last year. The last year we spent about half a point higher than that in the first half and then we spent less than that in the back half. So year-over-year I don’t think there will be a material change but this year it's very smooth, first half, second half. Last year it was much more front weighted and really that comes down to some of the programs we talked about last year led by China. So we’re pretty comfortable that we’re sustaining the AMC at the right level throughout the year this year and that we’re supporting our brands. I think the key is the share voice hasn’t moved and I think that’s the important metrics that we look at.
Dave Brearton: I don’t want to get into predicting negotiations but I think -- the guidance we have given you gives us the flexibility to manage through that and I think it's important that we stick to our principles and we have always priced to recover input cost increases, it's important we stick to that because that’s -- if we don’t do that we don’t have the funding to drive growth for ourselves and our customers. So we will continue to push that through but the guidance we have given you today gives us the flexibility to manage through that.
Dave Brearton: I can give you in principal what will happen. So when we get to a point where the deal is certain or it closes we will treat it as a discontinued business or a business held for sale depending on the situation next year probably mid-year. At that point we will strip it out as a discontinued operation, the same as we did when we have done other divestures and so all of our history will be restated to take it out. In terms of the go forward it would be handled in an equity method. So we own 49%, we will take 49% to the net income and that would be part of our EPS but it would be recorded below OI. So it would not be within our OI, it would not be within our OI margins. It would be between OI and EPS but it would be part of the EPS. So that’s how it will work starting and closing -- but we think by the first full year of operation which should be 2016 that it should be EPS accretive.
Dave Brearton: Yes when I say accretive I mean to where we would have been if we hadn’t done the deal, there is a lots of factors obviously. We lose the OI on coffee when we take it out of the base. We pick up the 49% minority interest and we have got $5 billion of cash coming back which has helped us obviously on the share and the interest side. So that combination of things should be accretive in 2016.
Dave Brearton: It has historically happened and we did identify at the quarter one call that we expected some disruption. I think so the tactics are actually the same that we have seen in prior times. The difference this time is it's quite brand across many more retailers and it's quite deep. So it is a typical reaction to dealers, SKUs in France or stop shipments or stop buying for a period of time in France. I think it is more dramatic than we anticipated but it's not a completely new tactic.
Dave Brearton: I think the slide we showed for the first half was about 3.8%, you’re right, the first quarter was lower than that but it's basically Easter. So there was a big flip between March and April, huge actually and that’s what’s driving the second quarter to be a higher growth rate from the first quarter, the first half in aggregate is the best way to look at it and it's about 3.8%. And when we talk about the category slowdown I think we saw -- in North America we saw that, in a lot of the European markets, we saw it in a lot of the emerging markets as well particularly in the May-June months. So I think we can’t really look at only one quarter given the Easter shift but clearly I think we wanted to make sure that we reflect that in the outlook we give you.
Dave Brearton: And I think the two places that are negative, we talked about the positives, Europe is still negative and actually the other one probably surprise you, it's Venezuela because it's an important product and it's a struggle to get the currency. So the Venezuela volume is down quite a bit but those are really the two, they are offsetting a good numbers we’re seeing in China and North America.
Dave Brearton: I think the volume in Asia-PAC is primarily China item, a little bit Australia and then Latin America the volume is really two fold. It's Venezuela and Argentina with the hyperinflation there and that’s been a sort of ongoing trade off on low-margin product as we've priced that away and Mexico to some degree as we adjust to the VAT. I think the important thing in Latin America is Brazil which is really our powerhouse continues to grow vol mix and most of the other countries do as well. So it's kind of Mexico VAT and it's Venezuela/Argentina which are kind of anomalies.
Dave Brearton: We left it where we expect it to be. I mean the China issues was really a question of comparisons to a year ago. It wasn’t so much about improvements this year and I think last year we had a very strong June month so we were down in China year-over-year. I would expect with the absence of those tough comps going into Q3 we are pretty comfortable with the run-rate in China, is where it needs to be that the numbers we gave you today.
