Irene Rosenfeld: Before I wrap up, in a separate press release today we announced our intention to increase the return of capital to shareholders. As you may recall at Cadbury we committed to resuming share buybacks and dividend increases once our leverage ratios were back in line with our targeted credit rating. As a reminder our priorities for cash are first and foremost to invest in the business to drive sustainable, profitable growth; and as we’ve discussed we’re doing that. We’re also aggressively expanding capacity, increasing capital expenditures for about 4% of revenues to about 5%. That includes for example the expansion of a biscuit plant in China, the construction of the new growth facility in Mexico that I mentioned earlier and a new Greenfield site in India. It also includes a number of other high return expansions around the world. Our second priority for cash is tack-on acquisitions. At present we believe we have ample flexibility to manage the M&A opportunities that may become available in the near term. The third priority for cash is the return of capital to shareholders in the form of share buybacks and/or higher dividends. And the fourth is paying down debt. We have now reduced our gross debt to about $18 billion and net debt to about $15.5 billion. At these levels our leverage ratio is now consistent with our target rating, investment grade with access to CP. So with investments fully funded, and a solid credit profile, we can now return more capital to shareholders while still preserving our ability to pursue future strategic opportunities. As such, today we announced an increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.14, a share an increase of a penny were 8%. We are also significantly increasing our current shipper buyback authorization to $6 billion or about $1 billion to $2 billion annually through 2016. We believe that the combination of double digit EPS growth, higher dividends and a substantial increase in share buybacks creates a highly attractive mix that taken together will drive superior returns for our shareholders. So to wrap up, our first half results demonstrated solid underlying business momentum including strong vol mix and power brand gains, faster growth in emerging markets and increasing market shares globally. We’ll build on these strengths in the second half to deliver improved performance. On the top line, we'll benefit from our first half momentum and increased investments in emerging markets, as headwinds from coffee pricing and capacity constraints begin to subside. On the bottom line, we expect margins to expand as revenue growth accelerates and as we aggressively drive productivity and overhead cost savings. As a result, we're positioned to deliver our commitments for 2013 and to drive sustainable profitable growth in 2014 and beyond. Now, we'd be happy to your questions.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think Chris we gave you a schedule to show that. We said we generate about $0.11 to $0.14 favorability from taxes. We gave about $0.03 back in the first quarter as you recall. Our investments are about $0.06 and that just gives you a sense of how we're thinking about that.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yeah, Andrew, we're still looking to keep our powder dry as we looked at the balance of the year. There's quite a bit of volatility in a number of these markets and we want to make sure that we are appropriately hedged to deliver our commitment.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yeah, I don't want to give you week-by-week guidance but what I will tell you is certainly we've expressed great confidence in the back half of the year for all the reasons we've said and there's nothing we're seeing that's inconsistent with that.
Irene Rosenfeld: But if you think about it, just to put it in some perspective, Bryan, I think if we think about the 3A, as we said, we believe that about a 1.3 points is due to – coffee is about 1 point and about 0.3 due to capacity constraints. As we then exit the first half, those headwinds will – certainly in terms of coffee will lessen. It's still going to be there. The capacity constraint should be behind us. And so as we look to what we're going to execute in the back half, we feel quite comfortable that the momentum we've got in the front half, it's the spending that we've got in our emerging markets and our overall share performance will carry us through.
Irene Rosenfeld: That's correct. But I would also tell you that the programs that we are investing behind are proven programs. I mean it seems like the launch of Golden Oreo in China, the route expansions that Dave alluded to in both China and India, it was some incremental preseason support on Tang, these are proven programs that we have invested in, so we have high confidence that we'll get a good return on those investments.
Irene Rosenfeld: Rob, we feel quite comfortable with the level of spending we have behind our gum as I’ve talked about, we have made some important changes in the price size architecture, we have strengthened our campaigns. Any declines that you see are really reflecting the mix we're increasingly investing at point of buying as opposed to on television for example it's much more focused on digital and point of buying, and so you would see a reported change in Kantar, but it does not reflect this level of support that we got behind the business and as you see from the share numbers that I quoted to you, we’re feeling very good about the results that this spending is generating.
Irene Rosenfeld: We’ll only give specifics on perspectives, we start with the fact that we’re going by share -- growing or holding share in about 60% of our revenue. So, a key prospect to the slowing category is our share gains and we’re seeing very strong share performance around the world and a lot of the investment that we’re making in our franchises particularly in the emerging markets is designed to help us there. But just for perspective if you think about the BRIC markets for example, GDP has gone down from about 5% -- year-to-date about 5% it was about 6% the same time a year ago and yet our revenue within those markets is up 13%. So there is not a direct correlation or should there be. There’s no question we have to work harder in the phase of some of these category slowdowns, but the strength of our brand the investments that we’re putting behind brand equity as well as route to market is what will carry us.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, at this time Alexia the focus is on the already good gross margin BRIC markets, it's investments as I said behind and if you think about the A&C support, business – buy businesses like Oreo, in particular I talked about Golden Oreo launch in China, it's the opportunity to continue to expand our sales coverage both in China and in India, and it's the opportunity to continue to expand some of our innovation platforms. So these are proven programs that have high returns and that’s why we felt quite comfortable accelerating them.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I tell you, Jason, we talked about the fact two years ago when we bought the business. We felt that there was a spending problem. There is no question that Cadbury in the final moments had pulled back quite extensively on marketing support for gum and had very aggressively priced the category and that was part of the reason that we started to see some weakness fairly early on. We corrected that very early on, so that's why I feel quite comfortable with the level of spending. The issue for us is just making sure that we've got the right marketing mix within that spending. I think the issues that we've talked about; there's really four that we've been focused on. It's been about pricing and sizing both at the lower end and the upper end, particularly in markets like Southern Europe where the economies are still quite challenged and we are finding that we're getting very good consumer takeaway as we do a better job of covering the spectrum of price points within gum. So that's been a very important part of our '16 program. The second is, as I said, some of our marketing spending we were not feeling was as effective as possible. Some of the campaigns had gotten a little bit too esoteric and we've brought them back to the fundamental category benefits of breath-freshening as well as oral care and finally we're getting a good response to that. The third is more impactful displays. We have a number of examples around the world. Argentina is probably our best example where we have displays that are increasing our takeaway by 30%, 40% and we more broadly implemented those displays in a number of our key gum markets. And then last, which is probably the most significant, is the category over time got very heavily dependent on innovation to the point where a lot of the base SKUs were being replaced by some of the innovation and we were participants in this. But it turns out that some of those innovations were not carrying their weight. And so it's taken us some time to manage the category to get our customers to change their shelf sets and as I mentioned part of the reason, there is a lag between our share performance and the revenue growth is simply because it takes a while for our customers to make these shelf set changes. But really those are the four areas that we've been focused on and we are beginning to see some good traction in our key gum markets, particularly in the U.S. and in Europe.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, Ken, I would say – that's not exactly what we are seeing. I mean I would say we are very pleased with our Western Europe trends and we really feel very good about the progress that we've made in a number of our core categories, certainly in the most troubled parts of the Euro zone, Southern Europe in particular. We're still continuing to see softness. I do want to kind of put the category slowdown in some context. When the emerging market category slowdown, they are still growing at 3 to 4 times the rate that we see in the developed markets. So yes, there has been a slowdown in a number of these markets and I cited the GDP to revenue relationship that we're seeing in the BRIC markets, for example. So there is no question we are seeing some slowdown. I talked about biscuits in China. Biscuits category in China grew last year about 18%. The first half of this year it's up only about 6%. So when I talk about slowdown that's the kind of dynamic that we're seeing. But we're still seeing the emerging markets for the most part are growing quite a bit faster than any of the developed markets. But I feel quite pleased with the performance that we've seen in a number of our developed markets. I talked about the strong U.S. biscuit performance, for example, as well as the strong underlying performance of our European business.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well we got to get the driver of the hour coffee performance has been or more convenient coffee forms as I had mentioned, Tassimo up about 40%, Millicano up in the very strongly in the double-digits and so that continues to be an area of focus. We did announce the launch of an espresso compatible plot. We are starting with [indiscernible] in France and Germany. As we speak we will expand that to a number of other countries in the later part of the year. So, we think this is an opportunity. And we’re – we believe we have very strong brands that will perform well in that system and as all doing.
David Brearton: The free cash flow is pretty much in line with what we laid out at CAGNY at this point in time, but I think as you think about what we said at CAGNY '13 and '14 we still got the restructuring program spending in there. As we keep going forward beyond '14 that was disappear out of the base and we'll be delivering a stronger cash flow. So we may have to take on a small amount of incremental debt in the near term, but I think it's well within what we can afford as we go over time.
David Brearton: Yeah, I think on the first step, I can cover that and Irene can cover the second step. I think when you go back to those days when we had much lower vol/mix, it was a very high pricing environment. That was when we had the commodity run up and naturally there was a bit of pullback on vol/mix as consumers on the trade front reacted to those price increases. Obviously we're in a very benign pricing environment today, so all of the entire revenue growth you're seeing is coming from vol/mix. As we look at the back half, I'm not looking to input costs to increase or pricing to measurably improve, so most of that revenue improvement at the back half is going to have to come from vol/mix.
David Brearton: Well, I don't want to give you quarterly EPS but I can give you two pieces to sort of help. Firstly on the OI margins, I wouldn't compare to prior year because prior year was pretty unusual given the timing of a lot of spending OI revenue as we were preparing for the spin. So last year was pretty unusual. This year I think it's going to be more normal. You'll see our OI margins improve progressively through the year and our high points will be in quarter four. So that would be the first point. Secondly on the taxes, we did say a few minutes ago that we would expect our taxes in the back half to be higher but frankly Q3 is going to be well below that 15% to 20% rate I said just a minute ago and Q4 will be higher. And again, it is because of some discrete items that we would expect to get Q3 – that will benefit Q3. So those are two elements I can give you some guidance on.
David Brearton: We've given guidance for our tax rate for the next three to five years, but it's going to be around 20% plus or minus. This year was usually low. So I'm not going to give specific guidance for next year but this year was really – [I mean] last year was about 20%, this year was down quite a bit below that. Going forward over the next three to five years, I would expect to see closer to 20 again. In terms of special offsets, I may be returning back to instead of the OI conversation we had, by accelerating the emerging market investments from future periods into 2013 we’ve essentially built that into our base and so it means we’re going to get two years of OI margin, the expansion in one next year, and we would expect our margins to grow from, so we said this year flat to last year up in the high 12’s next year. And so our EPS next year is largely going to be OI driven.
David Brearton: Marketing is about 9.5% of revenue, so it's similar to what it was in the first quarter. And interest expense, I mean I wouldn’t expect we had a small one timer that we recall that as we talked about it, that was $0.01 to $0.02, but otherwise I’d say our trend on interest should be relatively even through the year.
David Brearton: Yeah, we will be with that $1.8 billion coming due in October. We expect to pay that off through the combination of cash and commercial paper issuance.
David Brearton: I’ll answer the first bit, last year our spending was 9.4% of revenue versus last year you would see within our mix we’re spending a lot more in emerging markets and we’re a little tighter in the developed markets.
David Brearton: Yeah, I think when we talked at Cagney, we actually laid out our cumulative cash flow over the ’13 and ’14 period. And so if you can go back and look at that, but I think we essentially said we had about $1 billion year-end facility. And I think what we’re talking about here if we’re buying $1 billion to $2 billion there’s no question but if you take the midpoint of that in the short-term we would have a modest increase in our debt, but I think as we wind through that restructuring program and the cash spending on that goes through this is a program that we can take forever or in cash flow cash flow. So there will be a short-term increment, but it won't be big.
David Brearton: Yeah, I think I’d say two things. Number one, Russia did have a very strong rebound and that’s the combination of good marketing and share gains beginning this year, but it's off pace as well as year ago; so that is true. But also I’d say we’ve got good growth in most of the EEMEA markets. We’re growing well over 20% in Egypt, we’re growing well in Ukraine, we’re growing in high single-digits down in South Africa; we’re growing in double digits in North Africa and Nigeria. As well I think as you may recall from the first quarter in the Saudi Arabian markets we had a joint venture that we set up and essentially had to wind down the shipments to a existing distribution network and didn’t ship much in that first quarter. So we got a rebound from that as we get back to normal shipments in quarter two. So there’s a lot of factors. Would I expect to be growing 12% vol mix every quarter? No. But I think we feel pretty good that it is wide spread strength, and no I’m not worried that we’re shipping ahead of consumption.
David Brearton: And Alexia to jump in on the other markets; we do make money in almost all of our emerging markets. So we talked about the BRICs because they’re the biggest and they have very strong gross margins and good OI margins. We also have very good gross margin, very strong OI margins in our other emerging markets. We don’t talk (indiscernible) much because they’re smaller, but they all have very good margins and we would not invest in any country that didn’t have a very strong gross margin such that we could get good return on investment on those bets.
David Brearton: Yeah, I don't think I want to get into an SKU discussion, but you can ask about some future costs. I think it is a combination of expense on the market. There is some SKU proliferation that we're pulling back on clearly. There is simply a matter of focusing on the brands that are going to be the future of the company and spending less support on the secondary and tertiary brands. And there is just smaller brands in markets that just don't have the scale over time staying themselves. So they've been broadly for the last two or three years, sort of non-power brands have been broadly flat as kind of in the traditional trend we've been on and I would expect us – probably a realistic expectation going forward as well.
David Brearton: No, we've stopped doing that because truthfully if I give you a classic example, it comes down to – if you change the pricing that obviously is pricing. If you start doing downsizing, then you get into very complicated volume versus mix calculation. So that's the reason we went away from it. Also gum doesn't realize. So we will continue to report vol/mix as one number.
David Brearton: Yeah, I think – I'd start with we had very good vol/mix in the most important market, which is Brazil and that was really the key one. I think vol/mix declines really were driven by Argentina to some degree, which has its own economic issues and Mexico. Mexico was really – obviously, it's gum. So it's the same old thing and an increase in competition in powdered beverages, but it's really those two categories in Mexico that drove the negative vol/mix.
David Brearton: Yeah, I think – as Irene laid out, we basically – we had our three cash priorities that we are focused on and the first was and she rightly indicated investing in the business, whether that's cost reduction, opportunities or whether it's investing in growth. As we sit here today, we believe we've funded the investments we need to deliver the numbers we put out in '13 and '14 and beyond. So that was the first step. We did look at M&A and we think we have the flexibility for that. And we always said the third step, the place we would turn to next would be returning cash to shareholders. So we did follow that sequence in looking at the opportunities and we did wait until we got our debt in line before we started those discussions. So it was a thoughtful process and it was tied really in sort of strategic planned process.
David Brearton: I don't think we give profit by category and I wouldn't want to go down that road now. Gum is a highly profitable business at the gross margin line. So I think that's probably as far as I'll go.
David Brearton: Yeah, I think the – we have our full-year guidance at constant currency of 155 to 160, that’s the same number we gave back in May. Within that taxes will be favorable for that, really have invested more behind that, interest is very small and share buyback frankly will be there, its smallest workers were doing most of that towards the end of the year. So, I think that will be the two big swing factors. Currently we call that there was a $0.05 risk on currency because the guidance we gave is a conference currency. So currency stage where they were I July 31st for the rest of the year then the number will come down born by about a nickel.
David Brearton: It’s a question of timing of promotions and react in a competitive advantage, but having importantly, we’re focused on maintaining the gross margin going forward.
