Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thank you, Andrew. Yes. I would say we feel good if I look at the total business about the strength of our portfolio and the diversification that we have within that portfolio. So when there are some areas that are bit of a more difficult situation, we always have other areas that compensate for that. And so we can keep on delivering very good results. And it goes across brands, regions and categories for us. I also feel good about the strong topline performance with good execution of our pricing, but also for the year, almost 3 points of volume growth, which is in line with the previous years of volume growth. And I think that is a testimony to the strength of our brands and the categories. Share is obviously below expectations, but there is very good explanations for that because we had disruptions in our U.S. supply chain. And then also in Q3 and Q4, disruption with our European customers because of the price increases. I think also something that we feel particularly good about is our broad-based strength in emerging markets from a top, but also very importantly, from a bottom line perspective. And as you know, we're very focused on growing dollars in the gross profit line and the $1.4 billion is a very strong result, which enables us to offset some of the extra costs we're seeing, but also to significantly continuing to invest in our brands and increase our bottom line. Our margins, of course, are impacted by elevated inflation. It's something that it has a denominated effect as we price against that, but we do expect that over time, margins will come back. And then despite currency headwinds, we are having in constant – or in adjusted EPS, we have double-digit, but we still grew real EPS by 3.5%. So overall, I would say we feel very good about the results. If I look at the consumer – the volume growth rates, which is what we are looking for to see really how strong the categories are holding up really well. We see very good in-home consumption in the U.S. In Europe, there are some signs of a bit of a category slowdown. That's the only region where our categories are slowing in negative volume growth. But I would counter that with very strong volume growth in all our other regions, particularly in places like Brazil, India, China. I think from a competition perspective, we will start to see the differentiation between companies that can continue to invest in their brands and keep a very positive algorithm, while others will have to focus more on costs, and cutting back in this cycle. As it relates to pricing, so the pricing for 2023 in the U.S. has passed and is implemented. So we did that in December. In Europe, we have started discussion with our clients. I would say we are 60% done of what we need to do. So far, so good, but there is obviously still a few weeks and months to go, and we will know more by the end of March, beginning of April, where we stand. But so far, so good, I would say. The other thing I would mention as it relates to the consumer is that the elasticity is still very low. This is a slight uptick in Europe, but still well below the expectations. We are planning for more elasticity in our 2023 outlook, but we still have to see that materialize. The other one, I think is important to mention is that we will have double-digit cost inflation. There's a lot of talk about diminishing inflation. We don't see that at the moment, and that is driven largely by energy, ingredients and labor. Nevertheless, if you take all that together, I think we are positioned well for 2023. Luca will talk a little bit about the different shape of our P&L, but we will be on algorithm with a higher topline, but that is driven to the whole inflationary situation. So maybe Luca, I hand it over to you.
Dirk Van de Put: So I'll give you a little bit of a high-level answer. And the answer is, we have planned for modest volume contribution into 2023, and quite frankly, that is the direct outcome of us planning for historical elasticities rather than what we have seen as of recent. So there might be a little bit of an upside versus that assumption. As you dissect the business a little bit more, I believe you're going to see good volume growth in emerging markets, particularly in countries like China, India, Brazil and so on and so forth. You are going to see volume growth in North America. Clearly, there is an element of us replenish in stock with the trade that has a positive impact. But importantly, I think U.S. biscuit is really on solid ground and all the ventures, namely – Give & Go and paid particularly are really delivering volume growth versus last year. And finally, where I think you're going to see volume pressure is in Europe, and that is the direct outcome of potential customer negotiation disruption and relatively higher elasticity than in other places in the world. So volume leverage, I think, will be one important component of the 2023 P&L shape. Three regions, I believe, will be on positive ground in Europe due to disruption, there might be some volume pressure. Overall, I think you're going to see modest volume growth for the year.
Dirk Van de Put: I wouldn't say that we are immediately planning for a faster rate in China. But certainly, if you look at the country coming out of the COVID situation and the restrictions starting to ease and the travel restrictions being lifted, on top of that, our plants are open and operational, which was not always the case during the past year. So I think that we will be having a good supply situation, we do have some increased costs, and we will have to deal with that through price increase. But overall, I would expect China to continue with a high single-digit to double-digit growth for next year. The gum business, we expect to come back and we would continue on momentum with the biscuit growth that we've seen. We continue to increase our market share. I see no reason why that would not continue next year also. And so apart from the pricing, all the other indicators for China are pretty positive for us. Not quite sure if that really immediately translates in acceleration, but high-single digits to low double-digit is doable for China for next year.
Dirk Van de Put: Maybe we'll do first the categories and then I didn't quite understand the question on the weakness of the consumer in the U.K.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. So from a category perspective, in Europe, our category performance is obviously different from what we see the overall categories to do. I would say both biscuits and chocolate are showing slightly negative, minus 2%, minus 3%, the overall category in Q4, and that is probably a consequence of the consumer feeling some recession. We're a little bit worse than that driven by customer disruption. But I think that as we go through the first quarter of next year, I think that will gradually come back. I'm talking about the category here. So it's probably understandable seeing the economical situation in Europe that we see a little bit of a slowdown there. As it relates to the U.K., what we see with HFSS is, first of all, there's two limitations that come from HFSS. One is the limit on the location where HFSS products can be sold in the store. And the other one is a promotion and advertising limitation. The second one is not yet being implemented, that will be in October 2024. But so far, we have the change in store. And so it means that you don't find them in checkouts in the queuing area, no more at the store entrants, no more [indiscernible] and so on. If you look at our business there, which is mainly a chocolate business, it is about 60% plant purchase and about 40% is impulse. And obviously, the impulse is affected by this because you have less interruption locations in the store. But the 60% of plant, of course, continues. We have been partnering with the stores to offset this by finding new secondary promotional locations, making our brands stan6d out in the aisle, moving the singles category, which was the checkouts to the food-to-go areas and so on. So overall, I would say that the initial signs, while showing an effect on sales in the category and for our business, it is less or less bad than we would have expected. So in-store execution seems to be helping and it's helping to mitigate the less off-shelf display that we have. Smaller stores are sort of suffering a little bit more because they have less space to make up for what was lost. So if I look at the category volumes they're down 1.1%, which is not that bad in December for the last 12 weeks, down about 4.5%. But if you take into account that the off-shelf distribution is down by about 30% because of those locations. I would say that the category is holding up quite well as it relates to the changes we're seeing in-store. And so I would say, yes, there is an effect, but it's far from the magnitude that we could have taken, and I'm expecting that the consumer gets used to this new setup of the stores that the volume growth will come back.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So the request was in the U.S. And as we explained before, we are certainly not seeing for 2023, our costs coming down. We still are seeing double-digit inflation in our cost. We just implemented a price increase in the U.S. We're implementing price increases in Europe. So we are not in a situation where we can say that costs are coming down, if anything, they're up versus last year. From a promotional perspective, since we are rebuilding our customer service and our inventories in clients, there is no need for us to promote more. In fact, what we've done in last month is promote less to get our customer service back up. As long as volume continues to be this strong, we are not planning to increase our promotional pressure at all.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So I can maybe take you through the way we're thinking about the contribution to growth from businesses like Clif and Ricolino, and then Luca can talk a little bit about the margins. So as it relates to Clif Bar, we've taken over in August. We have strong results driven by good demand and good pricing, we had strong double-digit revenue growth, and we had high double-digit EBIT growth in the fourth quarter. We started to implement pricing, which was not normal for them. So we've done two pricing actions last year, and we've seen minimal volume elasticity. We've also started to prioritize the SKUs in their portfolio and working on their supply chain. So we are seeing good supply recovery through Q3, and now we're starting with the integration of the businesses and find the cost and the revenue synergies. So we have a full integration team in place, we have a wide variety of opportunities already identified. As it relates to future growth, I think we have a strong position in the U.S. in the protein and the energy bar space. It's a $16 billion market, which is growing very fast. We have an opportunity to expand through Clif, but also to a business like Grenade in Europe in this space and its well being oriented. It's ESG-focused. So it's right on the money as it relates to consumer interest. But even in the North America, we think that Clif has a huge opportunity for expansion, better distribution, and we are going to complement that with the international opportunity. So I would say that explains a little bit the Clif thinking. As it relates to Ricolino it's a very different type of setup that closed in November so far, well above expectations, top and bottom line. There's a very high strategic fit to in a category perspective that is very complementary to our categories. It allows us to enter chocolate and reinforce our biscuit business in Mexico. One of the biggest benefits is that we can triple our route to markets, which is going to add a significant amount of stores. We will be present in 440,000 plus stores. And they also have a good growth U.S. business, which we are planning to give a boost through our U.S. organization, particularly, of course, in the U.S. Hispanic market. It's a full integration Ricolino Clif is a partial integration. Ricolino will be a full integration and merger of our business with theirs. So there is a significant opportunity for top and cost synergies, and so that will have a big effect on margins. Maybe I'll leave it at that on what those two will do for us. So Luca talk a little bit about the financials.
Dirk Van de Put: I think that brings us to the end. Thank you very much for your presence and for your interest in the company. Obviously, if there's any other questions, Shep, and Philippe will be ready to answer them and looking forward to a good first quarter of the year. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Thank you for the question, Andrew. And as it relates to the shape of the P&L, particularly on gross margin, you will see some pressure, particularly in the first part of the year, a result of a couple of things. One, it is elevated inflation and us having particularly good coverage in 2022 and lapping the favorable pipeline that we had in commodity terms in 2022, and the fact that clearly, pricing, particularly for Europe, is not fully implemented yet. The new pricing wave I mean. And that is also compounded by the expectation that we will have some customer disruption kicking in towards the end of Q1 and potentially also into Q2. Having said that, I think when you look at the fundamentals of the business, I feel quite good about emerging markets. You saw the stunning number that we printed for Q4 and for the year. The momentum of those emerging markets is continuing into Q1. We started the year quite strongly. I'm quite happy with the U.S. and North America in general. I think there was an excellent pricing execution. And obviously, as the last pricing wave comes into effect into the P&L, that allows for reinvestment in the business. And I think also you will be positively surprised by share throughout the year. Clearly, EU is a little bit of a watch out. Happy to say that the profitability, as you saw in Q4 improved quite a bit compared to Q3 and that is the testament to the team of the pricing that was implemented. But clearly, there are some unknowns in relation to further pricing and potential disruption, and we have commented on consumers in general. So look, the key assumption here is double-digit inflation. Part of it is driven by the favorable coverage we have. And we will stay disciplined in pricing it away. And as I said in the prepared remarks, if commodities take a more benign impact, we will be able to take advantage of it because we have flexible coverage implemented.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Well, we have to take into account that our main competitors in Europe are private companies. And what we've seen is that they have not priced as aggressively as we have. We assume that, that eventually will have to come, but that is the main difference between us and competition. And so that is the explanation of the share loss. Some of the – the other competitors have had some events that they lapped of the year before, and that has helped them also to gain some share this year. So those are the two big reasons.
Luca Zaramella: Chris, I think as you look at the quarterly gating in 2022, you saw the most pressure in terms of profit delivery in Europe in Q3. And in there, there was the fact that we were running out of hedges for the first part of the year and pricing was not fully implemented. As you saw in Q4, profit is up soundly. And in that context, we also increased investments. So as we close the year, the absolute inflation that you would expect annualized compared to the pricing annualized was a wash. The point here is, as we walk into 2023, there are a couple of events that came into play. One, it is the material energy pressure and the fact that in 2022, we had positive coverage in that area. And the second one is the fact, clearly that we have to price again. So all considered the 2022 inflation that was embedded in the base and the pricing wasn't at worse by the end of the year in terms of annual impact. Now going into 2023, there is more pressure coming and subsequent price required. You are going to see some subpar numbers in terms of profit for Europe, most likely in Q1 and Q2 as a result of pricing not fully implemented yet and customer negotiations. But then by Q3 and Q4, there will be a recovery of margins and profitability in Europe. And again, in this context, the last thing we want to do is to cut on investment, and we will continue to invest A&C regardless of pricing negotiations going on.
Luca Zaramella: Maybe just one little add. There is a little bit of phasing as it relates to Chinese New Year. So in Q1, you're not going to see double-digit revenue growth. But as Dirk said, the fundamentals of the business are very strong, and the team is executing extremely well in the country.
Luca Zaramella: So let's tackle maybe this last one first. As you think about volume in the U.S., clearly, the share situation is improving. The category despite double-digit pricing is posting volume growth, particularly in Q4. So we saw value and volume growing within the category, as I said, shall improve, but importantly, we are also recuperating service level, and that clearly helps a bit. So I believe all in all, there is a strong foundation in the biscuit business in the U.S. And the second element that has to be taken into account is the fact that what we call ventures, namely Give & Go, Hu and also Tate's are delivering volume and value growth. And we are clearly taking advantage of synergies, particularly in the case of Tate's, we are very pleased with the fact that, that platform going into DSD has delivered material revenue and bottom line growth. And clearly, in the case of Give & Go, we are seeing after price increases, the category thriving and that drives really the volume. In terms of Chinese New Year, China was north of 10% in Q4. And there was, I would say, 3, 4 points of contribution coming out of that 10-plus percent due to Chinese New Year. Clearly, that is a reversal in Q1. But again, fundamentally, the business remains very sound. I think you're going to see continued share gains. And we're not talking about small share gains in the category of biscuits. And again, as the country reopens, one of the things that we missed throughout 2022 was gum growing. And Gum is going to come most likely positive in 2023, and that will help also the bottom line because margins in gum are higher than in biscuits. So hopefully, that addresses your question.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, I don't think – I mean, mix was positive. So I don't think mix in general is a problem. I think you saw gum and candy growing 25%, that's margin-accretive. I think what was underestimated in general in the modeling that I saw around it is the impact of inflation and the subsequent price that was coming out of it. As we price away dollar for dollar and not for percentage margins, I think the – there was an underestimation of both pricing and the inflation despite the fact that we said very clearly, inflation was double-digit. I think the way you have to think about it is you wouldn't have expected for the year a 3% volume growth, you wouldn't have expected a 1.6% volume mix in Q4, which, by the way, when adjusted for the customer disruption due to Europe in Q4 is again down about 3%. So I think versus what you had in mind, there is much better volume. There is higher inflation, there is higher pricing and the fact that we price dollar for dollar creates a little bit of pressure on the percentage margin. I think in terms of OI margin, you see a good number because obviously, also cost below the line have been kept in control or below GP, I mean. And so that's really all the put and takes that you have within the shape of the P&L.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, there are some specific laws in France where, for instance, you have to be done with pricing negotiations by the end of February, reality is particularly on promotions and promotional calendars, there might still be negotiations underway and besides France, other countries can obviously, in terms of negotiations go a little bit longer. So we have announced pricing, we are clearly in active talks with most of the customers, by the way, successful implementation of pricing in places like the U.K., in the Nordics, in Southern Europe, namely Italy and Spain, predominantly. But clearly, places like France and Germany, there is still some ongoing negotiations. And we expect some of the disruption happening in March and potentially spinning over into Q2. That was a little bit the pattern we saw between Q3 and Q4 this year in 2022, sorry. And we expect the equivalent of that in 2023.
Luca Zaramella: The simple straight answer is no. When you look at the European segment, I think you saw a volume decline of – volume mix decline of 4%. So the last thing we did was to preempt the trade before future price increases. So no question, particularly in that segment. As you look at North America, when you dissect the performance of volume growth of North America, as I said, the category has positive volume dynamics. In that context, we are delivering better share. And the third element is, we are improving customer service level and increasing to sound levels that are not sound yet. The retailer-related stock. So the last thing we did was to increase trade stock ahead of price increases. This is all stock that is being sold and consumed by consumers.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. So I guess you were asking a little bit in terms of relative profitability of these platforms compared to the rest of Mondelez. I would say that Clif, which is almost a $1 billion platform projected into 2023 has sound gross margins at this point in time, given the fact that as we've said, we are about to implement another wave of pricing same dynamics that we saw in our U.S. business, little elasticity so far. So I think the P&L is going to shape up quite well. In terms of gross margin, the North American segment has the highest gross margin of Mondelez, particularly because of the DSD system that is quite effective from that standpoint. But Clif has gross margin that, albeit a little bit below the average of North America they are above the average of the company. So that is really a sound platform in terms of potential and profitability. Importantly, there are material synergies we are after – we just announced a new organization in place. And clearly, there will be some testing going on the platform through DSD and I think if you see what happened with Tate's this is quite promising potentially. In terms of Ricolino it is a $600 million, $700 million platform. It is growing double-digit at the moment. And in terms of margins, I think it's more important to say that the combination of both platforms between our existing business and Ricolino will step change materially the profitability of Mexico. And I think particularly in route to market and cost synergies, there is a big benefit to come now. We are in the process of combining the two companies. So the fruition into the P&L will come towards the second part of the year.
