Irene B. Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dave. As you can see, we continue to deliver excellent results in the second quarter and first half. Our business momentum remains strong, and we're well positioned to launch 2 industry-leading companies on October 1. This reflects the strategy and actions we've taken over the past 6 years when we began our journey to change the trajectory of our business and deliver sustainable, profitable growth. We've made excellent progress by focusing on Power Brands, high-growth categories and fast-growing markets, driving savings through end-to-end cost management and using those savings to expand margins and reinvest in brand building and innovation. These actions, together with some significant portfolio moves, have fundamentally changed the face, the footprint and the prospects for our company. That's a tribute to the dedication of our 126,000 employees around the world. I am truly indebted to them for their hard work, for their love of our company and their willingness to do what it takes, regardless of the obstacles, to achieve our goals. As a result of these efforts, we've created a virtuous cycle in each of our regions. All the ingredients for sustainable, profitable growth are now in place for both companies. They include terrific portfolios of beloved iconic brands, strong operating momentum and world-class leadership teams, ready and able to take the business to the next level. Following months of preparation, we're poised to take the next step toward an even brighter future. With that, let me open it up for questions.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: We don't see any deal breakers, Bryan. We -- as we've said, we're on track to do the spin. We've a lot of stuff to do between now and then. The Canada Revenue Agency ruling is not a deal-breaker, but it is the biggest outstanding item that we have. But we do expect to hear shortly about that.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Simple answer is that most of the slowdown that you see in Q2 is really attributable to the Easter shift. And we actually feel quite pleased with our first half performance, and we've got some challenging comps in the back half of the year. But we do believe that the virtuous cycle that we've got going in each of the regions, the strong growth that we've got on our Power Brands and our continued strong A&C support and strong innovation pipeline should allow us to continue to fuel the momentum. And that's consistent with our reconfirming the guidance that we've given for the full year.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yes -- No. I mean, I -- we remain confident that as we look to the longer term, Andrew, that the -- it will continue to get back on that trajectory. As I said in my remarks, though, I think it's going to take a while. Teenagers are the biggest consumers of gum. Therefore caps are down, that's a key driver of the softness that we're seeing. And it's going to take some time to be able to -- a lot of that is about the macroeconomic environment. But then there are some actions that we've talked about unique to our franchise, the price value offerings to make sure that we have the adequate offerings under $1. And we've taken a number of actions in key markets around the world to address that, and we're starting to see the benefits of that play through. Both players, over the last couple of years, as we've discussed for different reasons, had cut back on A&C while aggressively pricing. We have taken actions to restore our A&C support behind the category. We've got a new campaign behind our Trident brand, and it's having some good early results. And last, there are some things we're doing to just simplify our overall architecture. We frankly got over-skewed. So I do think there are a number of actions that we're taking. We're starting to see that play through our share performance. It's been quite strong around the world. I think some of the macro trends will get better. And we're making sure that we're making the necessary investments so that as those trends improve, we're well positioned. But I don't think there's anything we're seeing structurally that would preclude this category from coming back to its long-term trends. It’ll just take a little longer than we thought.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yes, I'll tell you the 2 markets that are of some concern to us are Brazil and Russia as we look in our overall Developing Markets mix. But as we said earlier, the reality is we've got a pretty diverse footprint among our Developing Markets. And so although we have seen a slowdown in markets like Brazil and Russia, we've been -- that's been offset by strength in market by China and India as well as the results we've gotten in Middle East and Africa. So we've had some very strong -- we grew almost 10% in the first half as you see in our Developing Markets. We feel quite good that we've got a nice virtuous cycle growing. We're continuing to support our key franchises, and we're quite confident that it will continue that -- that group of countries will continue to be strong contributors. We may see some weakening in one country or another over time.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: First of all, I feel really quite good about the performance that we've seen around the world in some very challenging economic conditions. We’ve delivered solid growth everywhere. And I feel this contribution of vol/mix, if you take out the impact of Easter and pruning, is really quite impressive in each of the regions around the world. The difference you would see though, David, as you look at North America is the impact of pruning. And that would have been about a point in, actually, a point in the first half. So we feel that -- and the contribution therefore of vol/mix in each of our regions was really quite strong, particularly, in light of the fact that we took very aggressive pricing.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, look -- it's a challenging economic environment. We are very pleased with our performance. And I think a lot of the elements that have driven that performance so far will be in place as we look at the balance of the year. We will continue to distort our resources towards our Power Brands within the gross that we shared with you. That was approximately 4% for the first half. Our Power Brands were up about 7% because we've been distorting our resources. We've got a very strong innovation pipeline in each of our core franchises. We've got the Chocolate Philly in the Cream Cheese business. We've got Millicano in the coffee business as well as Tassimo. We've got Bubbly, as well as Crispello and small bites in the chocolate business. And we've got the opportunity to extend our biscuit -- core biscuit innovations, particularly belVita into new territories so all of that will continue to be in place as we look at the back half of the year. All that said, we would expect the contribution from pricing in the back half will moderate a little bit as we start to lap some of the pricing that we took a year ago. But net-net, we feel very good about the performance of our European business, and we believe that the elements that have driven it are sustainable, and we will continue to outperform.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well obviously, this is a very important subject that Tony will talking about in the context of the roadshow. But what I will underscore is that coffee remains a critical category in our North American portfolio. Our opportunity to compete in all the key segments of the coffee -- of the coffee business is important to us. On-demand, obviously, one of the fastest-growing segments and we will be a player. Tassimo is our global lead, and we will continue to look at opportunities to expand our participation in on-demand coffee. But I think you'll hear more about some of those details as Tony and the team take you through the roadshow materials. With respect to Starbucks, we remain confident in the merits of our case. As you're aware, the arbitration began in mid July. It should be folding up momentarily. And so I've got nothing to update beyond that.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: We are, David. I think certainly on the cost side, we feel terrific about the performance so far. On the revenue side, we've said that we would generate approximately $1 billion. Through 2012, we will have generated about $700 million of that $1 billion. So we generated about $400 million last year. We'll hit about $300 million this year, and we feel quite good about the source of those revenue synergies. About half of them are coming from route to market, the opportunity to take brand. For example, in India to take our Tang and our Oreo brands through our chocolate distribution system, the opportunity in Mexico to take some of our biscuit businesses through our gum distribution system. So we're seeing nice synergies in terms of route to market as we had expected. About 1/3 of our revenue synergies will come from just the opportunity to just expand our brand franchises. We've delivered the highest share in our U.K. chocolate business in the history of the business. And so we feel very good about the performance there. We've had very continued, very strong performance against Cadbury Dairy Milk in markets like India and Australia. So those brand extensions, the acceleration of global platforms, businesses like Crispello or Bubbly are serving us quite well. And the remainder's coming from white-space opportunities, bringing brands like Oreo into Greece and the opportunity to bring Oreo into India and again on the back of the distribution system. So we feel the revenue synergies are coming in. We had said that we would generate about 0.5 to 1 point of growth in 2012 from revenue synergies, and we're very much on track to do that. That will be about $300 million. And as I said, we will exit this year at about $700 million of the $1 billion in revenue synergies.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No, in fact, I guess the most important point, Ken, is that we do feel good about our share performance in those regions. It's just the categories are taking a huge hit. In markets like Greece, it is disproportionately about gum. But in Brazil and Russia, we have a fairly strong portfolio, and we are seeing good performance from a share standpoint but some of our categories are being hit, given the macroeconomic environment.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Again, I feel very good about our performance in Europe. In fact, we've got over 70% of our shares there rolling so I think we've seen very strong performance. As I mentioned in my remarks, we saw our share growing in 14 of 17 countries. So we're feeling quite good about our performance across the continent, including the U.K. The challenge really has been Southern Europe, and there, it has been disproportionately a gum issue. But our core categories really are doing exceptionally well across the landscape there. And it comes back to the fact it's about distorting our resources on those key Power Brands. We've got some exciting new campaigns in support of Cadbury Dairy Milk, as well as Milka, as well as some – a terrific innovation pipeline that I've talked about a couple of times on this call, all of which together are helping to fuel our strong performance. And I expect that, that will continue as we exit the year despite the challenging macroeconomic conditions.
David A. Brearton: What we've said, and I think we actually talked to in the Form 10, Alexia, was that there would be some dis-synergies. And corporate would obviously be part of that. But we've taken a clean sheet and really tried to design organizations for both companies that would allow them to focus on the strategies and the value-creation opportunities they each see. And that the savings, as we do that, would offset the dis-synergies over time. So we have said that, and you're right, that's really where the restructuring money came back to.
David A. Brearton: No I think our Developing Markets margins actually increased again this quarter. I mean, I wouldn't get overly uptight about it going up hugely 1 quarter and less the next quarter. I think year-to-date, we're up and even in the second quarter, we were up about 40 basis points. So we feel pretty good about the margin trends in our Developing Markets.
David A. Brearton: I think you're right. I'm not going to give you any guidance going forward. We'll have to wait until we have the, those Investor Days in September. And Tony Vernon and his team will give you a better sense for the margin going forward. In terms of quarter 2, it's both. I mean, 19.7% in the quarter is a high number. But I'd remind you that quarter 2 is usually our highest quarter on margin, and that's been the case over many, many years. The increase this year was a result of overhead savings so those are the structural savings you're talking about. But it also was gross margin improvement as we were able to price and recover some of the costs that last year at this time, we were kind of lagging commodities a little bit. So we're able to get back on track at that. I think if you were to go back a couple of years, the quarter 2 margin was actually around 19%. So you are seeing a benefit as we look at this quarter versus, let's say, 2 years ago. And that is, I would say, structural from productivity, as well as overheads. But I can't translate that for you into future trajectory.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I think at the start of the year, we said that our cost inflation and our cost of goods sold will be in the low to mid single digits. As I sit here today, it's likely to be towards the top end of that so around the mid single digits. So costs have gone up a bit from what we thought. It's nothing dramatic. Seriously, I think we live in a world where commodities are going to go up and down quite a bit over time. I think we're just going to have to live with that. The most important thing is that we can price to recover that. And I think we've shown over the last couple of years that we -- as long as we invest in our brands, as long as we have new products, we can invest, and we can drive pricing to recover the commodities. And so we're pretty comfortable that we can manage the cost inflation that you're seeing today.
David A. Brearton: Yes, we don't give currency forecast. Actually, our 9% to 11% EPS growth over the long term, as well as the, at least, 9% guidance we gave for 2012 were both constant currency figures. So you saw in the quarter that currency hit us for $0.03. Currency's been pretty volatile over the last year or so. So we don't do forecast for currency. I can say with confidence that we will hit the guidance we gave you of being, at least, 9% EPS growth on a constant currency basis.
David A. Brearton: I don't want to get into forecasting currency. But $0.03 in the second quarter is -- I think it's an average of a bucket of currencies so that you could probably check where the U.S. dollar is versus last year.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I think our results were stronger than we expected in the first half, that's true. We're about 11% up versus prior year in the first half on a constant currency basis, and our full year guidance is, at least, 9% on a constant currency basis. So we are running ahead of that trend. And so I said in the script, our intention would be to reinvest that favorability and keep the virtuous cycle momentum going through in the balance of the year.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I'm talking constant currency basis. So our revenue in the first half is up about 5%; then A&C spending on a constant currency basis as well would be about the same.
David A. Brearton: A&C was not a significant impact on margin. So if you're worried that we were, let's say, cutting back on A&C and boosting margins to hurt our -- and that hurt our volumes, no, that was not the case. We continue to support our brands, and I think you can see that with Power Brand growth. So the stuff that we're really focusing on was up 6% in North America in a pretty difficult economic environment. So no, there's nothing hidden behind the numbers.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I think the amount of cash that hits the calendar year, if I just focus on the 12 months, I wouldn't expect that, that will change much because the spin costs were obviously all going to happen this year anyway. So the stuff that was going into next year was more completely in the restructuring as we set up both businesses for success. We didn't talk about cash flow in the earnings release. But you'll see on the 10-Q when we file that, that our cash flow is above where it was last year. So we're in -- we're actually off to a pretty good start, despite, as you indicate, funding the Cadbury integration as well as the spin costs in the year-to-date results.
David A. Brearton: I think -- I can tell you we're probably not going to talk to it. We will have to file a KSP 10-Q at the end of the third quarter, just like we will at the end of this quarter. So we'll have to do that. We will then have to file carve out financials as an addendum to the Form 10 for GroceryCo, so we will do that. And we will also need to file a revised Mondelez International financials that show GroceryCo as a discontinued operation. All of that will come out in the third quarter. And as you think forward to November when we do our third quarter earnings call, we'll probably focus on that last bit. We'll focus on Mondelez International and so that you can start thinking about the future. We're not likely to give you any commentary on what will, by then, be a standalone Kraft Foods Group.
David A. Brearton: I think we would -- as pricing tails off, last year, pricing really kicked in and our vol/mix was not that strong in the back half. So as we get into the back half this year, pricing is going to tail off a bit as a driver. But we would look to vol/mix to become a bigger source of growth. So we would see for those two to kind of balance out and allow us to still be approximately 5% on the year.
David A. Brearton: Yes, we're not going to cover the ForEx. So we said we'd give guidance of, at least, 9% on a constant currency basis. And that's really what we're targeting. So we're not going to reinvest to cover ForEx. It really would be reinvesting to the sustained virtuous cycle and continue investing on our brand. In terms of specifics...
David A. Brearton: I think -- I don't want to get into guidance for quarter 4 or quarter 3 at this stage, which is kind of what that would come down to. But I would say that like anytime we face these decisions, we would be focusing on our Power Brands first, and we'd be focusing on the investments with the highest payback, both for 2012 and 2013. Irene and I are interested in the success of both companies next year so we're not going to be biased one way or the other where we invest that.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I don't think we have a sell-in versus sell-through sort of issue as we look at the beverages business today. So it was certainly weaker in the first quarter than second quarter, but I think through the first half, we've kind of equalized that.
David A. Brearton: We're just -- we're working through those alternatives today. You're right, we've got about $2 billion of excess cash, I'll call it today versus where we normally would be at this time of year. And we're working through the options, and it will depend on the economics on the debt market what makes sense.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I guess it's hard for me to bridge your data to our data here, so maybe you can follow up with Chris or Dexter afterwards. But I think directionally, the numbers that we're seeing, we're pretty happy with. Since the separation of the sales force on April 1 and signing in with Acosta, we've actually seen our TVPs go up. As you've seen in the data, our Power Brands are up 6% year-to-date. We're feeling pretty good. And I think even on the secondary brands beyond our sort of standard Power Brands, we're getting a lot better secondary support on things like A.1 and Cool Whip. So I'm not sure exactly what you're looking at. We're actually very happy with the way the separation has gone and the way our grocery brands are being supported. And on the DSD side, we're equally happy. Our biscuits revenue in second quarter was up 7%, which has got to be the highest since the Nabisco acquisition. So I think we are seeing good feature support. We are seeing good TVPs, but we're happy to talk to you about the data you're looking at.
