David Brearton: Well, we’re not officially giving 2014 guidance. But as I said a minute ago, I think we’re pretty confident that we have the productivity and overhead programs in place that we should be able to stick to the margin guidance we gave before.
David Brearton: And it’s fairly broad. It actually goes across all the regions. It’s not just emerging markets, but obviously pricing when it relates to coffee and a number of the other commodities have been fairly stable, but the vol mix portion of it has also been slow.
David Brearton: Yes, I think -- no, it’s not going to bounce back in Q4. In fact our Asia Pacific region will be down low single digits in Q4, mostly driven by China and it will be biscuits and mostly inventory. So we started taking inventory out of the system really in September when we saw what was coming through in the market and share data, that’s kind of playing its way through and because there is up to four different levels of distributors to get through before you get to the consumer in some parts of China is going to take us through the end of the year to do that. So it’s a double-digit decline in China this quarter. Its going to be a double-digit decline again in quarter four and that’s the biggest part of the reason why we’ve called our quarter four down.
David Brearton: Yes, I think the -- what we’ve done as we said, given that the global categories are growing slightly under 4% today. We felt it was prudent to give you an eye to how we’re kind of thinking about going forward next year. And the guidance we’ve given a 4% to 5% is assuming we will continue to drive for share growth similar to what we’ve done this year, we will drive for share growth everywhere. That will be one of two things. It will either drive upside versus the guidance we’ve given or if we have a disruption somewhere or an unexpected events in a place like Egypt or Venezuela, it will help drive an offset. So I think by giving you guidance that’s more or less in line with the category growth as we see it today. I think it gives us room, so hopefully have upside, but at worst at least be able to offset the unexpected.
David Brearton: Yes, I think it’s obviously very low year-to-date, about 5%. I think its in line pretty much with what we’ve said last time about 10% to 13%, may be a little bit lower, but in the kind of the 10% to 13% range. Quarter four, I’d expect our cash rate to be in line with what we’ve said it will be over the next three to five years, its kind of 20% plus or minus a couple of points.
David Brearton: Yes, I think historical levels they’re relatively high last year because we’ve a number of one-time items last year, we had insurance proceeds, we have some asset sales. So the Latin American margins last year, we’re actually were unusually high. Having said that, I’d say that year-to-date they haven’t been the greatest because as I’ve talked on the call, on the gross margin line our gross margins were down. Part of that is it’s fairly common across the emerging markets, but as currencies have devalued, the cost of imported raw and packaging materials into those countries goes up and a lot of these markets is very difficult to hedge that. So it is the P&L almost immediately and there is a lag between that and when the pricing goes. So I think you will see the pricing come through, you will see the gross margins improve, not specifically in Latin America, I think it will be across all the emerging markets as we go forward into next year.
David Brearton: I think the -- we’ve a coupon rate of about 6% right now, but the interest expense on the P&L was down around 5.3% in the quarter, which is probably as good a rate as any right now and the reason for the gap between the coupon and the 5.3% is because as we’ve been paying off debt we’ve put more of our debt into commercial paper and short-term obviously those cost less. So it’s about 5.3% in the quarter, that’s probably a reasonable number for the year.
David Brearton: It’s probably going to be a big hurdle. We haven’t given guidance for ’14. What we’ve said in the past is that this year is unusually low from the next three to five years after this we would expect our tax rate to be 20% plus or minus a couple of points. And eventually over the very long-term it will probably go up to the 25% range. But I think for the next three to five years, its going to be 20 plus or minus couple of points. We haven’t given anything specific to 2014.
David Brearton: The (indiscernible) and chocolate are still up well over 20%. So that chocolate is growing well, there are some other categories that for us is not -- are not nearly as important in India that are slowing down, but chocolate continues to be really robust.
David Brearton: Yes. The plan we've laid out so far is 500 basis points of margin improvement in North America and as you've talked about the supply chain is a key part of that. And we've started construction of the plants in Mexico. That's a key part of it. I think simplifying the portfolio is a key part of that. We've already accelerated by about a year the speed of which we'll get the 500 basis points. We'd originally said it would take us to 2017. We've now brought it back to 2016. The 500 basis points through is programs we have in our sites, we have milestones and action plans and accountabilities against that. We know how to do it. If there's ways to accelerate beyond that, we're continuing to look at those and obviously we'll pursue those. So what we've given is a 500 margin point objective is what we know we can achieve and it is based on some of the stuff we've talked to you earlier. We're clearly happy to accelerate. We've already launched it. If we could do it again, we would. If we can go further, we would. And we'll continue to look for those types of opportunities.
David Brearton: I guess I'll start with on the commodity in Forex side, we're really only looking to price to recover commodity in Forex. We won't be looking to increase margins as part of our strategy to get there. If there's opportunities clearly we'll take those, but our assumption is we price to recover commodity in Forex so that's kind of a wash. It's really driven by a combination of mix, as you say, things like convenient coffee have higher margins, the power brands have higher margins so we'll continue to drive that and we can control that. Overheads have been the biggest source of our margin improvement over the last three years. We've driven about a 3 point margin improvement between 2009, 2012 that was entirely driven by overheads. And I think overheads just by virtue of how quickly you can undo those versus the supply chain programs will continue to be a key driver of our margin progress through 2014 and into '15. And on the third piece is the supply chain savings and that's the program Daniel Myers talked about at the Back-to-School Conference and we have a pretty comprehensive plan on what is our long-term vision and how do we stage ourselves towards that in both Europe and North America. That's the key part of getting there as well, and so I remind you the biggest gap between our margins and our peers' margins isn't gross margin, it is actually in overheads. Overheads is always an opportunity. We'll continue to drive overheads and particularly given our size, we think there's more opportunity there and we'll go after that. But the gap versus our peers is really in gross margin and that's what Daniel talked about in September. So it's everything you mentioned frankly with the exception of price and pricing is really just to cover commodities in Forex.
David Brearton: No, I think it's -- yes it is different than the U.S. and there is a different dynamic there. In most of Europe there are many competitors in every country all of which were to keep the market fairly disciplined. We don’t tend to loose margin on the way up. We don’t tend to gain margin on the way down. It does tend to be a pass through both directions. And our customers keep us on it and our competitors keep us on it, and that’s just a dynamic in Europe. I’ll admit, when I started in Europe 20 years ago it was different. It was actually very much like the U.S. market, but it's a fairly competitive market place. So it's doesn’t, it's not a -- you don’t get windfall profits up or down; you tend to pass it through and manage the margin at a fairly constant dollar level.
David Brearton: Yes, I think on the productivity we said it was about 3% net. It was actually about double that on a gross level. So it's certainly the highest we have done. We had said that on the year we would actually expect the average for the year to be in sort of the 2.3%, 2.5% range is kind of what we said in September, because the first half is only about 1.5%, so that’s productivity. Inflation, obviously it varies dramatically from the 40%, 50% in places Venezuela through virtually none in Europe. But I guess on average it's probably in the 3% to 5%, but I’ll be honest, I don’t add that up in a very frequent basis.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think the meetings that we had with our investors were very productive and they gave us a lot of insight in terms of how they're thinking about their business and it gave us an opportunity to talk about how we see the business. If I step back, I think there were about maybe five takeaways. I think first and foremost, there was universal agreements among all of our investors that we have created a very advantaged portfolio that's got an incredible collection of grants in very fast growing categories with the nice emerging markets footprint. I think that was a fairly universal sentiment. There is no question, I'd say second, all investors believe that we have significant margin upside as we do and we've laid out very aggressive plans as you have seen particularly in our developed markets in North America. As you know we set a goal of 500 basis point improvement over the next three years which should get us to peer averages and similarly in Europe we set a goal of about 250 basis points improvement and that also will bring us actually to the high end of our peers in Europe. We did at the same time go – many investors tell us that they want to make sure that we continue to invest in emerging markets. They all see the same opportunities there that we do and the question really is just to make sure we are continuing to make those foundational investments but we're doing it prudently and at the appropriate pace relative to market conditions to make sure that we are getting a good return. I think the third point that you referenced is that a number of investors told us that they thought that our top line targets might be too aggressive especially in the current environment as we have seen our categories slowing. And we agree that when we set the targets back in September it was predicated on our categories growing about 6%. And so we set a top line target of 5% to 7%. That was a reasonable expectation. The reality is as we have shown you, those categories have slowed from 6% last year to 5% in the first half and now to less than 4% and so we clearly have to accommodate that and thinking about what our targets are and I believe we have done that as we've given you the outlook as we think about 2014. Fourth, I think there is certainly some frustration about our ability to deliver expectations. And I'll say again, we got operations in nearly 80 countries including some very volatile emerging markets. We're clearly going to have challenges from time to time and we're not going to always deliver things in a straight line. But as we did Brazil and Russia and now with China, we will get on it, we'll fix it and we'll make it better. The key though is to make sure that we have the right targets out there so that we're able to make the appropriate tradeoffs. And without a doubt I think all investors recognize that our fundamental business is really quite healthy and I think you see that again today in the results that we've reported. And finally I'd say we got very universal support and gratitude for our $6 billion share repurchase program. That was quite well received. So I think it was a very productive set of meetings. I think we learned a lot and I think it was a good opportunity for us to continue to talk about how we see the future and why we are as confident about where things are going as we are.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, let me answer that question in two parts, Andrew. Without a doubt as I've mentioned, we've taken a number of steps as we continue to evolve our thinking and our learning with the portfolio as it now exists. We went from a company that was almost entirely in developed markets to a one that has a very significant emerging market footprint. And as we've said, these markets have different characteristics than some of our more mature markets. In the case of China as we saw the biscuit category slowing, as I mentioned, we could see it was going from plus 18 last year to plus 3 in the first quarter and we took a number of steps to try to address the slowdown. And frankly in the second quarter, we actually saw some results. We saw second quarter the biscuit business was up 9.5% and for July frankly it was up about 4%. So we were feeling pretty good that we were able to offset that. We had very strong share performance in a number of our categories and so we really felt pretty comfortable that it could be offset. In the speed with which that plus 9.5 in Q2 became plus 2 in Q3 was really the issue that we're wrestling with. And again, the good news is we know it, we took actions, we saw it and took actions starting in August to start to pull back a little bit. But as I said in my remarks, when you have inventory plans to be at a double digit growth rate, to support double digit growth rate and it plummet down to plus 2, it just leaves us in a difficult situation. We've got over a 1,000 distributors in China and there's a fair amount of inventory in each level of this system and that's why it's just going to take us a little bit of time to clean it up. But net-net, we understood that the category has slowed. We thought we had some actions that would help to stem that and to offset that and they simply didn't work as well as we had thought. I mean more broadly as I've said before, we have a number of new processes in place. We've created dashboards for all of our key businesses that leverages our SAP instance and allows us to give our local leaders and us at headquarters the right data to be able to see the business in real time. So for example, we're now able to see dairy sales in China which is a critical piece in our ability to continue to monitor how things are doing. We have much better inventory visibility in our distribution networks. We are continuing to train our leaders. For some of them, this is the first time these categories have slowed down on their watch. And so they're learning how to plan a little bit more in a more disciplined way. They're now doing 12 month rolling forecast which allows us to have better visibility outage of the future. We're doing marketing ROI analyses much more frequently in China, for example, we used to look at marketing ROI once a year. In the United States and in Europe that's a fine idea before it doesn't change. In an exclusively growing market like China, it changes quite rapidly and so our ability to get that feedback quickly and make sure that we're getting good returns for our marketing investments is really essential to us. We are helping to develop capabilities and strategic pricing in so many of these emerging markets, coinage, price size architecture is the name of the name particularly as we go into these traditional trade outlets. And so we're doing a lot of work to make sure that our leaders have that capability and that our factories have that ability to make products that can deliver on those price points. And we've done a lot of work in a number of our markets on what we call perfect store, which is just making sure that the point of buying expectation is as good as the marketing programming. And for example in markets like Russia, we used to have what we call a strike rate which is how many times you get an order for your visit of about 30%. It's now us close to 80% and we've got much better compliance to make sure that the right items are in distribution. So we've taken a number of steps to improve the processes, the capabilities and in a couple of cases, we've made some leadership changes to make sure that we got the right managers in place. Clearly the leaders that took a business from 50 million to 500 million may not be the same leaders that take it from 500 million to 5 billion. And so slowly but surely we're making sure that we have in each of our team growth markets, we have the right leadership to accomplish that. So net-net we’ve taken a number of steps and that’s why I feel increasingly more comfortable that, that we will be able to continue to monitor this and we’ve the early warning capabilities in place. But I said in China we took a number of actions to try to address that situation and they just didn’t work the way we’ve had hoped.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, I think we’ve done a pretty good job Ken of focusing on the countries that matter most and it starts with the BRIC countries and yes that’s the biggest piece to date of our merge up, the 40% of revenue that comes from the emerging market. We’ve begun to invest in what we’ve talked about is our next weight markets, which are primarily the Middle East and Africa. But beyond that we’re not planting flags in lots of different countries. I made the point simply to give you a sense that there is always going to be something happening, it is our job however to manage that reality and to ensure that the guidance that we’re giving to you -- that we can deliver the guidance we’re giving to you.
Irene Rosenfeld: No actually we’ve high hopes for India. In fact the challenge -- our challenge is that our growth in India has been constrained as you know because we were out of chocolate capacity. We’re now putting that capacity on stream and we should continue to see growth in line with the categories which has been growing in the high double-digit rate. So our outlook on India, it remains quite bullish and I think we’ve the programs in place. We made some significant investments in relative market as well as capacity. We’re just starting up a Greenfield. And we’re just -- we just broke ground on the Greenfield and so anyway our outlook is quite bullish.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. So we agree absolutely with your premise, Eric. As you know we accelerated some of our investments in emerging markets this year and we feel very good about the return that we've gotten particularly in markets like Brazil and Russia and India. So we will continue to do that. And because we had accelerated those investments, what we said was we didn't see the need to invest again next year incrementally, and so for that reason that's the 10 bps that you remember. So we just said we made the investments this year and in fact that's playing through in our margins and you'll see that we don't need to invest incrementally we don't believe next year while we play through and ensure that we get a good return on the sales capability and route to market investments that we made this year. We believe very strongly as you do that the opportunity to invest prudently in these markets is the time is now and we will continue to do that.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, as you might imagine, Rob, we're not going to be talking about any things that we haven't launched. We launched them. So currently there are many wide spaced opportunities and we will pick them one at a time as we feel that the organization is ready to handle them. And at this moment I feel that the act of making sure that we get the biscuit momentum back together to continue to fuel the momentum on gum which we just launched a year ago should be and is the main focus of our China team and that's what they're doing. But there will be continued wide spaced launches over time and as we do them, we'll tell you what we've done.
Irene Rosenfeld: Gum in China has been a phenomenal success. It's actually almost about a $100 million business in about a year. So we're feeling quite comfortable with the progress on gum in China. All that hot zone activity that you saw is a key driver of that success. The gum category in China is growing mid double digit rates and that is one of the reasons we launched there. And so we feel quite good about the performance there and frankly gum in all of our emerging markets continues to grow for the most part. The issue, as you know, has been in our developed markets and the good news is we're starting to see some good traction on share improvements as we've put our playbook in place.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, that category growth actually is quite solid relative to many other categories in North America and in the U.S. and I've been very pleased with the share performance that our team has delivered and we see continued opportunity as we leverage the strength of our brands and we leverage the strong DSD selling organization that we have. We see continued opportunity to pick up share, so that's been a business that's growing. Our biscuit business in the U.S. has grown over 5% for almost – I think it was the ninth quarter that it's grown over 5% and we feel quite good about the outlook there. So the category has been kind of a [indiscernible] in the mid single digit range but we've been able to grow in excess of that as a result of our strong brands and our strong programming and our strong execution.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, look I’m not going to comment on portfolio actions. Well, I want to clarify my comment about the fact that we are in 80 countries. It was simply to make a point that there’s always thing’s; there’s different things going on. As I said though it's our job to manage that and particularly as emerging markets become and are a bigger pipe of our portfolio they’re volatile. They don’t always deliver their results in a straight line. Egypt went from growing 29% in the second quarter to minus 3% in the third quarter. And so we just need to have a robust enough target to make sure that we can accommodate that. And again that’s why we gave you our perspective as we look forward, because our categories continue to grow in excess of other food categories, but they are growing at a slower rate. So, this is not about complexity. It is about the fact that it's a robust step of countries and categories. As a result of the split as you point out, it's quite focused and we feel quite comfortable that we have the tools in place to be able to manage that complexity. But it is a different set of countries that are driving our performance today than used to be driving our performance as Kraft Foods and we need to accommodate that and that’s what I have talked about.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, well, I mean the GDP facts are correct and that's why we really did expect it that we could see the recovery. It is a reality that we have seen the key gifting occasions underperform relative to the year-ago comps. So we saw a slow Chinese New Year, we saw a slow autumn festival and so there's no question that some of the government policies are impacting gifting in particular, and biscuits is a big gifting item as you've said. So there is no question that there is some impact that these government policies is having on our business. And our job here is to figure out, therefore, how do we overcome that? And we're taking a number of steps to improve our pricing in sizing, we're looking at opportunities to make sure that our impacted point of buying is where we need it to be. So there's a number of actions that we're taking that we believe can help to offset it and will get the momentum back. But in the short term the fact is we've got more inventory out there as a result of the fairly precipitous slowdown in our biscuit category and we just need some time to work that through and that will probably take us through the end of the year.
