Irene B. Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dexter, and good afternoon. Let me start by saying it's great to be here in our new headquarters and to see the energy and optimism of our team as we begin our journey together as a new global snacks company. Year-to-date, we delivered solid performance. Organic net revenue increased 4.6%, and operating income rose more than 9% on a constant currency basis. In the third quarter, as we expected, our revenue growth slowed, increasing only 1.5%. This was due to 3 factors: First, we were up against some tough comparisons. Indeed, we delivered exceptionally strong growth in the third quarter last year, when organic revenue was up nearly 9.5%. Second, pricing contributed less this quarter. Much of this was due to passing through the impact of lower Green Coffee costs. Arabica, for example, has dropped by nearly 1/3 in the past 12 months. We're also beginning to lap some of the significant price increases we took last year. And finally, we had some short-term executional issues in a few key markets like Brazil and Russia. We've already taken actions to address these missteps, such that their impact will be largely confined to the third quarter. As a result, we expect organic revenue growth to rebound to mid-single-digit levels in the fourth quarter. But despite the slower Q3 growth, I'm confident that we'll have a strong finish to the year, and that we'll be on track to deliver the 2013 guidance that we provided in September. We're continuing to invest heavily in our power brands, and they're responding well, with strong growth in each region. We're expanding our successful global innovation platforms, including bubbly aerated chocolates, our chocobakery line, belVita breakfast biscuits and teen gum brands like Stride ID in North America and Twist in Europe. Revenue growth in our 2 largest categories, Biscuits and Chocolate, continues to be strong, increasing mid- to high-single digits. And Gum & Candy revenue growth, while still challenged, should increase modestly next year. Let's take a closer look at each of our global categories, starting with Biscuits. Our Biscuits revenue is up 7%, with strong growth in both developed and Developing Markets. That's in line with the 7% increase for the category. In North America, Biscuits increased mid-single digits, and Europe is also posting solid growth. In Developing Markets, Biscuits grew low-double digits, led by China, Russia, the Middle East and Africa. Our Biscuits power brands rose 13% year-to-date, with Oreo continuing to grow in the mid-teens. Our belVita innovation platform has been another star, up more than 45% this year as we expand across markets in Europe and the Americas. In fact, belVita is on track to exceed $300 million in revenue this year. Global Chocolate revenue increased 6% year-to-date, about the same rate as the category. In Developed Markets, Chocolate grew mid-single digits behind successful innovation like our snacks, small bites platform and activities around the London Olympics. In Developing Markets, continued strength in India and Brazil drove growth of mid- to high-single digits. Our Chocolate power brands have increased 10% this year. Cadbury Dairy Milk, Milka and Lacta had each posted strong growth. Gum & Candy remains below our expectations. Revenues were down 1% despite the category growing about 4%. Candy delivered solid performance with Halls up low-single digits behind new marketing campaigns, and Eclairs up 20%, driven by strong growth in China, South Africa and India. But the key challenge remains Gum, especially Trident, whose revenue declined low-single digits. Although the brand grew in Developing Markets, it was more than offset by weakness in developed markets. To be frank, Gum has been disappointing for quite some time, and it's taking us longer to change the trajectory than we anticipated. We have, however, taken a number of steps to fix our performance, and we expect to see gradual improvement over the next year. In sum, our year-to-date results are solid, but our third quarter top line was disappointing. I want to assure you that the factors that affected us in the quarter are temporary. They're within our control and will largely be resolved by the end of the year. As a result, we fully expect our revenue growth in Q4 to rebound and to set the stage for a strong 2013. Now let me turn it over to Dave to discuss our third quarter in more detail.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yes. So let me start by reiterating the factors that led to the missteps that I talked about are temporary and they're very much within our control. We've taken the necessary actions that we need to take to address them, and we anticipate that they will be largely resolved by the end of the year. The issues are a little bit different in each of the 2 big markets which really are at issue here. Again, we mentioned to you that we had foreshadowed the fact that our momentum, our growth in the third quarter was going to be a little bit lower than year-to-date because of the fact that we had -- there were a number of factors in terms of the difficult comps, as well as lower contribution and pricing. And that is the main -- those are the main contributors. The incremental impact of the missteps that occurred in Brazil and Russia, they were a little bit different in each of the 2 countries. In the case of Brazil, we've got 2 issues: Gum and Biscuits. Gum, as Dave mentioned, we were slow to react to a gradually weakening economy. That category had been growing in the high-single digits, and we continued to ship as the category growth slowed almost in 1/2 to about 4%. And as a result, we found ourselves in a dislocation between our distributor inventories and our consumption. So our consumption continued to be reasonably okay, but we had some short-term dislocations and we expect that the rebalancing that's in process right now will be completed by year-end. The bigger issue is why has the category growth slowed, and we've talked about the fact we have taken a number of actions to accelerate our growth. We have increased our marketing and our sales support. We focused very much on our execution at point-of-sale, particularly our assortment at point-of-sale. We've got increased merchandising support. We've got increased support behind our new advertising campaign. We're looking to continue to expand our distribution in the fast-growing north-northeast part of the country, and we have taken a number of steps to improve the offerings from a price/size standpoint as we have watched the GDP in Brazil, as well as we see in a number of countries, declining somewhat. So all that said, that was the issue within Gum. We feel we are very much on it and on track to address that. The bigger -- the other issue though, in Brazil, turned out to be Biscuits, which, quite frankly, became a knock on impact from Gum. It's about reduced marketing support. The category was growing fine. We just reduced our marketing support to offset some of the Gum weakness and it was a mistake. And we have since restored that marketing support and we're quite confident that, that business will rebound. As Dave mentioned, no issues with Chocolate in Brazil. Our powdered beverage growth was quite strong and continued strong growth in the North-Northeast. So that's the situation in Brazil. We've got our arms around it and we're taking the necessary actions. Russia is a little bit of a different situation. 1/2 of that decline was due to the significant drop in coffee cost, but the other 1/2 was volume/mix and it was driven by price gaps, excessive price gaps in both Chocolate and Coffee. We were slow to respond to the fact that competitors had dropped prices and we didn't. It resulted in share losses and that was the biggest issue that we had in Coffee and Chocolate. We've taken the necessary price reductions. Both categories, again, remain quite robust in Russia and we're quite confident that we will be able to correct that situation. The other piece of our issue in Russia was just our sales execution wasn't where we need it to be. We've stepped up the focus in that area. We've made some -- we've strengthened our leadership in a couple of places, particularly, in sales, and again, we feel quite comfortable that we will be able to resolve that. So net-net, these are temporary issues. They're issues that are entirely within our control, and we're quite confident that we will be able to see a rebound in the fourth quarter and into 2013.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yes. So within the 4% that I talked about, Chris, that's a combination of essentially, a flat Gum category and a 7% growth in the Candy category. So when I talk about why we are quite optimistic, both -- virtually, all of our categories are growing. Our issue is Gum and we did lose some share in Gum in a number of key markets. Actually Brazil, which we've talked a lot about some of the executional issues, we actually grew share in Brazil. But we do have some share opportunities in a number of markets. And a lot of the work that we're doing on price size architecture, on restoring spending will help also to -- as well as stepped up innovation, things like ID that we've just launched in the U.S. will help to step up our share performance. So they're going to help to not only stimulate the category, but also, in select cases, should help to improve our share performance as well. But the big issue is really the category and that's really what we've been focused on.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, first of all, power brands represent almost 60% of our revenue on a year-to-date basis and as we continue to grow them disproportionately relative to the base business, they will become an increasingly large portion of the business. One of the reasons you don't see as much of an impact on the OI line is that typically, they're not power brands because they have lower margins and so that's why we are essentially de-emphasizing them. So for the most part, we are seeing a weaker performance on the brands that we are de-emphasizing, many of them are local brands. And again, our power brands will continue to be an increasingly large percentage of the portfolio, and that's what's going to fuel our top line growth.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I don't think so, Bryan. I mean, as we look at our peer performance in these markets, they continue to be strong. We certainly have seen GDP slowdown in both of the markets, Brazil to a greater extent perhaps than Russia. But the issues that we're facing, we believe were of our own making. As I said before, they're very much in our control and they're quite fixable. So we have every confidence that they will continue to be growth markets for us.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yes. But I mean there's a -- like we're doing a pretty deep dive on these 2 businesses as you would imagine and there's a lot of moving parts there. I'm trying to give you a best sense of the headlines there. But we did end up with a fairly significant loss of share of voice and we can trace that pretty directly to our share performance. So I believe that we have our -- we have a good sense of what the issue was there. It's not entirely marketing support, but it was predominantly that.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No. Again, it was just -- we did it to ourselves. We just basically reduced our levels. We've now restored our levels back and we've got a very strong Biscuit business in Brazil and we're quite confident that that'll -- that, that business will rebound.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yes, let me start by saying, Ann, we've had a terrific run in our developing markets these past few years by any measure. And, in fact, our first half, we were up 9.5%. So we had a speed bump in the third quarter and we're not happy about it and it's a fact, but we shouldn't overreact to 1 quarter. We actually believe that one of the benefits of the company is that we've got a fairly well-dispersed geographic footprint so that no 1 market is -- basically, we've got a pretty good footprint within -- around the world, so that we have the opportunity. If we see issues in 1 particular market, we have a good, good, good offsets elsewhere. It just so happens that Brazil and Russia are 2 very large markets and, simultaneously, they had some issues at a time that our capacity was constrained in some of our other growth engine markets. So it was kind of a little bit of a perfect storm there but net-net, we, of course, continue to look at the composite profile of our developing markets, particularly as it represents a significant part of our portfolio. But we're quite confident that those markets will rebound and will improve in the fourth quarter as we've said and return to double digits in 2013.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No. I mean, David, one challenging quarter does not cause us to make personnel changes. We did make some leadership changes in a couple of our markets, but those were things that were in the works for quite some time and I'm very pleased that we've got a deep bench of talent and we've got some very strong leaders in all of our key markets. So it's not related.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, again, Rob, Coffee is an important part of our portfolio in our Western and Eastern Europe businesses. And as Dave mentioned before, we've had -- Europe has had a very strong performance on Coffee. The revenue decline is reflecting the fact that we took price declines in response to the lower Green, but our vol/mix continues to be quite solid. Our Tassimo business is growing in the upwards of 20%. We've continued to support it and we see it as a continued growth engine. We've been very pleased with our Millicano product; it's a whole bean instant coffee, which continues to perform well. So Coffee is an important part of our European portfolio and we will continue to invest in that franchise, and it will be an important source of growth and the category is growing. The challenge that I referenced in Eastern Europe, it's -- Coffee is an important business there as well, particularly in Russia and I referred -- referenced the fact that we did -- we were slow to respond to price gaps on Coffee and it cost us some share. And as I mentioned, we've taken action to address that and we should see that business rebound. So in both of those regions, we feel Coffee plays a very important role and it is growing.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: David, as I said earlier, we are -- we feel very good about our footprint and we believe we are much less susceptible to volatility as a result. We've got roughly equal-size businesses in Asia Pacific, in Latin America and in our combined CEEMA regions. We've got no single country in our Developing Markets portfolio that is contributing to more than 5% of our sales. And so we've got a pretty balanced profile. We just had a bit of a perfect storm in 2 of our largest countries at a time that we didn't have as much of an opportunity to offset it with -- in some of our other countries because of some of the capacity challenges. But year-to-date, we've certainly been able to offset any of our challenges by the strength that we've had in China, in India and in the Middle East and Africa, and we continue to see that profile playing out well for us.
David A. Brearton: Actually, Alexia, the margins were flat this year at 15.2%, which is actually slightly up from where it's been year-to-date. So I -- maybe we could bridge to you what you're looking at later. But as we look at our margins, we're actually quite pleased with where our Developing Market margins were in the quarter.
David A. Brearton: Well, I think the guidance we've given for next year is 5% to 7% top line growth and $1.50 to $1.55, which I think will be close to the or at the double-digit EPS growth number that we've discussed as a target. I think both of those will be top-tier. So I don't think we're being conservative. I think how that translates into margin growth, obviously, will depend on where input costs are, and that could depend on inflation in Developing Markets or commodities, as you mentioned. But for us, we're focused on delivering top-tier top and bottom line growth and the margins or the output of that as opposed to the input. So I think it will depend how we go, but we're really focused on making sure we deliver those results.
David A. Brearton: Well, I think as we talk costs going forward, we'll probably focus on input costs in total. And I think you're right. As it looks today, and it can all always change, it would be more for modest inflation. Our input cost today, as a snacking company, have a lower level of commodity impacts and a lot bigger impact from things like inflation in Developing Markets on some of the other factors. But as we sit here today, inflation's pretty muted amount around the globe. Coffee, as you indicated, is going down. A lot of commodities tend to be flat. Clearly, in the U.S. and some of the other countries, the grain complex is up. But we would say today that this quarter, it was relatively muted. Next quarter, there'd be no reason to change that. We don't like to give guidance going forward 15 months from now, but, at the moment, we would not see a significant input cost increase next year, which is why when we gave our guidance next year, we said we'd probably have a relatively low pricing contribution to our revenue growth. And so that's consistent with the outlook you're describing.
David A. Brearton: In terms of impact, it depends what your base assumption was. So I'll let you make your own base assumption, but Brazil is about a $2.5 billion business and it was flat. So you can determine what you thought it was going to be. It was double-digit growth last year. And Russia is about a $1.5 billion business and it was down low double digits, and last year, it was not. So I'll let you establish your own base, but those are kind of the parameters that you could work with.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I think the -- if I start from the corporate expense. I think the geography may change between businesses et cetera, going forward, but I think in aggregate, it's directionally correct in the stuff we've provided. In terms of interest expense, similarly, we've tried to do pro forma adjustments that sort of assume the entire $10 billion of debt had been transferred across the Kraft Foods Group. So again, that should be roughly in line. Tax rates, we've given you guidance of mid-20s. I'm not going to give you specific guidance for quarter 4, but I will remind you that last year, we had a very, very low tax rate because we had a big one-timer. So you can expect what I'll call close to a normal tax rate probably in quarter 4 this year, but the comparison to last year will be quite different.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I think it'll show up in the 10-Q, so I guess I can. It's just over $0.01, $0.015, in that range of impact for the quarter.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I think there have. I mean, essentially what we've agreed is, as you know, we've got about $3.5 billion of debt maturing during the course of next year; about 1/2 of that in the first half and about 1/2 of that in the second half. And I'm sitting on about $2 billion of excess cash, plus or minus. But we have decided we will not -- that we will hold onto that cash and just pay down the debt as it matures in the first half of the year. And it's a little early to talk about cash utilization on the back half of the year. But that decision really is what triggered the expensing of the swap loss. So we're not going to be issuing any debt in the first part of the year and we're going to be sitting on our cash and just paying down those maturities as they come due.
David A. Brearton: No, that's a good number, as best as we can do for Mondelez year-to-date. We took out Kraft Foods Group as a discontinued operation. It's technically not discontinued until quarter 4, but we've done it on a pro forma basis for you. And we've tried to adjust interest and pensions to align with how our business will be going forward. So it's a good number. The reason it's 8% versus we would normally be expecting higher, is again, the tax rate. So last year, it was a very low tax rate. It's about 4 points higher this year than last year. It's about 22% year-to-date, last year it was about 18%. And that's why you're seeing some of the operating income growth get lost from the 9% of the OI level, down to 8% of the EPS level. But it's a pretty comparable number.
David A. Brearton: And, Eric, just so you don't panic on the -- all other brands, in the quarter, it is true that the power brands grew and the non-power brands declined. If you look year-to-date, the power brands grew 8% and the non-power brands were about flat and that's -- so it's not like they're falling off a cliff. We are making ongoing strategic decisions on the portfolio, but we don't see this as a huge headwind. It's more a question of they're going to be growing a lot less, maybe flat some years, maybe growing slightly other years, but we don't see it as a huge decline. Quarter 3 really was a bit unusual, but you're right, they were down in quarter 3.
David A. Brearton: So we have power brands in -- Tang is a power brand. When we talked at the investor roadshow, we really only talked to snacking because that is 3/4 of our business. In Coffee and in powdered beverages, which are also strategic categories for us, we also have power brands. So in Coffee, you've got Jacobs coffee in Europe, for example, they're huge and you've got Tang and powdered beverages, those are also power brands and they're equally significant, they're equally high margin and they're equally good growth.
David A. Brearton: Not really. I think Coffee actually is up around the same as the rest of the business year-to-date. So we said we're up about -- we're up 4.6% year-to-date on our total organic growth. Coffee actually would be consistent with that. I think what you'll see on Coffee is as we lap the pricing we took last year and we adjust to lower pricing, the price portion of that revenue growth is getting much, much smaller and in the quarter, it was actually negative, you're right. But the vol/mix is getting much stronger. And so Coffee, for us, has been a pretty good growth driver this year. It's been about in line with the total company.
David A. Brearton: Yes. I think Australia, we've got a great Chocolate business and I think we've had some good new products lately. I think in quarter 3, it was a bit weak, but that was more of a phasing thing to do with a system go live that we had in a prior quarter. We always load prior to the system go live. So not material to the total company, but in Australia, it did result in it moving from a low single-digit growth to a low single-digit decline. So it wasn't dramatic, but it's a mature market with a great Chocolate business and we see it as continuing to chug along. Japan is a gum market and, therefore, it shares a lot of the challenges Irene's talked about on the Gum business.
David A. Brearton: Yes, that's still a -- we'll be 4% or higher on our gross productivity going forward. It's -- we achieved that this year and so far and we expect to do that going forward as well.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I can take that, David. I mean, the restructuring program is $925 million, as you said, and there's really 3 components to it. The first would be overheads as we resize corporate headquarters for the smaller company we now are and as we resize North America snacks to reflect the fact that it is a stand-alone snacks business now. Second is manufacturing and as you rightly say, we need to streamline our manufacturing to reflect the fact that we're now a focused snacks business and that has some implications. I can't really give you a lot of details on it because, frankly, we have to run those projects through our Board and, as importantly, we have to run those projects through our unions and our works councils. So we're working through that process, but you probably saw in the last 2 or 3 weeks, we've announced a closure of a coffee factory in Austria and we announced the closure of a large snacks factory up in Canada. So we're working through these, they'll continue to go. And then the third piece is on the distribution network where North America is now a DSD-focused business and that's got some implications on distribution. So those are the 3 pieces. It is $925 million, it is a lot of money, I accept that. About 2/3 of it is cash, about 1/3 is noncash. The vast majority of the spending will be in 2013 and 2014 and, after that, we would see ourselves self-funding ongoing restructuring program within the guidance we've provided to you. In terms of savings, I think we've said that next year, we have a dis-synergy headwind and the restructuring savings next year will cover about 1/2 of that. So the savings will start to flow through next year and it'll cover about 1/2 of our dis-synergies. We would expect the savings in '14 to cover the rest of those dis-synergies and any incremental profit in '15 and beyond, we would look to either support the bottom line or reinvest in growth opportunities. But it's really '15 and beyond before we'll see a net benefit between dis-synergy and restructuring.
David A. Brearton: Yes, the arbitration case actually closed in August. So the arbitrator is considering the arguments as we speak. We remain pretty confident in the merits of our case, but I regret to say, I don't have any updates to you on really anything beyond that.
David A. Brearton: Some time. There is no time line on the arbitration. So it really is up to the arbitrator when he wants to come back with his decision.
David A. Brearton: We haven't given a specific target, but we have said pricing is going to be a modest -- more modest contributor next year than it's been recently. I mean, as an example, year-to-date, pricing is about 4 points, whereas in the third quarter, it's only 2 points. So it'll be a more modest contributor out of the 5% to 7% next year.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I don't think we've ever said it was going to grow above revenue, certainly, sales. But sales is only one component of the overheads and we would expect to leverage scale on the rest of the overheads as we grow those businesses. So I would expect overheads in Developing Markets to grow at or less than the revenue rate over time. I think in Russia and Brazil, in particular, as we talk about these issues, I don't think these issues had an implication on the infrastructure in those countries. It's not like we have to stand back and add a bunch of new people and new capability. I don't think that's the issue. Will we continue to invest in overheads in those countries where we can expand distribution and gain more sales? Yes, we would, but I think it would be more on the opportunity upside than just correcting some of the things we talked about today.
David A. Brearton: We haven't -- I don't think we've ever given specific interest expense guidance. But I think you can probably work it out yourself pretty easily.
David A. Brearton: So we are going to end up starting the year with more debt than normal and as that matures, we're going to use our free cash to pay it down and the maturities are basically in March and May that we're talking about. So you could probably model that out fairly quickly. Unfortunately, the cash that I have on the balance sheet doesn't deliver much income. So it really is going to be excess interest cost in the first half and then to a more normal level in the back half.
