Brian T. Gladden: Great, thank you, Paula. Good morning and thanks for joining us. Before we get started, I wanted to take a moment to thank Dexter Congbalay for his many contributions to our company throughout the years, including most recently running both Treasury and Investor Relations. As most of you know, Dexter will be leaving us this month. He's been a trusted partner. We'll wish him the very best both personally and professionally. I'd also like to introduce Shep Dunlap, who has joined us as our VP of Investor Relations. Shep brings a great set of skills and experience, and I'm sure you'll enjoy working with him as he settles into his new role here. With that, let me turn the call over to Shep to get started.
Brian T. Gladden: The other thing I would add, Chris, is just emerging – the growth was similar in Q1 and Q2, but the quality in terms of vol/mix got better. So it's not nearly as price driven as it was in the first quarter.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, I wouldn't change, Chris, the view. We feel really good about the first half. As I said, we're a bit ahead on the cost execution. Given the dynamics in the market, clearly it's a volatile environment, and we are planning to invest back and probably more than we would have expected in the first half of the year in the second half to drive some improvement in those shares and the growth. So I think we feel good with where we are. We're not really changing the outlook on margins. And being at 15%-plus for the first half gives us confidence for sure, but we're going to invest.
Brian T. Gladden: Look, I guess, Andrew, I would say if you look at the quarter, maybe I'd start with year-to-date gross margins up 150 basis points ex-mark-to-market, the quarter ex-mark-to-market up 70 basis points. Developed markets have been very strong on gross margins. I think in the quarter, you would have seen some challenges in terms of keeping up with currency-driven inflation in a couple markets. Brazil is a good example. EEMEA is a bit of a challenge in terms of volume leverage. So I would tell you, as we've said and as we shared in the conferences, this is going to be primarily a gross margin driven continued margin expansion. The supply chain work that we're doing is still significant. We feel great about that. The net productivity was very strong. And I think gross margin will continue to be a driver of the margin expansion for us.
Brian T. Gladden: I wouldn't really change anything from what we've said. It continues to be a large spend for us and a big opportunity. We've mobilized resources and analytically are better understanding our trade spend now on a global basis. And I would say we continue to look for opportunities to more effectively manage that spend. In some cases, it's going to allow us to reinvest those dollars in important markets where we think that's necessary to drive growth and good margins. Really for us, it's about balancing share and customer relationships and margins, and that's going to be an important part of how we manage the overall growth of the business and the margins of the business. So nothing's really changed in terms of what we're doing. The activity and the initiative is on track. And I think you'll always see us selectively reinvest trade spend where we have to where we think that's a prudent decision with good ROI.
Brian T. Gladden: I would say not a lot of seasonality in that. It's more the macro dynamics in oil prices, political instability. You can go right down the list. Clearly, Saudi Arabia, Nigeria, Yemen, Syria, those are markets that are challenging, and I would say just consumer demand was down and categories have been down. So we do see some signs of stabilization as we look to the second half of the year. And as we talked about, the other elements of that business, Eastern Europe, Russia has done very well, and there are parts of Africa that have also done well. So we'll manage it. I think it's one of the reasons why you saw us take down the overall view on revenue for the total year is that instability and that volatility.
Brian T. Gladden: For sure, David. I think the reality is we are seeing a little bit different environment where not only we're a bit weaker in terms of category growth in some markets, but seeing how competitors play. And a couple examples we called out in the discussion are North American biscuits and Brazil, where we've seen more aggressive competitive trade spend that's affected our shares and our growth. So that's clearly a place where we're redeploying trade spend. And I would say we're finding, to the first part of your question, we are finding opportunities to free up some dollars in other trade spending we do across the business and realign it in those markets, which is going to be important given the environment that we're seeing.
Brian T. Gladden: SKU rationalization has been ongoing. That's a contributor as much to what we're doing on net productivity and supply chain reinvention. So without getting into specific details on where we might be cutting trade spend or specific accounts, I'm not going to probably get into that.
Brian T. Gladden: And there are big power brand exposures in some of the emerging markets that have slowed, John, so it's really the macro.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Actually, I think, Chris, you have to separate – I think your assessment about emerging markets is correct. Obviously, we're feeling like – having watched what's happening, particularly in Brazil, we're seeing more softness there than we had anticipated. But I'd say in our developed markets it's really all about North America. And Europe is actually continuing to improve sequentially. We're seeing strong vol/mix performance. We're seeing nice performance on share. And so the big change is really on our U.S. biscuit business, whereas we mentioned we saw some very aggressive trade spending from some of our competition. It is not helping to grow the category, but we certainly are responding. And I would tell you even in the early couple of weeks in July we're starting to see that business come back. So net-net, we do expect our developed markets to continue to show strong performance in terms of vol/mix improvement as well as share. But our overall forecast continues to be somewhat muted because the aggregate category growth, which we had thought would be in the 3% to 4% range, is below the lower end of that range, and that's really what's driving our forecast.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: So, Bryan, our capital allocation strategy has not changed. And as I said in my remarks, we have no additional comments on the Hershey situation.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: So we have been planning this for some time, as you said. And one of the most important poles in that tent is local production. And so we have a factory now up and running in Suzhou, and it's ready to go. We have continued to monitor the marketplace to understand the opportunities, both in terms of our portfolio as well as in our channels. And obviously, e-commerce is an important channel for us in China, and our partnership with Alibaba is a critical piece of our launch plan. So it was, frankly, just the opportunity to get all the various elements together for the launch plan. But we think it is quite representative of the growth opportunity that we see in a number of our emerging markets.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Probably the only seasonality that does have an impact is Ramadan in the Mideast. And it was a slow Ramadan season in large measure, as Brian said, because of the macro environment, driven by low oil prices. And that's volume that just doesn't come back. But net-net, our outlook for a number of the other countries is to see continued momentum.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I guess, Rob, it varies a little bit by market. But I think overall we are getting good returns on the A&C investment, and that's why we continue to make those investments. Our A&C is above 9% of revenue. You won't have visibility to that right now, but we continue to see A&C as a critical driver of our brand equities. And certainly as you start to see the recovery in places like the UK, Germany, India, Australia, EU biscuits, it's all reflective of the investments that we're making. And so those are the kinds of places that we will continue to make investments as well as in digital marketing. That said, there are selected hot spots that we've talked about, particularly markets like U.S. biscuit and Brazil where our price gaps are not where we want them to be. And so we are going to invest some trade back in that business, but that's not going to be without A&C support to continue to drive the longer-term brand equity. So net-net, we are increasing A&C in those places where we feel we're getting an adequate return, and that's an important part of our algorithm going forward.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Jason, we'll give you that number at the end of the year as we always do in our 10-K. But again, advertising is an important component of our overall brand equities. We will continue to look to make sure that our share of voice and share of market are well aligned. And I've been very clear about where the key markets are where we're making those investments. But we will continue to monitor the returns that we're getting on those investments, both near term as well as over the longer term.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Look, covering costs with our pricing is critical to our algorithm, as you know. And so it is our intent to continue to price to offset higher input costs, particularly those that are common to industry. And currency in particular continues to be a headwind for us in most markets around the world. And so the key for us as we think about protecting gross margins as well as continuing to drive our ability to invest in our brands, making sure that we have adequate coverage of our cost is critically important. As the market leader, we typically are the first to increase prices. It does often lead to some temporary dislocation, but it ultimately recovers. I talked a lot about – last year I talked a lot about our share position in chocolate in general, but particularly in markets like the UK and Germany. It took some time for the consumers to adjust to those new price points. And now we're starting to see our shares recover. So there's no question there's some short-term dislocation, but our ability to cover costs with our pricing is critical to our overall algorithm.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: 2016, as we've said to you, pricing will be less of a factor than it has been in the past years, but we still do see a couple of the emerging market economies that are going to require that we continue to price.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: So, David, we really believe our point of difference versus other companies is our ability to grow on both the top and the bottom line. We have an advantaged set of assets both in terms of our brand portfolio, our routes to market, as well as in our overall geographic footprint. And we will continue to invest in those assets to drive long-term growth. In the near term and frankly over the longer term, the funding source for those investments will come from continued margin expansion. And as you rightly point out, we see opportunity, as you've heard from us this morning. We continue to see opportunities to deliver margins in the 17% to 18% range in 2018, and certainly we will continue to see opportunities beyond that. So margin remains the source of expansion to the bottom line as well as a source of funding for us to continue to invest in our brand franchises. Even as our global categories have slowed, snacking categories are growing at a much faster rate than other food, and we continue to see the long-term potential of investing in that growth opportunity.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: China is an important market for us. We have some of the most attractive gross margins in that market of any of the emerging markets in the world. But there's no question that the economy has weakened, and that's contributed to slower growth of our categories. And so we have continued to selectively invest in marketing support in our power brands and in particular in e-commerce, as the fastest growth in e-commerce is occurring in China. And we actually see close to 10% of snacks being purchased online, and it's one of the drivers of the partnership that we struck with Alibaba. So we really believe that strong programming we have on our core franchises, biscuit and gum, together with the launch of China will help us to continue the momentum in that market. But near term, we do remain cautious, given the economy. But there's no question as we look at the long-term profile, the growing middle class, the urbanization of the population, and the opportunity for continued distribution gains, China will continue to be an important part of the growth story.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I would say it's the latter, John. There's no question that if you think about our overall share performance, we're only down 0.3 points of share in the U.S. biscuit. But given the size of that market, it has a profound impact on our overall performance. And so there's no question that getting that U.S. biscuit business back growing again more significantly is a critical piece of our overall performance. But our power brands will continue to be the growth drivers of our overall portfolio. They carry higher margins. They grow at a faster rate. And we expect that we are now over time continuing to put them on advantaged assets through the work we're doing in supply chain reinvention. And so the Q2 numbers were largely impacted by the U.S. biscuit situation.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I'm not going to give you our business proposition. But again, we see it as a very attractive market. And frankly the opportunity, many of the players in that market have not performed particularly well of late, and so we see it as a real opportunity for us to take some leadership and get the category growing faster.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Obviously, it's early days, Ken, and so I think it's hard to tell you exactly how incremental it is as consumers shift their behavior from more traditional channels. It's not going to be 100% incremental. But there's no question that we have the opportunity as we look at the kinds of items were offering in those channels as well as the nature of the consumption occasions that the consumer is using those channels for, be it gifting or subscription opportunities, that clearly will be incremental to our base business. And so it's one of the reasons we're so encouraged about that opportunity and have chosen to invest significantly behind it.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I think the opportunity is both white space in terms of our category participation as well as our channel participation. As we look at emerging markets, for example, we still see growth in the traditional trade. And so part of our investment in route-to-market in areas like Brazil or India or even China as we think about getting outside the main cities is designed to access those consumers and that consumption that we don't cover with our participation in the modern trade. So it's both white space with respect to brands and innovation opportunities as well as with respect to channel.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: So, Jon, let me answer the second question first, which is absolutely we see the opportunity. There's no question. There are different models within e-commerce. Alibaba is much more of a single-item model versus some of the models that we see with some of our traditional retailers in the developed markets that are more just a market basket approach to a way to buy their normal purchases. So we see every opportunity to learn from the experience we're having with Alibaba and bring some of the unique items, some of the subscription opportunities for brands like belVita, for example, to the online space and to drive our growth. And that is the big opportunity that we see. We are certainly learning a lot from the various partnerships that we have around the world. With respect to chocolate in China, we have studied this for quite some time. The Chinese consumers love brands with personality. We've done a lot of testing with the consumer, and our Milka bundle is a very unique bundle. The purity of Alpine milk together with some of the assets that you're familiar with, the Lila cow, for example, are really positive with the Chinese consumer. And we have every expectation that we can actually bring growth back to this market with the launch of Milka.
