Dirk Van De Put: Thank you, Andrew. I'll start and then I can hand it over to Luca. Well, if I look first at emerging markets, they continue to be a major growth engine for us. In Q3, they grew double-digit. Year-to-date, they're growing double-digit, they're high single-digit on a 2-year CAGR, so very strong volume growth, good pricing. And linking that to the consumer, I think what we're seeing is that the consumer confidence is improving in markets like India, big parts of Latin America, they are seeing the vaccine roll out, they're seeing life going back to normal. They feel better about their personal finances and that is reflected in their consumption. At the same time, they still spent more time at home, which benefits our categories.  Particularly the bric k countries are very strong with a very strong double-digit growth in India and Brazil, and high single-digit growth in China and Russia. The execution there in those 4 countries as we've entered this quarter. But at the same time looking at Africa, Poland, Pakistan, Mexico, they're all growing well. The only places in the emerging markets where we see some disruption is in some smaller markets, particularly Southeast Asia, where the COVID cases were quiet severe and there was serious restrictions. We talked about our plant in Vietnam being closed for 3 weeks, and so that has had an effect on Q3 but hopefully that will be temporary.  From developed markets, what I would say, demand is strong but it's a challenging operating environment, particularly in the U.S. So we had big consumption spikes in 2020, particularly in the U.S. But so far we are up 2% in revenue in Q3 and just over 1% year-to-date lapping a very strong last year. But if you look at a two-year CAGR, it's over 3%. That is well above where we were in 2019, where we were growing about 2% in developed markets. And we see the consumer behavior where the consumer on average is spending 15% more time at home than before the pandemic; that is clearly benefiting our categories and our portfolio. Looking particularly or specifically at North America, it's growing well on a two-year CAGR -- almost 4%, but declining slightly year-to-date versus last year.  But again, 2020 was a extremely strong year for North America. The demand remains very robust in biscuits, but the servil -- service challenges in the second half, due to pressures on the logistic capacity, third-party labor and the strike, which is now resolved, had an impact in Q3 and will continue to have an impact in Q4. Europe, we're seeing a very solid quarter, very solid year-to-date, the demand for our core categories is robust. We've got a very strong year-to-date revenue growth for the UK, for Germany, the Nordics. and mass retail, which is lapping strong growth last year is still very good.  And then of course we're benefiting from the recovery in convenience and travel retail as the consumer is regaining mobility. Maybe the other thing that I would say that we are in an inflationary environment. We've been increasing prices and we plan to increase the prices more than we've done, at least in the time that I'm here and probably for quite a while as a Company. For what is good is that the elasticity levels are below historic levels and almost nothing to speak of. So that is helping the overall performance. Maybe over to you, Luca.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes. So historically, our global brands have been growing faster than local jewels, but we have been accelerating the growth of our local jewels and largely through renovations and activations. 2020 was different. There our local jewels grew faster than our global brands because a number of our global brands were impact ed by COVID -related changes in consumer behavior. So Toblerone, for instance, because of travel retail decline, Hall's because it was very limited cough and cold season.  And then Trident because the gum category was impacted by reduced mobility. If you then look at 2021 -- year-to-date 2021, global brands are now growing faster again than local . But both are growing very strongly. Both are in the mid single-digit group. And w'are very happy with where our local brands are at this moment, from flat to declining a few years ago, they're now, as I said, mid-single-digit. We continued to step up brand investments year-over-year and we're going to continue to activate more local jewels over time. So we think we've found the ideal balance, and we continue to continue -- to keep on going as we are.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes. I mean, as a principal, what we're trying to do is the mixture between volume growth, pricing, and mix, needs to offset the inflation, that's how we think about it. And then on top of that, we have a whole productivity program, which we use to increase our margins. It's different from the past in the sense that we are not as aggressive on pricing, we're not trying to build extra margin because of pricing, we're trying through the mixture of those three things, maintain it as it is. And then the extra comes from the productivity programs. The other big difference versus the past is that we continue to increase year-over-year our investment in our brands.  First of all, our overall A&C pot, but then also how much we are shifting within A&C into working media. So the worst you can do, I think is increase prices and not increase your support for your brands. So we've been supporting our brands now every year more and more. Our media pressure has significantly increased versus 3, 4 years ago. We can see that the brand health is increasing. So I think our brands are now more susceptible to pricing and the consumer should accept it better. Those are the two big differences, Bryan, versus what it was a few years ago.
Dirk Van De Put: Yes. At the moment, what we are modeling is the historical elasticity. We have to take into account also that -- and we know that the current elasticity we're seeing is better. so that would potentially be an upside for us. We also are using what we call RGM, Revenue Growth Management, which is a mixture of different techniques if I can call it like that, and it's not always a straightforward price increase. If I look at the consumer, I think the main thing that's at work here, is that consumer confidence is stabilizing, mobility is on the rise. They have an ongoing desire for comfort, so they want to snack and they're spending more time at home.  All that gives a very strong demand for our categories. Our categories are growing more like 4% around the world versus a 3% that we usually plan for. And so the -- I think that is leading to consumers to almost have no elasticity at the moment. And we hope, or we think that that will remain quite a while. And so I think we don't want to do that in our planning for next year, but we do believe that there might be better elasticity than what we planning for at the moment.
Dirk Van De Put: Okay. On this zero, the --the thinking was that we wanted to make sure that we have worked as much detail as we potentially could. And so we were a little bit represent in the past few years to declare anything until the team has done their homework. And so they've been working quite hard, we've gone quite deep. I'm being told that it's probably one of the deepest exercises in trying to understand how do you really get there. And so we were really wondering. Hey, will we get there? Can we make a plan that began realistically believe in that it's doable. And then we wanted to know the different details step-by-step, but it means. So if I summarize it a little bit, it's obviously a very significant announcement for us.  It's really an acceleration and an extension of our existing initiative. Applies to all our greenhouse grasses and the full supply chain, so scope 1, 2, and 3. And with this, we are joining the UN race to 0 and the SVTI business ambition for 1.5 degree Celsius. If you look at our footprint, 71% of our footprint is coming from ingredients. And so the 3 big areas to work on is those ingredients, it's our own operations and it's our logistics. And if you think about it, in ingredients, that means that we need to continue and increase our investment in cocoa life. That's one of the big factors.  We have a wheat program related to regenerative agriculture. We need to extend that. We need to make sure that our whole packaging approach is clear on recyclable, but also working on the recyclability and the use of virgin plastic over the years. We needed to get into our operations, understand renewable electricity. We need to reduce food waste which we've done quite significantly, but we need to do more. 50% in our own operations, 50% in our distribution, for instance. We need to change all our ovens.  We need to change all our boilers, and so on and so on. And then in logistics, we need to switch to electric vehicles, hydrogen trucks, work on our warehouse emissions, and change the efficiency of our networks. Just to name a few things of what this means. So the team has worked through all these details and they've come up with a plan that is credible. It's not easy. We've also made a 10-year plan for the Company, Vision 2030, which, during 2022, we're planning and Investor Day around that.  And all the costs of net-zero have been built into that plan, which is another thing that we wanted to make sure of that we had the cost clear. So that's why you felt in the past month we were a little bit hesitant because we were working through this exercise and I really didn't know is this all add up and if this is the plan that we really believe in. But I think we've come up with something strong that the Company feels that we can deliver. It's not going to be easy, but that's why we can make the announcements right now.
Dirk Van De Put: So on on gum and candy can be maybe first on gum. I think it was coming in world travel retail. But on gum roughly, I would say gum drops to about 65% to 70% last year, of what it is in 2019 because of mobility. I think for the total of '21, it's going to be roughly around 85, maybe 90% of where it was in 2019. And then we expect that it will close that gap in 2022. Now, in the beginning of the year, the recuperation was slower. Recently, we have seen an acceleration of the recuperation of gum. So we're talking about double-digit revenue year-to-date, growth of gum, and strong double-digit revenue growth in Q3.  So year-to-date on a 2-year CAGR, were still negative high-single-digit, but as I said, the recovery is going faster. And then we starting to see some markets, particularly China and Russia, where we now have a positive 2-year CAGR on gum. The emerging markets remain attractive for us and the question is really on the developed markets, which is only 2% of our 2020 net revenue. And so that's -- that's really where we expected recovery to be slowest. As it relates to world travel retail, that dropped almost to 0, I would say, It was probably at 5% of what it was before the pandemic.  This year, we will probably get back to depending a little bit what happens at the end of the year we traveled, but maybe 65% 70% and then depending on what consumers decide to do as it relates to travel, that's the big unknown. We will for sure go up significantly next year, but I'm not quite sure that we will see the same amount of travel. And as a consequence, buying on travel as we saw in 2019. So that's still a little bit up in the the air. But we will get close to I think gum will be all the way back. But remember, gum wasn't growing a lot in 2019, so back but no significant growth and world travel retail close, but not completely we think.
Dirk Van De Put: Sorry. Yes, the wide space opportunities for us are -- I mean, if you look at our building blocks for growth, the first 2 are pretty straightforward. It make sure our categories keep on growing. We are big players in our category, our category growth depends pulsely of us. Second, continue to increase our market share and that gives us a bigger growth. Third, there is the channel expansion that we can do. We are not having the same market share in all channels. Thinking about, for instance, online or digital commerce in the more developed markets. But we're also talking about numerical distribution in emerging markets. As I was saying in the prepared remarks, we are increasing China by 120,000 stores and India by 80,000 stores our presence this quarter alone.  So then on top of that, there's high growth segments within our categories, and so I'm thinking about well-being, thinking about premium, and those are some of the areas that we are underrepresented and that we should be really launching new products in there and using some of the acquisitions that we've been seeing to getting there, for instance, out grenade or  would fit in this category. Then we have geographic wide spaces around the world, countries where we are not yet that present.  And so we haven't done that many yet, although an acquisition like Chipita, which largely plays in East and Central Europe and some of the other emerging markets. Obviously, we'll reinforce our presence, but they're largely in the same countries as we are or where we already have a smaller presence but it certainly will give us more critical mass. And then the last one is the closing adjacencies, which are the bakery and the bar segment.  And so Chipita fits or Give & Go fully fall into that sort of growth opportunity that we have. And so that's the last wide space. So it's between channel, high-growth segments, geographical wide spaces, and closing adjacencies. Those are the 4 big wide spaces that we have.
Dirk Van De Put: No. I think we've come clearly through the end. Thank you for your interest in the Company. Happy to reply to more questions. Please contact the Shep and Andrei and we will do whatever we can to help you out. And looking forward to talk to you at the end of the year to give you a full update of where we've ended 21 and give you our guidance for 22.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Dirk and hi Andrew. I'll start with revenue guidance. And as far as revenue goals, I would simply say the business is fundamentally in a good place. You might have seen in the pages that we presented that Chocolate and Biscuit categories are vibrant. On a two-year stock, our share gains are very good. And you might also have noticed that pricing contribution is increasing as you would expect given the cost pressures we are facing. But also that volume is holding up quite well. We can also say that virtually all international businesses are positioned very well for both Q4 and 2022. However, in North America, obviously the 6-week strike predominantly, but also the volatility that Dirk mentioned, is putting some pressure on our supply chain, and that will impact the Q4 performance, in a context where the market is steadily positive and demand is quite good.  So we estimate that mostly because of the strike impact in Q4, that there will be a 1 point of revenue pressure for the whole of Mondelez. So to sum it up, Q4 is still going to be a good quarter, I believe in terms of revenue when considering that there is the one-time strike impact. And at this point, we feel quite good about top line and its momentum into 2022. From a profitability standpoint, we also feel good about the full-year profit outlook. In the end I think you know, that year-to-date GP dollar is up by 5%, EBIT by 8% and all in a context where we are increasing A&C double-digits with over at flat. And I feel comfortable with our EPS high-single-digit guidance for 2021.  Having said that, I have to recognize that there is some GP pressure in Q3 and that will persist into Q4 and partly into 2022. The pressure is due to commodity transportation costs and compounded, quite frankly, by some industry-wide supply chain constraints. North America is driving most of the pressure in the GP line in the quarter, and it is, in fact, the only region that declined GP dollars versus last year with the other regions all above or close to our goal of 4% GP growth year-on-year. We are taking the appropriate actions to counter those cost spikes. We have recently announced a 6% to 7% price list increase in the U.S, which will take effect in 2022, January.  We have also announced pricing in Q4 in Brazil, Mexico, Russia, Southeast Asia, Africa, and across Western Europe. We are leveraging RGM as we said many times, also going after productivity and general cost measures. So we expect sequential improvement versus previous years in the following quarters as more pricing kicks in. So at this point, we believe that our 2022 EBITDA growth will be solid through volume mix pricing, obviously productivity, and we're still contemplating meaningful A&C increases at this point. So 2022 from an EBITDA standpoint should be on algorithm based on what we know today.  because obviously Q1 will be a little bit more pressure and we will provide more clear and comprehensive guidance in the next earnings cycle for 2022.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Maybe I'll start and obviously the  here. Looking the end, we see the long-term algorithm as a baseline. Our categories -- if you look at historical levels, they have been growing at 3 plus percent, and that clearly is a good place to start from. We plan to gain share. So we should be always above the 3% mark and that's really what drives this baseline. In the end, we are more focused on actuals than long-term algorithms. And by executing well, obviously, we aim at being closer to a number that is with 4 than with 3.  And so that's really the rationale behind the long-term algorithm. If there are some catalyst, namely some portfolio changes and more acquisitions, I think that will be the good opportunity for us to revisit the algorithm and declare formally that we aim at something higher than 3% plus. But I think you're right, in the end, the track record we have speaks for itself. We have been steadily delivering higher growth and we plan to do so also going forward.
Luca Zaramella: Versus last year, they should be a little bit better. We should have a little bit less pressure. Remember, we are in some emerging markets specifically implementing additional pricing, which went into effect in July, August. And so it should be sequentially better when compared to last year.
Luca Zaramella: Maybe I'll take that. So on the strike from a top-line standpoint, as we said in Q3, the impact is fairly new. There was virtually no impact as we enter the quarter with actively high trade stock, given the elevated consumption, we have depleted that stop. And so there is an impact in Q4, but we quantify together with some other supply chain related issues at one point of revenue for Q4. From a cost standpoint, we have mitigated the cost impact, obviously all the puts and takes are slightly negative, but they are not meaningful on the top P&L profile for Q4. Clearly, some demand pressure -- some supply pressure will put a little bit of a cost strain on the value chain, and we will have a little bit of under-absorption kicking - in in the P&L in Q4, but that's as far as it goes, no material I would say, overall at this point.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, let's partner here, Dirk. So I -- the simple answer is we had a lot being particularly on promotional activities. Also giving obviously some internal dynamics to our Company which we discussed. We had luck being at promotional windows and promotional activities well before Q2 and that bound us with our customers to certain promo windows and certain promo activities. And we thought that rather than disrupting even further the supply chain, our preference was really to go for a full 100% price increase as of January 1st.  So there might be a couple of quarters of -- at these location. But I think, all-in-all considering all the effects that we had internal and external, it was better for us to go in effect with pricing as of Q1 next year. Obviously, we will be extremely nimble here. We still don't know to what extent logistics costs will spike during the Christmas season and the holiday season in the U.S. So if we see continuous cost pressure, at this point, we cannot rule out additional pricing waves, and at that point, it will be more simultaneous to what we see than it has been this last time.
Luca Zaramella: It is an overall net average price increase in the U.S. portfolio. So we have announced that for Biscuit, and on average that's the number, we are going with gum and candy as well. Hall's will be a little bit later in the cycle. But all in all it is going to be very close to the 6%, 7%.
Luca Zaramella: We announced earlier in the year the closure of the plants. And with all the activities we have been having around the reset of some of the U.S. network, that's really the biggest part of the cost in restructuring. So that's, that's really what it is at this point.
Luca Zaramella: Obviously, we have an internal rate of return expectation that is well in excess of cost of capita. You might imagine that particularly as it relates to the 2 plans, we're going to avoid fixed cost as we go into next year. And so the return is going to be on the high side. On top of that, the strike resolution did gets us additional flexibility. It was a win-win for us and our employees to whom we gave good benefits I believe. But together with the avoidance of fixed cost, the additional flexibility, this program itself is going to yield good returns.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. As I said,in the end when I look at really GP growth across the board for our regions, I feel quite good about what was accomplished across the European business, the EMEA business, and the Latin America business. The pressure can release from North America and it is, quite frankly, mostly attributable to the logistics and transportation cost constraints that we have seen. We also had to acknowledge though, that particularly around some commodities like edible oils, etc. There has been some pressure. So I would say that the GP line pressure comes in Q4 mostly because of the commodity and logistics cost. And it is mostly attributable to the North America business.  And so a s you think going forward, pricing should really improve margins because I believe the cost severity in Q3 is quite high in my goal a little bit further in Q4 and into next year. But it can not fiscally, proportionately the same amount as we have seen in Q2 and Q3, in Q4, and into 2022. So that's a little bit of color around the GP line.
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. Maybe I'll go with the first part and answer the gum and candy questions. I think you know how big North America is in total for the Company and you have a sense of what a 6%, 7% price increase would do. So I think your math is in the ballpark. Obviously the question is, how is volume going to react? And what we're seeing at the moment it is that elasticities are more benign than they have been historically, but we need to see protracted price increases into next year, and we need to see what moving away from some price anchors will do to our consumers. And that's a little bit the question mark at this point. As I said though, for the totality of the Company at this time, I see good revenue momentum going into '22, and I see revenue being on algorithm for next year as well.
Luca Zaramella: No, I think it has been a consistent theme, the one that we have been implementing in the Company in terms of A&C investment. If I look back, I think since 2019, even despite fine tuning the A&C line. in 2020, given obviously COVID, we have been able to increase A&C, I think versus 2018 by 25% f you look between again, 2018 and where we are today. Particularly on the working media, we have been improving quite a bit the situation about what we spend in that P&L line.  And I would also say the quality of advertising and the mix of advertising it has been got improving the ROI quite a bit. And so I think that's one of the things that has made the mobile more sustainable for us. And I think when you look at volume growth, share gains, there is a strong linkage with these investments we have been making in global and local brands.
