Dexter Congbalay: Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Brian Gladden, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release and today’s slides, which are available on our website mondelēzinternational.com. As you know, during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Dexter Congbalay: Hey, Eric. Regarding -- it’s Dexter, sorry. Regarding A&C, you said that we’re cutting A&C. I think Brian mentioned a few minutes ago, we actually increased our spending on our Power Brands. And the reduction in our A&C from a percentage standpoint is largely driven through gaining efficiencies and shifting a little bit more towards digital. So I don’t know what you were listening to earlier, but that’s what Brain said a few minutes ago.
Dexter Congbalay: Eric, it was down a little bit on a percentage of revenue. We increased our spending on our Power Brands. Okay.
Dexter Congbalay: Hi, it’s Dexter. Thanks for everybody for joining the call. Nick and I will be available for the rest of the day and over the course of the next week. We’ll see everybody at CAGNY. Just so everybody knows we’ll be presenting at 12:30 on Tuesday -- 12:30 Eastern Time. And we hope to see everybody there. Thank you.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, I actually think without a doubt, we are making some near-term prioritization in both of those geographies for margin. But I feel quite comfortable that with the guidance that we’re giving to you that we made some reasonable expectations about where we expect the revenue to fall out. There is no question in Europe, in particular. We are experiencing some short-term headwinds as consumers and customers adapt to the new prices. I inspect that that will improve as the year progresses in both Europe and in North America. As I mentioned, we certainly are experiencing some category slowdown. We are taking a number of actions to improve that both in terms of marketing as well as some trade investments and we are starting to see the benefits of those investments. So net-net, I am quite confident that we will deliver the revenue that we need in both of those geographies consistent with the margin expectations that we set.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yeah, I just want to build on that Brian. We are very focused on what we can control in this environment. And so we have high confidence that the commitments we are giving to you are some things that we have a clear line of sight to and we’ve built our revenue. We think in a reasonable fashion given the realities of the market. And we got clear visibility to the programming that will drive the margin expansion. So net-net, it is a challenging environment. But we are very focused on making sure that we got in hand what we can control to drive our commitments.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, if you think about it, David, we saw an acceleration even in the course of last year. We took pricing early in the year. As we shared with you, we led pricing in all of our categories. So the impact of that pricing plays out differently in each of the regions and differently over the course of time. And so the good news is in many of our emerging markets, we’ve now seen those price gaps start to narrow. As I mentioned Europe remains particularly in chocolate, one of the regions, where those gaps are still bigger than we’d like them to be. But the reason for the acceleration in the underlying growth is simply that as consumers adjust to these higher price points as our customers particularly in Europe reflect these higher price points, we expect that the market will be in -- move into more of a position of equilibrium.
Irene Rosenfeld: Again, it’s a -- there’s no question that our gap in Europe are wider than we’d like them to be. As you believe, it’s a question of timing. And so again we feel quite confident with the programming that we’ve got. We’re trying to see some good recovery to more of a normal state in a number of our key markets and we’re going to stay the course. We’ve got very strong brands and we believe that they have the pricing power. And we just need to take some time for the gaps to narrow a little bit and for the competition to catch up. But we are quite confident that given that their facing the very same cost headwinds that we are, that if the market will get back into more equilibrium in the foreseeable future. But again, it’s one of the reasons that we’re suggesting that our profile will improve as the year progresses.
Irene Rosenfeld: But again, we know about what ‘14 looks like and we know what a double-digit growth rate is. So you can trust us that we’re not kidding.
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually, our share performance has actually been quite strong and we expect that to continue. What actually is encouraging, we’re starting to see the category recover a little bit. So we’ve had an incredible run in North America, particularly on our biscuit business. We have been growing 4% to 5% well in excess of the category trends over the last couple of years. As we saw in the back half of last year, we started to see a slowdown and we’re just basically going to continue to push the levers that have been so successful for us. We have the strong innovation plant. We’re continuing to leverage our DSC muscle and we believe that that goes together. We started to see some recovery you’re seeing it in the numbers as well. And we believe that that will continue into 2015.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yeah. I won’t say the U.K. was different. We saw one of our competitors, Mars, in particular promoting quite aggressively. And I’m pleased to say that we have responded to those actions and we’re feeling comfortable that we’re going to start to see a trajectory of change there. The reality is that a number of our multinational competitors have just lagged a little bit in their pricing response and that put some pressure on the business. But once again, it’s one of the reasons we have protected our working ANC so carefully. It’s one of the reasons we have really focused very much on looking market-by-market to ensure that we’ve got the right programming and we have great confidence that we will start to see that trajectory improve. But again, it isn’t necessarily going to happen overnight which is why we see the back half. It will build over the course of the year and the back half will be stronger.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, a big focus is really which is the markets that matter most. And as we look at the world, we think about which are our key markets and our focus remains particularly, in a time when we want to make sure that our spending is having the greatest impact. We are focusing it disproportionately on our Power Brands and on those key markets that matter. And you’ll see us do that in each of our core categories.
Irene Rosenfeld: But I guess, it’s just under 300 points. It was disproportionately in our developed markets. And I think you’re seeing those -- that strong performance play through in the margin progression in 2014 that you see in North America and in Europe. So we’re very much on track to deliver those targets that we laid out.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yeah. And the innovation is still the lifeblood of our business. We remained very focused on that Alexia. And it was about 13% -- it contributed about 13%, it was about 13% of our revenue. And we expect to see that we will continue to perform in that range, which we’re quite comfortable with. It’s one of the reasons that our Power Brands grew about 4% last year. And we’re quite comfortable that we’ve got a pipeline for 2015 that will basically drive the underlying growth that we’ve laid out in our commitments.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, Jason, if you look at the most recent cost, your point is correct. But if you look over the course of the year, there is no question these cost are all still up year-over-year and that’s really what we’ve been responding to. So the facts are that the market basket of inputs for our chocolate business are among the highest and they were a key part of our -- key reason for contributor to the $1.6 billion of pricing that we took this past year. So it is still a headwind for us. We are taking the necessary steps to start by protecting profitability and making sure that we are pricing to recover those costs. We’re supporting our Power Brands in particular with the necessary spending to help to mitigate the impact and I’m quite confident that as the market adapts to these new price points, both from an absolute elasticity standpoint, as well as from a price gap standpoint as competitors take pricing actions, I am quite confident that we’ll see the market recover.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I -- no, I would say that even with the recent deflation, there is still a net -- there’s a need to catch up to some of the earlier cost increases and that’s just undeniable.
Irene Rosenfeld: We still feel comfortable over the reasonable horizon, John, we will be able to get our emerging market margins up to peer levels. As you saw, we had a very strong year in LA. We’re making progress in Europe. In EMEA, it doesn’t show as well because of this tremendous impact at pricing had on our overall business and AP remains a place a little bit of a construction site for us as we see our China business recovering overtime. So we will see those margins improved, a lot of the focus of our ZBB activities are design to address overhead opportunities in those markets and they will also benefit from some of the supply chain work that we’re doing particularly as we add more efficient lines with our capacity expansion. So we will see those margins come up in the very short-term, because the currency has been so volatile in those emerging markets. It’s been a significant headwind in those geographies.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, as we told you, we are making an investment there. We are still investing in the shell, building in Siberia. And we’ll continue to monitor that situation to make sure that our assets are appropriately protected. As I’ve said on the call, I’m quite pleased with the performance of our team. They have done a very good job even in the face of some of the sanctions. But certainly, as we think about making additional investments, we want to continue to keep our ear to the ground.
Irene Rosenfeld: No. I mean, again, as we’ve said, as we think about our margin opportunity as an enterprise, the two biggest opportunities lay in our developed markets. And I’m very pleased with the progress that we’ve made in Europe on basically all aspects of the P&L. So, I think we are well positioned.
Irene Rosenfeld: So, let me take those in a couple of pieces, Eric. There is no question that our long-term algorithm assumes a balanced, a volume, mix and pricing. And in the short-term, there is no question that we’re leaning disproportionately on pricing given the enormous increases that we are seeing in both our commodity increases, as well as in the impact of the currency devaluation. So it was about 4.5 points of our 2.4 points of revenue growth. So it was a significant impact, which says vol/mix was a negative and there is no question. As I’ve talked about couple of times on the call that in the short-term, the $1.6 billion of pricing that we took has had an impact in the marketplace. We are monitoring that very carefully. We are thoughtful about which market and which categories we are monitoring and protecting. And the end in mind is to get our ourselves back on to a trajectory over the long-term where we grow at or above the rates of our category growth. But in the near-term, the single biggest opportunity for us to ensure that we had adequate money to invest in our franchises is to make sure that we’re pricing to protect our margins in the face of escalating cost. So there is nothing about the numbers that’s inconsistent with the approach that we are taking. Over the long-term, we would expect to see our business is growing at or above the rates of our categories. But in the near-term, while costs are as volatile as they are, we want to make sure that we are protecting our profitability and that has a short-term dislocation impact.
Irene Rosenfeld: Simple answer is yes. I think as you just saw in the fourth quarter, it contributed about 2 points to our overall growth. We had a strong fourth quarter. We are well staged for this year as we set up the JV. And as we said, we are confident that the deal will close sometime this year.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, I mean emerging markets continue to be an important source of our growth. So we expect to see some recovery, as again as the markets adjust to the pricing levels, as we close our price gaps, and as we continue to invest in the franchises. So we have great hopes for our emerging markets in aggregate. I did call out Russia because I would suggest given the events there we would expect to see a somewhat different trend there next year in 2015 than we had last year. But long-term, we continue to feel quite bullish about Russia and the rest of our emerging markets. But, I mean, if you look at our performance in India and Brazil and China is starting to come back, they will be a critical piece of our performance in 2015.
Brian Gladden: Yes, Chris, it’s Brian. There was really the start-up this year of ZBB. But as you look at the overhead reductions, 90 basis point improvement year-over-year, it really was a big contributor. So a lot of focus on key categories of cost and indirect spending where we change policies, move to best practices that we learned in that process. And as we built the plans for 2015, we really did use the ZBB base process to build the operating plans. So I would say we are still in the early days. It will be a big contributor as we look at 2015 and into '16 using that tool. But good progress so far.
Brian Gladden: Yeah. I think the goals that we are providing for the full year, I would tell you as we look at some really critical drivers, supply chain improvements, the overhead reductions, even the pricing frankly, these were dynamics that will cause margins to accelerate through the year. Those benefits are more back-end loaded, just given the execution and as we work through for instance the start-up of the Mexico plant. That will drive benefits significantly higher in the second half than in the first half. So not getting into specifics around quarterly trajectory or margin targets by quarter, but it will be more back-end loaded.
Brian Gladden: Look I think we as a team spent a lot of time on building the plan as you point out. So, clearly some pieces moving around as you think about the year. But this is a reasonable plan that I think we worked hard to build confidence and backstops around this commitment. So there is clearly some pieces moving around, it’s a relatively volatile environment. But as I said, there is things that we can control and we are working extra hard on those things to make sure we have offsets and backstops to allow us to deliver this commitment.
Brian Gladden: I think similar dynamics will continue to play out. As you think about transactional exposures, clearly we work hard through program -- through hedging programs as well as our efforts on pricing and cost reductions in the regions to drive consistency of execution there. It is a volatile environment. We have a hedge program, that’s designed to provide some cushion to allow us to get prices in place, but we feel like that’s what we have been doing and we will continue to execute that.
Brian Gladden: Yeah. Not really we are going to parse in detail. I would tell you that this is a supply chain reinvention, ZBB, overhead reduction driven plan. That’s what you saw in 2014. And I think that’s what you will continue to see in '15.
Brian Gladden: Well, that productivity in ‘14 was actually closer to 600. It was a record for the company at 2.8%. And I would tell you given all the activities around supply chain that will continue to accelerate. That's a big part of what we’re focused on.
Brian Gladden: Look, I think it’s -- what you’re suggesting is wider than we would expect. The reality is there is a volatile environment and we want to be a little bit careful and give ourselves a little bit of room here. But those are sort of the numbers that I think we meant to say, you can interpret them how you like.
Brian Gladden: Yeah. Look I think over the mid-term, the next couple of years, 20% is a good number to the extent we’re somewhat below that for ‘15. It’s sort of acknowledging some expected discretes and some things that we know about it in 2015. But 20% is about the right rate for the next two to three years.
Brian Gladden: Yeah. Because I think the team has done a really good job in managing the spend. We made some great progress in driving productivity in the spend around non-working, consolidating media accounts, reducing the spending and driving productivity and then moving more to digital. So all of these elements, I think gave us some flexibility to take the spend down a bit but also to continue to get value from the spend. We actually increased our spending on ANC around our Power Brands last year. And we’re able to reduce spending in other parts that allowed us to actually get some good momentum there. So I think you’ll see us continue to focus the spend in the right places. And as we see progress throughout the year, we’d like to see that increase actually. So good progress in terms of getting productivity and allowing us to spend those dollars on real working media.
Brian Gladden: Yeah. I think when you look at cost reduction programs and ZBB as a methodology, overheads are easier to get out. They’re quicker to realize benefits. And we’ve done things like changing policies and tightening down controls on spending in key categories of spend. Those things are not depended on capital projects to improve the plan as you would have in COGS-focused effort. So that’s really the driver. I think as you look at 2014, probably, slightly ahead of expectations from what we were driving on overheads. And I think there is more to do there. It’s clearly going to continue to be a contributor to the margin improvement. And I think you’ll see that in the 2015 results as well.
Brian Gladden: Yeah. Look, I think, what I would focus on is the underlying working capital progress is actually really good and we wanted to -- we want to talk about, that I will talk more about at CAGNY. I would say, 2015 will be the high year in terms of cash use for restructuring and CapEx related to the program. So in ’16 it will begin to decline and then as you said, ’17 it will be relatively small. So I think the underlying cash flow performance when you look at operating cash flow and free cash flow for the business, we’re working hard to improve that and as this -- the cost related to the restructuring, as they go away, it’s a pretty powerful cash flow story.
Brian Gladden: Yeah. I think specifically for LatAm, we talked about it. About half of the improvements driven by costs, cost actions and the other half is a one-time benefit related to VAT accruals in the region that contributed about 20 basis points in the fourth quarter. But the reality is there is underlying improvement in cost structure, the pricing is working. We are improving margins.
Brian Gladden: Yes. It’s driven by improvements in lower SG&A and better gross margins, so it’s the right things. Yeah.
Eric Katzman: Yes. But you're including currency, that's like a -- okay. And then kind of more, I guess -- I was just really surprised, like Latin America margins at 20% in the quarter, EU margins at very high levels. I think you mentioned there was a one-time benefit to LatAm. But maybe you could explain a little bit more as to why those margins were just so high, given challenging fundamentals and I assume some currency headwinds even in the quarter.
Eric Katzman: Okay. And then -- thank you for that. And then -- just kind of thinking like, at least in the fourth quarter, right, volume mix was down in every segment. And your market share, although this is an annual number, you lost market share in a majority of the business. I'm looking on slide 6. I mean that's in dollar terms. That’s in dollar terms. But I guess I'm not really sure how to judge, Irene, kind of organic topline performance. Price is now such a function of trying to offset the currency devaluations. If I look at vol/mix, it's down. Your share is down and your A&P budget is being cut. So kind of how do I think about that? I thought the goal was to gain share even with the categories struggling.
Eric Katzman: Well, I understand that, but I guess as obviously a very brand-oriented company long-term, advertising and promotion as a percentage of your -- or A&C as a percentage of sales, historically that's been a very good measure of brand equity and brand health. You didn't even mention it anywhere. I mean, there's no comment as to what A&C spending is in the press release…
