Christopher Jakubik: Good afternoon, and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Tim McLevish, our Chief Financial Officer. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release. The release, along with today's slides, are available on our website, kraftfoodscompany.com. As you know, during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. So please refer to the cautionary statement and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks will also include non-GAAP financial measures. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our news release and at the back of the slide presentation. So, let me now turn it over to Irene.
Christopher Jakubik: Jon, I think in terms of how you're doing your math, I think you're dropping 100% of the synergies. What we've said when we laid out the kind of the program, we said that you've got integration synergy of $750 million but we also said at the same time, we'd probably reinvest about 25% of that back into the business. So I think you've got to be a little careful in terms of how you're doing your math and how you're doing your attribution.
Christopher Jakubik: Thanks, everybody for joining us today. For anybody who has further questions, Mike Mitchell will be around to take your questions from the media. And Dexter Condole [ph] and I will be around to take any follow-up questions from the analysts and investors. So thanks again for joining us, and we'll speak to you soon.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Chris, and good afternoon. First off, we had another good quarter in a challenging environment. Every geography delivered solid results. In North America, we posted sequential improvement in top line performance despite weak consumer demand and less merchandising activity than the prior year. In Europe, we delivered another quarter of solid revenue growth despite soft categories. We also continued to grow our margins and have sustained them in the low teens. In Developing Markets, further investment in our Power Brands and in priority markets again drove strong revenue growth in Asia Pacific and Latin America. Second, as we told you in August, we plan to reinvest our first half earnings upside to build a stronger foundation for future growth. And that's exactly what we did. We continued to increase our investments in advertising, including a double-digit increase in North America. This ensures that our brands are as strong as possible as the economy improves. We also normalized Cadbury's trade inventories in certain developing markets. And as expected, this tempered our top line growth. So overall, the third quarter played out essentially as we planned. A notable exception was at input costs, including dairy, coffee and cocoa, rose much more than we had expected. To offset these higher costs, we began to price in several categories and in several markets. This affected our results in two ways: Our top line growth was driven more by price and by vol/mix and there was some pressure on gross margins because price realization trailed the increase in input costs. The gross margin pressure we experienced in Q3 should ease, as price levels better align with input costs. The key take away is that the underlying momentum of our business remains strong. We're taking the necessary pricing actions despite a difficult consumer environment, as a testament to our strength in brand equities. And we continued to increase our advertising investments. This will further build our brands, stimulate our categories and position us well as the economy recovers. Let me now turn it over to Tim to discuss our third quarter results in more detail.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Tim. As we move to the fourth quarter, despite the economic challenges, we anticipate a sequential increase in top line growth and we're well-positioned to deliver combined organic revenue growth of 3% to 4% for the full year. This is a solid base from which we'll generate top-tier growth in 2011 and beyond. As we've said, pricing will contribute more to our revenue growth than we anticipated at the start of the year. To backstop the pricing, we have solid Q4 programming in place, particularly in North America and Europe, which will accelerate growth and deliver our revenue guidance for the year. On the bottom line, as Tim said, we expect to deliver operating EPS of at least $2. At the same time, we'll fund increased A&C from about 7.5% last year to about 8% of net revenues in 2010. Turning to the Cadbury integration, it continues to proceed smoothly. We are on track to generate cost synergies of at least $750 million in annual savings, about 15% of which will come this year. We're also on track to greatly improve our earnings growth trajectory. We're integrating Cadbury and driving the substantial savings and growth opportunities now available to us. As a result, our combined operating EPS by 2012 will surpass considerably what we could have achieved on our own. And we remain confident in our ability to deliver significantly higher long-term earnings growth of 9% to 11%. So to sum up, our fly wheel is turning and we're benefiting from a virtuous cycle of growth and focused reinvestment. We're setting growth objectives off a solid base. We're managing input costs by maintaining strong brand equities and pricing accordingly. We're driving gains in volume and mix through focused investments in Power Brands and key markets. We're driving productivity and reducing overhead cost to expand margins. And we're reinvesting a portion of our earnings upside to further strengthen our brands and lay an even stronger foundation for top-tier performance in 2011. Now, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Irene Rosenfeld: We feel very good that our adaptive pricing is working. I think it's particularly important in an environment of volatile commodity costs. And so being able to price closer to the market I think is serving us well and I think we feel better about our Cheese business than we have in a long time. So we feel pretty good about that. Generally speaking, we have price, as Tim said, we moved rather quickly to be able to address the escalating input costs. We haven't, generally speaking, we have not yet seen much from our competition and I think that's one of the reasons that our volume mix in the quarter was a little bit softer. But the reality is, costs are going up for everyone and we would expect that price gaps will narrow as the quarter progresses, as the fourth quarter progresses.
Irene Rosenfeld: The answer is yes. I mean, we've priced pretty broadly across our categories and it's a combination of what you would call pass-through and others, not all of which has flowed through the P&L at this point. But as you can see in the contribution of pricing to our vol/mix performance to our revenue performance in the quarter, you can see the impact of much of the pricing so far.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think the dislocation was particularly acute in this quarter so I think without a doubt, we certainly stand behind the belief that the long-term profile will be an equal mix, a balanced mix of vol/mix and pricing. I think you'll start to see some of that play through in the fourth quarter and certainly into 2011.
Irene Rosenfeld: No. I think as we said earlier, we moved a little more quickly than others in the market and as we saw input costs going up but the reality is those costs are going up for everyone and so we would expect to see a narrowing of those gaps over the coming weeks and months and I think that will be beneficial to our vol/mix in many categories.
Irene Rosenfeld: Rob, I would say we still stand behind our commitment to midteens growth in 2010 on top of this year's earnings of at least $2. The reality is, we have a lot of good stuff going on in the portfolio. There were some anomalies in our 2010 numbers that we've talked about and as we begin to restore some of our merchandising support, as we find ourselves ideally in a more stable commodity environment, I think there's a number of things together with the very significant cost focused programs that we've been involved in over the last couple of years in procurement, in manufacturing, in distribution, together with the synergies that come from the combination with Cadbury. So I would say as we look at the overall profile, the growth profile of the portfolio from a category standpoint, from a geographic footprint standpoint, together with the opportunities on the cost side, we feel quite comfortable with the forecast that we've laid out.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think the last point I'd make is obvious, it should be clear to you we are doing everything we need to, to protect the business in the short term as well as stage it for the longer term. I want to underscore the fact that the investments that we have made and we are planning to continue to make are designed to ensure that this business is well-positioned for long-term growth. And so I feel very good about the profile of the portfolio, as well as the investments that we have made and will continue to make over the course of 2011.
Irene Rosenfeld: That's a good question, Terry. I would tell just to do the math, to deliver 3% to 4% for the year, given our year-to-date performance, we have to do at least 4% in the fourth quarter. I am quite confident that we will do that. I feel very good about our Q4 program. Tim talked about a number of the programs and I'm pretty comfortable that we should end up somewhere in the middle of that range. Obviously, exactly where we end up has a lot to do with how well the consumer responds to our programming, as well as the customer execution of our merchandising activities. But that's how you should feel quite comfortable, as we do, that we are clearly going to deliver the 3% to 4% ranges that we've targeted.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. We actually -- the European performance was very much in line with our expectations. I think they're going to have a very strong year and we feel very good about their performance, not only on the top line but we are very comfortably in the 12% double-digit margin range and they continue to make excellent progress on their margin expansion. So I think that business has good underlying momentum. Without a doubt, some geographic challenges given the economic situation but I think they've done an excellent job of managing through it.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. First of all, what we've laid out there was about $1 billion of revenue synergies that we think about half of that would come from route to market putting, legacy Kraft products to the Cadbury infrastructure and vice versa. About a third of it comes from brand extension, simply taking some of the ideas on Cadbury, bringing it to Kraft products and vice versa. And the rest of it comes from bringing products like dairy milk to new markets that they are distributed in today. The opportunity though -- first of all, the profit benefit of that will come a little bit later because most of those opportunities will require some investment. So when we talk about the $750 million of synergy, that is in cost synergy. We've not made a lot of assumptions in the near term of profit coming off of the revenue. But the top line benefit will come, at the very least, in late 2011 into 2012 and beyond. So it's going to take us a while to get some of those opportunities jump started to complete our integration et cetera.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. But again, I think it's back half into 2012. We really -- the real benefit from revenue synergies will really start to impact our top line more meaningfully beginning in 2012.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think what you should look for is sequential improvement in top line, which as we've suggested to you, you would begin to see this year in the North America, which has been one of our challenges. You are seeing that in the third quarter and it will continue into the fourth quarter. And you'll also see a better combination and contribution of pricing and vol/mix to revenue growth. And so as we've said, as we get into a more normalized environment and we get most of the pricing behind us, we should see a better balance between pricing and vol/mix. And those would be the signposts I'd look for together with continued progress on margins for all the reasons that we've laid out.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think most of our coffee franchises actually did quite well in the quarter. So we did see one of our businesses, our Maxwell House business, we shifted some of our promotional timing and so you'd see that would've had some impact on our third quarter results. That will come back in the fourth quarter. There's no question as we take pricing, there is a consumer response. It takes a while to adjust to the new price levels. But we see nothing in the marketplace that would suggest that it's going to be an issue for us as we go forward.
Irene Rosenfeld: I guess, I would like to distinguish Ed between list pricing changes and promotional changes. We were very clear in our second quarter call and I would say we remain committed to the fact that we are making significant investments in the equity of our brands and we are not inclined to play around with short-term promotional pricing that doesn't really have a benefit for the long-term health of the business. So we still feel that way. The reality is, in many cases, we were looking at costs that were up 20% and 30% versus the prior year and they're just significant and we feel if we intend to continue to make the necessary investments in supporting our brand and introducing new products, we need to make sure that we're able to cover those costs.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, we certainly feel that in a number of their stores, we are beginning to see some of the merchandising come back. We've been working very actively with Wal-Mart to put back merchandising, particularly on products like our Snacks products and some of our Grocery products that are particularly sensitive to the merchandising support. And as a result, we do expect to see sequential improvement in the fourth quarter versus the growth in the third quarter. The reality though is given the speed with which some of this is being executed and some of what's going on in the economic environment, I think the reality is that we're unlikely to see the full impact of those changes until next year.
Irene Rosenfeld: Let me say first of all, we continue to feel terrific about the Cadbury acquisition. It will have and is already having the transformational impact on our portfolio that we had hoped it would have. If you recall, their plan was front half loaded, reflecting a number of factors. The first is as Tim referenced, a number of the new product launches, Trident Layers, the reality of having a very strong set of shipments in advance of the flu season. And there was a fairly significant push that they made in the second half of 2009. So we had expected to see a stronger performance from the business front half versus back half. And then on top of it, we have to choose to normalize some of the inventories as we've described. The business is delivering exactly as we had expected. We've got some issues here and there. Gum is a little bit weaker in a number of markets in the world, but that is being offset by some chocolate strength in a number of markets in the world. So net-net, we feel very good about the acquisition and about the integration and I think some of what we're seeing in the third quarter and the back half of the year was to be expected.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think the consumer is clearly sensitive to value. And I think the first point I would make is there's so much focus on price. What we are seeing in so many of our categories, it's much more about value and we have spent a lot of our investment money ensuring that our brands, that we have good, healthy brand equity and investing in our new product pipeline. And I think we are well-positioned to be able to support the higher levels of pricing. Without a doubt, there will be some pressure on our franchises but I think we are well-positioned and what we continue to see is that it is the third and fourth brands in the category that are being most impacted by the private label performance, not so much our brands and I think we will see that in the coming months.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, in fact, that's one of the reasons we feel quite good about the health of our brands. I'd also tell you certainly from a vol/mix standpoint, we had some tough comps a year ago. So I really think that as a result of all the investments that we have made in our brands over these last couple of years, it's playing through as in our ability to take pricing when we need to in response to rising cost, as well as our ability to continue to support the brand. So we were actually pleased with the sequential performance. We are not yet where we need to be in North America but I think we've been clear about what we see as the challenges and what we're doing about them.
Timothy McLevish: Vincent, there's no question there was rapid acceleration of many or most of our input costs, starting late in the second quarter and into the third quarter. One fundamental difference between last time that's happened and this time is that our brands are much stronger than they were last time. At last time, we were a bit reluctant because of the relatively weak brand equities to price aggressively. We've come out of the chute and quickly responded with pricing. We're entering that into a generally weak consumer environment but so far, we're quite pleased with the reaction from our customers, direct customers, retail partners and the consumer responses has been okay as well.
Timothy McLevish: I'd also point out that in the third quarter, we had difficult comps from last year. As I commented, we were comping against the Trident Layers launch. The strong Halls season with the H1N1 build in the retail trade. As we go into the fourth quarter and I'm sorry, the third quarter also was late in the quarter we kind of lapped the merchandising issue that we've talked about for the last several quarters at one of our major retail customers. So going to the fourth quarter, we will have much better comps and therefore, the year-on-year improvement in vol/mix we would expect to see.
Timothy McLevish: I'll start by giving a little context. We've had a strong partnership with Starbucks for the retail distribution of the Starbucks and Seattle's Best coffee for the last 12 years since about 1998. We've built that business along with Starbucks from a small $50 million compounded annual growth rate on top line of in excess of 20% per year. Today, it's around a $500 million business. We think both parties have been well served by our partnership. Starbucks is, as you perhaps know, in recent times has expressed their desire to control their strategic brands. And we have had some discussions in recent weeks to that effect. They have not officially or formally announced their intent to dismantle the agreement. But we have had some discussions. The effect that -- as we get in, we can't just point or speculate exactly how that may happen or when that might happen. But again, we respect their decision to consider ending the agreements and we'll inform you as more developments come to pass.
Timothy McLevish: Andrew, it's really premature. We again, we have not been in formal conversations again with a deep and broad partnership over the years. We have regular discussions on a variety of topics. We know that this has been on their minds but we haven't entered into any specific conversations about the when, the why or the how. So it will be premature to speculate as to the impact it may have.
Timothy McLevish: Well, we really don't want to get into the specifics of the contractual relationship we have with them. It is a perpetual agreement and they do preserve some rights. But again, until we get into specific conversations with them, we would prefer to reserve comment.
Timothy McLevish: I'll just elaborate on Irene's comment here. She picked up on the synergies, but you may recall the phasing of synergies. We've said that in 2011 we expect to realize 70% of $750 million of synergy on top of the 15% this year. So you can see the -- you can calculate the year-on-year difference will be a significant contributor to that growth in 2011.
Timothy McLevish: Well, you know, most of our input costs, our major commodity input cost, we have a very active hedging program. As a major player in this industry, we have a pretty robust kind of a forecasting group that stays apprised of all of the developments and crop cycles and those sorts of things. So we have some visibility into what an expectation is directionally and we have a very active hedging program. But the most important thing is I mean, the hedging is only there until we're able to price. And so our expectation is with continued investment, the continued strength in brand equities, that we'll be able to price to offset any future changes in input costs.
Timothy McLevish: So you'll begin seeing next year the benefits on the top line but you won't see any bottom line benefits playing out until probably 2012, 2013. What profits we do generate next year will just plow into building the next year's worth of top line growth.
Timothy McLevish: Base business and we will pick up some of the revenue synergies in the back half of the year as Irene just mentioned. The other thing I think that's important to point out is as you know, every seven years or so in this industry, there is a 53rd week. And so 2011 represents that year that we will have a 53rd week. If you do the simple arithmetic, it would suggest you have about 2%. The reality of it is you're adding a couple of, you're adding a week of the year between Christmas and New Year but we would expect that it's a 1% or 1.5% worth of benefits associated with the kind of calendar change in the associated 53rd week.
Timothy McLevish: Yes. I mean, it's pretty consistent. Earlier in the year, we started out with an expectation that was going to be a little bit above 30% in the second quarter, with some discreet items, some settlements and some audits and so forth. We dropped that a little bit below 30% and we don't have an update. We would still expect it to be, the rate this quarter benefited by some discrete items but that's reflected in our under 30% tax rate expectation for the year.
Timothy McLevish: No, it's including the 53rd week. We will pick up a point or a point and a half. We've got some 53rd week and some other miscellaneous calendar changes and that would represent somewhere between 1% and 1.5%. That's included in our 5% plus.
Timothy McLevish: The pension expenses were no higher in the third quarter than in prior quarters. Typically, we'll determine the pension expense for the year based upon the assets and liabilities positioned at this kind of rate, et cetera, the end of the prior year. So there wouldn't be any changes in the course of the year. There were some miscellaneous cleanups of accruals and so forth that happened in the quarter that oftentimes do but it's nothing material to worry about.
Timothy McLevish: Well, I think I'm picking up on the answer to your question. The $750 million of cost synergies we've identified relative to the Cadbury integration, we've said that 15% of that or so we would realize this year. We're tracking on that or ahead of that. We said that we would, in 2011, be at a 70% run rate. The differential would be 55%. So you're talking about say, $400 million worth of year-on-year increase attributable to the synergies. That's probably half of the growth that we're expecting to see based upon our midteens growth. So the rest of it is base business growth.
Timothy McLevish: You're taking it back to 2009, '09 to '10 to '11. I mean, there's a variety -- we've kind of walked through a bridge earlier in the year when we set out the guidance of 2009 to 2010 and we kind of showed how we kind of went from $2 to remain at $2 for the year with a variety of factors, including a fair amount of investment back with some of the synergies and building on some of the brand investments.
Timothy McLevish: I think over time that you have seen a fair amount of volatility and it is pretty much as a pass-through category and the consumers I think are conditioned to that volatility in price. So I think there is pretty good price elasticity.
Timothy McLevish: Yes, we're not going to provide specific guidance on inflation at this point. We believe the nature of our business and the strengthening of our brand. We're able to respond to economic environments and cost environments and we feel pretty comfortable with that.
Timothy McLevish: When we give 2011 guidance, we'll give you specifics on our expectations for Kraft but we really don't forecast GDPs, inflation rates, et cetera.
Timothy McLevish: Yes, I think with the recent integration of that, we feel very strongly that on a going forward basis, when we build our markets and so forth with the Cadbury and we get the full integration down and so forth, that our portfolio will come in. The five plus with the fragility of the consumer, with the high inflation we just talked about, with still a pretty early integration of the Cadbury. We're not quite ready to step up to the full five plus percent that we expect the portfolio to deliver on a going forward basis. But again, we get the benefit of an extra shortened week in 2011. So that 5% plus including that extra week is the right growth for us.
Timothy McLevish: It's kind of the difference when Irene pointed out kind of somewhere in the mid-threes or the middle part of that range. That was kind of the swing factor to determine where in that range.
Timothy McLevish: We have a little bit more to go in the fourth quarter. We're 2/3 to 3/4 finished with it but the other 25%, 30% will come in the fourth quarter, then we'll be finished.
Timothy McLevish: Well, we've given guidance for OI margins, that we will be midteens beginning 2011. That reflects continued growth of our margins. It's driven by cost productivity, overhead reductions, procurement efficiencies, et cetera, as well as the leverage from volume growth. I mean, my expectation is, I mean, we can't predict precisely what's another one to go out there and predict what's going to happen with input costs and so forth. But they are at a pretty high level. We are pricing to compensate for those currently. That will play out over the course of the fourth quarter and probably into the first quarter. So I would expect those to be covered. So I would expect a reasonably balanced over the course of the year, margin, maybe it will progressively improve some over the course of the year, just the normal seasonality, as well as allowing our productivity and overhead reductions to kick in. But from a gross margin standpoint, I would expect it to be pretty balanced over the year.
Timothy McLevish: I mean, it reflects kind of the current exchange rates as they exist today. If there is material change to that, we'll have to discuss it. But I thought I think we're able to manage that. Quite frankly, we have a very complex portfolio of currencies. So we are less impacted by just a decline in the value of the dollar or an appreciation of the dollar because we have a lot of our input costs. I mean, our manufacturing is usually in the local countries. We sourced some of our costs by virtue of sourcing of cocoa as denominated in pounds and coffee in dollars, et cetera. So we have a pretty balanced -- so we don't get as impacted by FX as one might assume.
Timothy McLevish: Yes, I would say our midteens would reflect kind of currency exchange rates. On balance, this year, despite a fair amount of volatility in the value of the dollar and cross currencies, we have had $0.01 or $0.02 maybe of favorability for the year.
Timothy McLevish: Cadbury is coming in about as expected and the dilution we would expect to be, about $0.16 for the year. What you're missing, and I apologize that by virtue of the proximity of the interest in the shares increase relative to the Cadbury operating income would seem to imply that they're directly related. But you may recall that we had the proceeds from the Pizza business that we said was going to benefit us by about $0.09. That is manifested in the shares outstanding dilution piece of it. And so consequently, you have to offset that element of it on the -- when you take your $0.12 and your $0.06 and your $0.05, you have to reflect that the shares would be the better part of $0.09 impact that. Actually on a year-to-date basis, Cadbury is $0.10 or $0.11 dilutive on the way to the $0.16 as we originally laid out.
