Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, thanks, Ken. First of all, I would say that around the world, but also in emerging markets, today and for the last 3 years, our core categories have been doing quite well. Chocolate and biscuits have been growing very strongly and, in fact, better than they were before the pandemic. There's a number of factors at work with the consumers that are boosting the consumption and higher snacking. So we see very robust demand. And if I go to our key emerging markets, the BRIC countries, we see that in those 4 countries also very, very clearly.  As it relates to investments and support for our brands, we are also continuing to do that in emerging markets. If anything, that's where we increased the most. And I think that from a pricing perspective, we have been dealing with pricing in emerging markets over the years, and we know that we have to hit certain price points, and we're very careful with that. Having said that, we have already started to increase prices. In fact, the effects that you see in Q4, any price effects there, are largely coming from our emerging markets. We've increased prices in most emerging markets around the world. And as you can see, results have been very good. So we also have that very low elasticity that we are also seeing in the rest of the world. So everything is sort of aiming in the right direction. We feel that at this stage, there is no signs that it's slowing down in emerging markets. Obviously, in our projections of our algorithm, we have not taken the same height of performance that we've seen this year in our emerging markets. We've taken that a little bit more conservatively.  So based on those two, seeing what we're seeing and the experience that we have and, I believe, us doing all the right things as it relates to pricing, investments, gaining distribution, which is another big driver in emerging markets for us, and the fact that we feel that we have been relatively realistic in what we forecast for emerging markets, we feel pretty good. We think that emerging markets will deliver for us in 2022.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Demand remains very robust. But the growth that you see is -- or of our growth that you see is impacted by supply chain constraints and phasing of some of the price actions. And so in between those is our inventory, of course. And if you look at North America, we grew or we were flat for the year, let's say. But for a 2-year CAGR, we're at 4%, which is still quite strong. If you look at the last quarters, we had the strike in Q3, which left us with low inventory levels. And although improving, it's going slower than you would normally expect because of all the supply chain disruption that everybody is experiencing. And so we think that we will still continue to see on shelf effects from the strike throughout Q1. We also work more with external manufacturing than our colleagues. And those external manufacturers are facing labor challenges. And we expect also that we will continue to see some pressures in that area, at least for Q1.  And then the biggest difference probably is that we announced price increases for January 1, so they were not yet reflected in Q4, but you will start to see that as we report Q1. And we continue to work on our broader RGM capabilities. So as you look at Nielsen, you start to see at the moment the effect of those price increases, that's why our Nielsen starts to look better. But if you look at the Nielsen that we saw from last year, that's where you could see the effect of our supply issues. So as we look at Q1, we expect the top line in North America to improve. The margins will also improve, but it's going to be sequentially. As I said, pricing has been executed across U.S., Canada and our ventures. We are continuing to simplify our portfolio, and we are also taking actions to increase capacity, work, more temporary labor and so on, so that we sort of ease the pressure on our supply chain. We are continuing to invest in our brands. As Luca said, we will be careful to invest in those brands where we have good supply. But with the price increases, we are determined that we will have to continue to support our brands. And as you will see as these initiatives take effect in '22, the top and the bottom line growth will start to come back for North America. Maybe a last remark, the bottom line will be sequential because, if you look at it year-over-year, Q1 was a very good year last year. So you will still see some year-over-year pressure. And we have that lower inventory issue that I was referring to. But overall, you will see a very good improvement over the coming quarters.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. No, we are going to go back to year-over-year. We thought it was useful with the pandemic because there was a number of effects, last year and also this year, exceptional effects that influenced the market share. And so we thought it was better to keep on comparing market share compared to pre-pandemic. Now that the pandemic is not behind us but improving, we feel that we can go back to normal market share. For instance, if you look at 2021, you have the U.S. strike in there, which affects, of course, our market share. But I think it's important to look at how the U.S. has been performing versus what it was before the pandemic and then excluding the strike. In Canada, this year, we were out of a listing with one of the most important customers there for quite a while, which also, of course, affected our market share. But we are back into that client, so the market share is going to come back. And then we had also exceptional effects in the U.K. chocolate last year where one of our competitors had a major supply chain effect, which then benefited us this year that supply chain is back up and running. So as a consequence, we'll give back some of that market share. And then we had one of our plants in France, which was affected last year, and we were not able to supply the market, so that had an effect for us too.  So there's all these -- and last year, I'm not going into the details about our competitors, but last year, we had big wins because our supply chain performed better than our competitors, I would say. So the main thing for us was to show the accumulated over the 2 years. And over the 2 years, we see a very solid increase versus what it was before the pandemic. And going forward, we will start to compare year-over-year, unless there is exceptional effects, which we can then inform you about.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, our pricing is largely driven by what we think is acceptable to the consumer. We don't know what our competitors are planning until they do it. And so we try to price in line with what we think our consumers are prepared to pay for our brands. And that is different between emerging markets and developed markets. So in developed markets where you're largely talking about supermarkets and there's a whole bunch of pricing effects, you have a little bit more liberty. In emerging markets, we need to hit certain price points. So we do a lot of work on RGM price pack architecture and so on. So we expect that we will be very sensible. We're working very hard on RGM and better understanding what is possible for pricing for our brands, what is acceptable to the consumer. As you know, many years ago, we've had a few episodes where we probably went a little bit overboard on pricing. So we will step a little bit more careful as it relates to pricing. As I was explaining, in Q4, we've been pricing in emerging markets. And so far, that is working really well for us. And so it seems to be that our methodology is working. We'll see what happens in the U.S. and in Europe. But at this stage, it feels pretty solid, and we don't expect that there will be any major issues. Going forward, second half and into '23, we will see what the inflationary pressure is going to be, but I can assure you that we will step very carefully and make sure that we continue to see volume growth for our brands.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So I would say, first of all, on the smaller brands, that effect is certainly continuing in Q4, and they continue to do well. To the extent that if we have some supply issues, it is sometimes in those smaller brands, because they keep on selling at the higher levels we had during the pandemic, that sometimes give us some capacity pressure. So we are trying to do whatever we can to deal with those capacity issues, of course. But we are, at the moment, assuming that gradually they will give back a little bit, but we do still think that those brands will keep some of that momentum that we started to see during the pandemic.  And you are right, our global brands have performed really well this year. This was a year where our global brands outgrew our local brands. Last year, in '20, it was the local brands who outgrew the global brands. The reason is because Oreo, Milka and Cadbury, our top 3 brands, continued to be high single digit to double digit. And then you have the recovery of a brand like Toblerone, which is largely sold in world travel retail; or Trident, the gum, which is, of course, sold on the go. And they were heavily disrupted in 2020. The local brands, as I was saying, still are doing quite well. They are in the mid-single-digit growth range. And we don't necessarily see that slowing down going into next year.  And then there is the additional effect from the acquisitions. Of course, Chipita, you will not see that in our top line until the acquisition is done for 12 months. So you won't see an effect from that one. But you will see a good year for Give & Go this coming year. We are expecting. And also a brand like Perfect Snacks, which is a snack bar, which is also largely consumed on the go, that was affected by the pandemic, we're also expecting that to see a good growth. Tate's, we have moved on to DSD, saw very solid, very strong high double-digit growth there this year, which we think will continue into next year. So yes, there is an additional effect. Also important to mention is that the price increase has covered all the brands in the U.S., the global brands, the local brands and the venture brands.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you. Well, in closing, we feel good about our 2021 performance across our key metrics, of course, including the top line growth. We see good volume, profitability was good and the cash generation was excellent. I want to reiterate that we are especially proud of our people, I believe the very best in the CPG industry. And by continuing to stay close to our consumers, we are confident that we have a bright future ahead. We remain focused on our consumer-centric growth strategy, that will not change. We will continue to improve our execution, and we will continue to invest and increasing our investment in our brands, in our talent and our capabilities.  As I look ahead towards '22, we expect continued pockets of volatility related to COVID or the inflation or the supply chain challenges. We continue to risk-adjust our plans to ensure that we can successfully navigate these periodic disruptions and deliver on our targets. So we enter 2022 with a good momentum in our categories and the vast majority of our geographies. Our global and local brands, as I explained, are on solid footing with strong levels of investment. We continue to augment the portfolio with growth accretive snacking assets, and we are excited about the opportunities to advance multi-category strength in our key markets. We are going to continue to expand distribution in emerging markets, and we're going to further accelerate close-in adjacencies and our high-growth segments. So I thank you for your time and for your investment and see you at the end of Q1.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Ken. It is mostly pricing and inflation phasing that will drive the gross profit, specifically as a line in the P&L progression throughout the year. Obviously, you saw the number being pressured in Q4. But as you look closely on the segment profitability data that we disclosed, you see that the Q4 GP pressure came mostly from North America where we have just announced pricing. And so you will see a sequential progression that is positive in the gross profit line as of Q1, but the most of the benefit to hit our guidance is going to come in the second part of the year.  And as I said, there are 2 elements there. One is pricing implementation, and there might be multiple pricing waves. The second one is the fact that, particularly in Europe, pricing will come into effect as of Q2 and in other places as well. And third, it is the fact that inflation, given the favorable commodity pipeline that we had in 2021 in Q1, commodity pressure is most acute in the first half of the year. But you will see a better trend in GP dollar as of Q1 and sequentially, it will improve over the quarters.
Luca Zaramella: Look, the Chipita acquisition is a material acquisition, obviously, in terms of size but also the number of countries it spans across. And it will be fully integrated, but it will take a little bit of time. I will say that, without giving you specific numbers, there is a moderate positive impact on EPS next year, but you will see the full benefit of the revenue and cost synergies as of Q4 and, potentially and obviously, in 2023. So it will be a modest contribution all in all considered.
Luca Zaramella: Interest costs will be up around about $20 million, $25 million. So it is $0.01 of EPS headwind. Tax rates will be a little bit higher, but not much, and so I would say a slight headwind. Obviously, I can't comment very much on the joint ventures as those are publicly traded vehicle. But the biggest benefit is going to be most likely around share repurchases. In terms of the JVs, I will refer back to what was said about KDP profit guidance for 2022. And I think that's the stance we have taken for that.
Luca Zaramella: Sure. I think you know that we try to move away from gross margin percentages. And I think that has served us well. So talking about gross profit dollars, 2022 is no exception to what we have said consistently throughout the years. We aim at getting at 4-plus percent on that specific line of the P&L. And as I said, I think you're going to see year-over-year GP dollar growth as of Q1 but will be most pronounced in the second part of the year.  I think, again, as you dissect the numbers, you clearly see that the pressure in Q4 on the GP line, which was slightly positive, comes mostly from North America. And what you have to believe for the GP line to improve, as the biggest change that has to happen, it is pricing going into effect in North America. The first indication is that, a, price was accepted by the retailers; and b, we see our prices going up in the marketplace. So I feel cautiously positive about that, which is clearly the biggest driver of GP progression over the quarters.  In terms of SG&A, we will continue investing in advertising. Obviously, we will be very sensible because there are situations, specifically in North America, where we don't have enough stock. And so we are calibrating exactly where we want to spend. But as Dirk said, in emerging markets, we will continue pushing and we will continue pushing in the other regions too. The point here is the last thing we want to do as we implement pricing is cutting back on A&C investment.  As far as overheads and productivities, we will continue the great job that we have done over the last few years and particularly in the last couple of years. Excluding the acquisitions, our overlying pure cost SG&A is down both in 2020 and in 2021, and my goal is to keep that line down year-over-year. Productivity obviously is going to be good for the year as we look at it, but I'll be commenting more as we publish Q1 about all these specific lines.
Luca Zaramella: Look, we have been a little bit conservative on elasticity. As Dirk said, elasticity is low at this point in time based on what we see across the board, but we are planning for historical levels. So that's the type of elasticity we have planned. And I think you know the number in general, it is onetime elasticity, give or take, but I expect to do better than that.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you for the question. It's a very good one. 70% is pretty much in line with what we had in last year. It is higher than what it has been historically. And over time, what we have done is we have moved the needle up in terms of going longer because, obviously, that gives us the opportunity at the low levels to buy more. And so we have the opportunity to sit back and wait until the situation evolves. And mostly, of these hedges, are 2 options, and they are not straightforward covered. So we still have flexibility, should one of these commodities go over. And I think that's a great advantage. So I don't feel particularly worried about the remaining 30% at this point. But there are parts where there might still be pressure. What we see these days is a little bit more pressure coming out of dairy. And potentially, we will have to consider additional pricing for that in some places where we sell dairy-based products. And we also see some pressure in packaging and some ingredients. Now the assumption we have, at this point in time for the second part of the year, is inflation for those that is in line to what we have seen and what we are seeing these days. There could be potentially more. I don't expect a material number at this point in time, but we got a little bit surprised on these unhedgeable commodities and exposures in the second part of last year. So we are very vigilant. And if in case they go up, we will have to price and we will do so.
Luca Zaramella: Very similar is the straight answer, David. There are pockets where we don't see the level of inflation that we have for the totality of the company. But in general terms, particularly around ForEx, there are places where there is a little bit more inflation. And so given all the puts and takes, pricing-wise, you're going to see a level of pricing in emerging markets that is in the same ballpark of 2021, a little bit higher. As a reminder, we implemented, I believe, 2 price waves in places like Russia in 2021. We implemented, I believe, 3 price waves in Brazil. And I can go on and on and talk about Mexico, Southeast Asia, Manaf in South Africa, where we have implemented multiple rounds in 2021 as well.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Sure. I'll take a stab at it. I will start by saying that the inflation is really the highest in the U.S. And look, it might be at the highest point in the U.S. right now, I don't necessarily see it going down in the second part of the year. So I want to make that point first. In terms of inflation, look, majority of the commodities we procure, they are global commodities. And so the inflationary pressure is pretty much the same around the world. Logistics costs is on the rise everywhere around the world, not to the level that we see in the U.S. And then there are packaging-related costs and ingredients that are pretty much consistent across the world. In terms of inflation, where it is mostly acute these days, it is in places where we have seen currencies weakening versus the dollar. It is in places like Russia. It is in places like Brazil. But overall, if you look around the world, in terms of inflationary pressure, I would say there are, yes, somewhere some peaks. But overall, it is fairly even, I would say. There are certain commodities that are more impacted than others. Cocoa, for instance, is a little bit more benign in 2022 than it has been in 2021. And so places where we have a material chocolate business, like in Europe, are going to see, in terms of inflation, a little bit less. But I just mentioned Dairy in one of the previous questions, and there might be further pressures coming up. So hopefully, I gave you a little bit of color on how we see costs evolving by region and by countries a bit.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you for the question. We are usually not giving the breakdown of pricing and volume, and we try to move away to keep some sort of flexibility. But what I would tell you is that, as I said in the prepared remarks, I see the 3%-plus has a plus in it as a floor. And at this point in time, we really want to see how Q1 plays out with some price increases and Omicron before we commit to a higher number. But hopefully, we see Q1 coming in, in line with our internal expectations, and we will be in a position to raise the guidance on top line potentially after we see Q1 and we have Q1 under the belt. Hopefully, that's answering some of your questions.
Luca Zaramella: Look, the cash position at the end and the net debt position at the end of 2021 is obviously fairly good because we have done quite a bit of work all around. And I'm very happy with leverage being at 2.7x. Having said that, in January, we have just got a $2 billion check almost for Chipita. So bear that in mind. In terms of capital structure, we will continue generating cash flow, and I was very happy with the quality of the cash that came in into 2021. So I feel the first element, which is foundation of our capital structure, is there. And then clearly, at this point in time, if we had an acquisition that is similar to Give & Go or Chipita, et cetera, we will still be able to fund it. We obviously have our coffee stakes. And we have all it takes, including potentially switching off share buybacks to be able to phase an acquisition of the level that Give & Go and Chipita had been.
