Luca Zaramella: Yeah. Thank you, Andrew. I think when you look at the quality of the overall results it is I think fair to say that, probably all around this is one of the best, if not the best quarter since the formation of Mondelez. And clearly, that gives us the confidence in the outlook also going forward. So we remain quite optimistic on the outlook and we clearly anticipate, continued momentum in the second half. We have to acknowledge though that the first half was positively impacted by what we call the halo effect on a great Easter execution.As we look around, all the countries where we have a meaningful chocolate business and there are many. We clearly drove the category performance in Q2. And we have executed very well from I would say supply chain with the exception of Brazil which we called out as one exception to actually being able to sell in the marketplace not only our seasonal products, but also the regular lines. And as we look at Easter, we are very, very pleased. We did exceptionally well. And that is one of the reasons why maybe the second part of the year might be lower than the 4% growth rate that you have seen in the first half. But to be very precise, we didn't have any discrete items in Q2 for that matter in the first half. Yes, we are lapping the trucker strike last year in Brazil, but in the big scheme of things it's quite immaterial. It is 0.1 points of growth for total Mondelez.You didn't ask about profit, but maybe I'll spend a couple of words there as well. Again, we are very pleased with what we saw on the first half. Excluding Brazil, gross profit is really growing nicely and we see the virtuous cycle coming to fruition. We see volume leverage coming through, productivity effective pricing. I mean, look at the number we are posting for North America profit as one example. And we are using the upside to reinvest in the business.The second half, as far as profit goes, it will be comparable to what we have seen so far. But we also want to solidify our business through continued investment.And so there is a little bit more to come in terms of investments. And clearly, where we see momentum, may be will double down to make sure that we generate even more revenue.So may be, we are conservative. But I would say the, first half was exceptionally well as we executed around for instance, these drivers I called out.
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. Maybe I'll start. And then, to give a little bit of more perspective on shares and brand dynamics, so I think that we led color -- a little bit of color there. So pricing, yes, it is sequentially better.And by the way, I think if you look across all the regions, it is a little bit sequentially better. So, it's not only a North American thing, I would say. But we announced price the second way, quite frankly, towards the end of last year and became partially into effect in Q1.So, it is kicking in, at its fullest in Q2. And that's why you see -- you see the benefit. Becoming a little bit more pronounced in Q2. As you said, the categories particularly in Biscuits are reacting well.When you dissect the category dynamics you see both, volume and pricing, being positive. And so, not really true that you can price and you're going to lose volume EPU.If you have good marketing bumbles. And f you support your franchises, that can lead to value and volume growth simultaneously, which is the case. And on top of that, we are driving share.
Luca Zaramella: No. I don't think. I mean you probably -- and some of your colleagues in Q1. Year-to-date we are $180 million give or take in terms of interest cost. So I think it is going to be in the ballpark of $400 million. So, I think it was a little bit more of we wanted to be on the safe side.I think in the meantime interest cost have moved down. And particularly given the commercial paper program, we have we are capturing some benefit versus the original guidance. So, I don't see anything material changing in the interest environment going forward.And we will continue to do what we had done so far, which is really getting our interest cost over the last five years down to a very good level, considering the investment grade we have.
Luca Zaramella: Look I think Chris the -- I'm sensitive while talking about future pricing actions, and I don't want to signal anything. Just remember that we had some incremental pricing actions that took effect in the second part of last year. And in general terms what I would say is we have proven that we want to be disciplined in terms of pricing. Last year in the U.S., I think we were the first player to really move.So we will continue to be disciplined on pricing. We believe it is quintessential to the algorithm to support our franchises. So without talking about specifics, we see some places where there is inflation, where there is some commodity and cost pressures and we will take appropriate pricing actions as we see appropriate.
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. So these operational issues in the quarter adversely impacted the gross profit line by I would say $20 million to $30 million. So it was a material impact. The simple facts are over the last couple of years at least Brazil has -- as an economy suffered quite a bit and the categories where we compete lost quite a bit of volume. So we really underwent a material change in the business. And we featured in the past Curitiba, which is one of the two plants. We have one in the south and the other one in the north as being very cost competitive.But the facts are we consolidated four plants down to these two plants and we had some executional issues. That translated first into inefficiencies in product that we had to scrap in the plant, but also in logistics related issues in terms of distribution inability to have the right product in the right place and also extra cost.The recovery rate, it is hard to give you a specific answer there. What I would say though is I don't think we would be fully solved by the end of Q3 and there might be improvements in Q4. I feel hopeful that there will be improvements in Q4, albeit I can't tell you exactly what they will be at this point in time.In the overall guidance we gave you, we consider all those things. And so we will provide an update clearly as we post Q3 and as we talk about Q4. But for the time being, I can't say that we would be fully solved by Q3 or Q4.
Luca Zaramella: Look we did quite an extensive analysis on these. We don't believe even after a temporary period there will be material tariff impacts in our business given the structure of our imports into the country. As Dirk said, we have a material presence in the UK to start with but also given what we bought and the shape and form of what we bought we don't believe there will be material ongoing tariff at this point in time based on what we know at this point.So I would say not only temporarily, but also in the long-term there will be most likely no material tariff impacts for us at this point in time. That's what we see. I think as Dirk said a hard Brexit will -- might hamper consumer confidence. There will be most likely an immediate currency devaluation on top of what we have seen these last couple of days. But we will also see potentially inflation running up into the countries and that might lead to a consumer situation. That might be detrimental not only to our business, but to the overall economy. So it's hard to say exactly what will happen, but that's really what we need to watch for. And that's how we want to take as a company a long-term stance making sure that we protect the business we have there which is quite a good business.
Luca Zaramella: I would say -- and we are clearly not going to disclose gross margin or gross profit by region. But I can reassure you that, as I look at pretty much all P&Ls by category and business unit around the world, I can tell you that vast majority of those P&Ls make a lot of sense. You see broad-based growth and you see a nice balance of volume and pricing. The volume effect and the leverage that it provides to our supply chain is coming into effect and we see continued cost savings into costs and overheads.In some cases, clearly there are better outcomes than in others. But overall, I would say again as I look around the world, we are quite in a good place in terms of GP growth. I think on a year-to-date basis, we are 20 bps up in total company and again, when you add back the potential impact of Brazil and the fact that in terms of pure percentage margins places like Argentina are becoming a little bit more diluted than we have seen in the past.I think when you consider those two effects I think we can say we are quite pleased. You look at the OI growth in Q2 North America growing almost 10% OI. You look at EU and EMEA 5% after we made material investments in the A&C line. I think all-in-all, the algorithm as we envisaged in the first place is coming to fruition. It's not that we are not delivering the savings that volume leverage isn't there it is the fact that this specific quarter we had Latin America being an outlier.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, yes. Well, we over-indexed in Easter and particularly in Europe. And so what you saw in the first quarter was that is kind of a normal trend in our business. Easter this year was not in the first quarter, but in the second quarter. Last year, it was in the first quarter. So you saw the difference. And in the second quarter, we had an excellent execution of Easter and that is really what is giving us the boost in the market share. So, we are now -- year-to-date we are sort of evened out and we saw some very good progress in our Chocolate market share. But it's completely due to our Easter execution.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. So when I said -- when I was talking about the profile being comparable I was talking more about gross profit and NOI. We gave you the couple of items that are masking a little bit the underlying performance of our EPS and they related as I said to taxes. So I was really referring to the bottom line more than the top line.What I said on the top line is that we clearly see momentum in the business. And we anticipate continued momentum in the second half both in terms of categories. And as one of your colleagues said, also in terms of share, we are quite pleased with what we saw in chocolate.But having said that, the first half was positively impacted by what we call the halo effect of a great Easter execution. And that is why the second part of the year might be lower than the 4% growth rate of the first half. As it relates to the level of investments, as we said, for the year, we intend to invest give or take $150 million. I think as you -- I gave you enough elements to say how the second part of the year will look like in terms of GP and NOI growth.And then we made the reference to what we spent in the first half. So there is more to come in the second half. But we will continue to invest both on global and local brands. We said we are investing in A&C. As Dirk said, it's not only the amount of money, it's the quality of what we are doing elevating, the emotional connections of our brands. But also in route-to-market or in route-to-market in places like India, Russia we continue to invest and we want to continue to invest.And finally in R&D, we are also making material investments specifically around test-and-learn methodologies, agile methodologies. We gave you a few examples of things we are doing. So I think you have enough elements to understand what we are -- how Q2 -- how Q3 and Q4 will look like in terms of GP and NOI.
Luca Zaramella: Look I think, if I have to step back and really tell you what is the difference in Q2 versus other quarters in North America, it is we have created a lot of discipline around key processes for the company. Starting with demand planning, making sure that we shape up demand in a way that makes sense in terms of cost. Instead of shipping products from branch-to-branch, we are governing through a better forecast, through a better governance all those flows of goods that in a context where we have more than 50 branches and quite a few SKUs in biscuits, governing that is clearly key.We have created a lot of discipline and visibility and transparency around waste and waste process not only what we generate in a plant, but also returns of goods. And I can tell you there is a material benefit coming through as Glen and the team have established processes to govern again waste.And third, but not less important, it is the fact that by having visibility and good understanding of how demand is shaping, our factories are able to predict more reliably what they need to produce and when. And so we have more efficient runs in the company.There is clearly also pricing coming through. In a context where last year we saw inflation, we priced promptly I believe. But the full benefit of pricing didn't come through last year, and so now you have a more balanced situation in terms of pricing net of cost. So these four elements are coming through.Do I think we can improve? Absolutely. I think we can improve. As we said, North America is one of the networks where we will be making more investments going forward. And so I think in terms of upside potential there is more to come.
Luca Zaramella: Look again, it's really – it wouldn't be good for me to comment on future pricing actions in places like Europe. Again, that is too sensitive of a subject. I think there are a couple of things though that are very clear at this point in time. One, it is that, there is quite a bit of inflation not only in the U.S. but all around the world in terms of specifically two items. It's – one it is logistics costs, and the second one is labor costs. And so I think over time we have to make sure that we price that away. Might not happen in the short-term, but over time, we have proven that we have the discipline to price those costs away.The second part, I think it is very important to note that in terms of the way we procure cocoa, we are never hand-to-mouth. And this year for instance, cocoa prices went up for us, but we were able to secure cocoa at a very reasonable price. But I think it is fair to say that given some of the proposals that are coming out of the Côte d'ivoire and Ghana. There is a spike in cocoa cost. And concepts like the leading income differential are putting a little bit of pressure in the market. And the cost of cocoa has gone up. So I think I've given you enough elements for you to draw some conclusions. But for me to be able to talk about specific pricing actions, I think it is really hard.
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. Look as we've said, I don't think this is about not having confidence in the second part of the year or seeing momentum slowing down or – as Andrew asked the first question having some discrete items in the first half that will turn into issues in the second part. This is nothing around all – any of these topics. Again, it is the recognition of the fact that in the 4.1%, we had on a year-to-date basis in the first half, there was a clear execution gain related to Easter.And that is why the second part of the year might be lower than the 4%, we see in the first half. But I think in the end, we have to feel good about the solidity of our categories the fact that the growth of the business is broad-based. Again, it is not about the quarter at 4.6% that I like. Obviously, I like the 4.6%. But it is the good quality of results all around. I haven't seen these types of volume/mix and price gains in a long, long time. I was very pleased with the share gains that we started seeing. Chocolate is fantastic. We are still losing a bit of share in places like India, where we have a 65% share. But if I take out India, all the big markets they are growing share. And the same is applicable to Biscuits. So this is not about saying the second part of the year, we will have a slowdown or it is about recognizing that in the first half, there was a positive impact due to Easter.
Luca Zaramella: Look, we are very pleased with coffee. It is fair to say that they have performed very, very well. So in Q2 and the first half, as you said, the earnings grew respectively 40% and 25%. As KDPs getting the synergies and this should be no surprise, we are reporting KDP on a lag. So to understand what is going to happen in Q3 for KDP, you have to look at their Q2. And JD is capitalizing on a successful business model in single-serve and espresso and compatible business, which is doing very, very well and it is taking share in the major markets in Europe mostly.The company is also generating good cash flow and they are delevering fast. And so, there is a subsequent interest cost saving. So, nothing has really changed in what we see in JDE and KDP. They are good financial investments for us. They doubled in value since the inception of the JV. And as we've said many times, there is more upside potential for both businesses and we like clearly the clarity, the vision, the potential and the flexibility those investments offer.
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. I mean we have good shareholder right over both companies. Specifically for JDE, we could propose a price to drop for which they have the right of first refusal. And then if the value is not accepted, we could take JD public through an IPO. And clearly, we would love to have a public mark for both investments as we believe there is more value. So, yeah, you're right. Nothing at this point has really changed. We see more upside potential for both companies.
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. I think the shape of the P&L will be similar to the first half. I would say -- I would leave it at that. Clearly there is a little bit more investment coming in the second part of the year, but broad stroke the shape of the P&L is going to be similar.
Dirk Van de Put: Yeah. And may be to add to that on the shares, so, yes, we are seeing that our Biscuits category is in very good shape. North America, and as you know, it's 80% of our business.We have outstanding results for brands like Oreo or belVita, which means that we are driving the category growth. We see the pricing come through as Luca was commenting, and as we are gaining share.We also are seeing clearly that we have the benefit now of DSD. We have excellent execution in DSD in this quarter. And the other thing that has been changing is the retailer de-stocking is slowing down.So overall, we feel that there is good momentum in the consumer -- or in the consumption of our brands. And we feel that this momentum is going to continue. May be on North America, which has been a discussion in the past, a little bit on the supply chain because that could throw us off on those share gains that I was talking about.We saw a very good quarter. We are lowering our waste. Our case fill rate is back to a reasonable level. There's more work to be done. But overall, we feel that we really are seeing good progress there.We also have to improve our predictability and the consistency of the supply-chain. That has been one of the issues. But again, now for a number of quarters that has been improved.And we are also focused overall in driving excellence in our core operating processes. So, we don't see anything in the internal functioning of the company that would throw us off to continue to gain share in North America.
Dirk Van de Put: Yeah. So, we are trying to get ourselves into this virtuous cycle, whereby, we invest more and that investment is concentrated in three areas. One is A&C, the second one is route-to-market and the third one is R&D.And as we invest more, we want that to generate volume growth, together with some pricing. And that then, increases our gross profit dollars of which we reinvest part of it. And the other part flows down to the bottom-line.In 2019, our thinking here is to largely reinvest most of that gross profit in the business. We obviously are going to deliver on the OI increase we have for the year. But it -- this is really a year of trying to get momentum in our brands and protect them for the long-term. So if we have the opportunity in the second half, yes, we are planning to invest more.I would also like to say that it's not just a question of investments. What we are also doing is trying to optimize our spending. What that means is that we are paying a lot of attention to our ROI on our investment activities. We've implemented a new, what we call marketing playbook, which is working well for us. And we are also shifting more of the investment to working media. So the net effect of what we really are spending on media and online is more than the extra amount we are investing. It's a shift within that spending too.So the long answer to your question is, yes, we will -- we see this year as an investment. We are still growing our OI, but we want to catch as much as momentum as we can on our brands. And so with what we're seeing coming out in the next second half, we expect that we can do a little bit more.As it relates to emerging markets versus developed markets, I'd say at a high level what is happening is that the very good trend that we've seen in the emerging markets, which was now for the fourth quarter in a row were growth of above 5% continued. They were up 7.6%. And we have very good results in places like India, China, Southeast Asia, Eastern Europe.At this stage, we feel very good about these markets and we feel that we can continue to drive category development through increased distribution and more investment in the brands.Probably the biggest change came from developed markets versus the previous trend in this quarter, whereby, they now grew 2.8% almost 3%. That was driven, obviously, by the continued improvement in North America and a very strong Easter season in the U.K. and Ireland.So what I would say a good balance of volume and pricing was also clear for us in the developed markets and we expect -- we also saw as expanding our margins in those markets this quarter.So, overall, I would say very positive signs in both and nothing at this on the horizon that would throw us off except maybe from a Brexit or something like that. But we see the momentum in emerging and developed markets continuing.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Yes, I mean for us the emerging markets are very important. The reason being that we see that a lot of the snacking growth around the world will be coming from those markets. So for us to invest more in places like India, China, Southeast Asia, Eastern Europe and also Brazil those are the places where we would think about.At the same time, we do feel that we have very good momentum in North America and we have not necessarily been able to invest a lot more versus the past in North America. So we are planning also there to increase our investment. So that's the way I would describe it. It's about the emerging markets the ones I mentioned and then North America.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, it's difficult to speculate. I can give you an indication of what we think the possible effects are of a Brexit, but to quantify that exactly is a little bit difficult since we do not know which shape or form Brexit will take.Having said that, the UK business is an important business for us. It's also one of our powerhouse businesses. It's a snacking powerhouse with a very strong presence in Chocolate, Biscuit and Candy. It's a market that is doing very well for us. It's very profitable and growing at a very good pace. And particularly this second quarter was a very good quarter for the UK.Like I said it's very difficult to speculate, but there's different forms of Brexit. And if there is a hard Brexit there will certainly be implications to our business. In the short-term, we are largely talking about supply-related issues. And in Q1 as we were preparing for a potential Brexit in March, we put in motion those plans.What does that mean? It means that we increased the level of raw materials we have in the country. We increased the number of warehousing space we have for finished products. We contract more distribution trucks and so we are ready to keep our products in distribution no matter what. We did that very well.In fact The TRADE called our preparation one of the best if not the best preparation for a potential Brexit and we are going to put that plan back in motion. We thought it would cover us very well on the short-term potential effects of disruption in the supply chain. However, there is also a risk that there could be inflation and a currency devaluation as a consequence of Brexit and those are effects that are much more difficult for us to estimate.And it would lead to a number of other changes that we needed to implement related to pricing, related to sourcing. Those are more of the longer-term effect. And as I said at this stage very difficult to exactly estimate what the quantitative effect will be.We are ready to deal with these challenges as you can imagine. We are running scenarios and we are ready to implement. We do believe that over the long-term this is a very strong market. It's a business that we want to protect and we are sure that if we have to deal with any short-term or even a little bit longer-term disruption that in the end we will be back stronger than before. As you might know we have a very significant production presence in the UK and we see ourselves capable in the end to supply the UK from the UK if need to.
Dirk Van de Put: No that shift has started. And so we've increased our overall investment and I would say a large chunk -- I can't put an exact percentage on it, but I would call it maybe 70%, 80% is going into those local brands. And we've seen a clear change of strength since we've started to do that. So local brands or regional brands in the past would have been negative for us. They're now positive and they have been accelerating every quarter in their growth. So the intention was there. We are executing and we're seeing the effects very, very clearly in our results.
Dirk Van de Put: I would expect that we still have some upside. At the moment, they are growing in line with or even slightly above the categories. But these are brands that have not received a lot of investments for years. If you take into account, we started about nine months ago really investing in them. So, we haven't even seen a full year of investment. And we're also not only increasing the investment, but we're doing a number of innovations launching a number of healthier products with cleaner ingredients and so on. So we are also renovating these brands. So, I do think that there's still a run way to increase the level of their growth.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you. And as I said at the outset, I'm proud of this quarter's results and of the work -- the hard work of my colleagues across the globe. I think this quarter and this first half show how our leadership position and strategy is helping to drive the strength of snacking categories around the world and creating value for our shareholders. And we do all this while remaining committed to deliver on our promise to create a future where people and the planet thrive.This first half helps us to remain focused on our long-term objective of generating volume-driven top line growth of 3% plus and fueled by virtuous circle of increasing investments, which generate solid sustainable operating income growth. Our progress to date gives me further confidence in the validity of our strategy and our long-term prospects. Thank you for your interest in the company.
Rob Dickerson: Couple of questions. I guess first question is just regarding the top line guidance you said potential implied slight deceleration, if that does happen in the back half versus kind of the floor of what we saw in the first half. The question I have though is it doesn't seem like pricing would necessarily be decelerating, just given the actions we are seeing flowing through in North America maybe Latin America as well. There's not much in Europe. But other parts of – or let's say Europe other kind of overall end market basis is still seeing decent pricing. And so then, I look at it and say well – okay, well then obviously, it will be more volume mix, and there could be some nuances to why. But like again, when I look in the first half, right, the first half the volume performance in growth terms volume/mix was essentially similar to what we saw in the first half of last year.And then – so if you look at the back half, the volume/mix is a little bit easier last year to compare again. So the question, even though wordy is basically, if there is deceleration it seems like kind of what you're saying is maybe there's a little risk of nuanced volume deceleration in the back half of the year, because the first half was impacted by a well-executed Easter. It doesn't seem like pricing would decelerate, but then that's off of an easier second half compare. So like why would volumes really decelerate that much, if the compare is easier? And if pricing isn't coming down why would organic sales really decelerate? Thanks. And I have one more.
Rob Dickerson: Okay. Fair enough. And then one other question – I have two questions. One is a little bit more sensitive. The first question is on just your JDE piece right total income from equity investments. In the first half year-over-year, it's up, say 30%. So obviously something is going well there. If you could just provide any color as to why they've been performing so well, one. And then two is that a run rate that we should be thinking about at least in the near term for the back half? And I asked just given it's obviously material to your total income.
Rob Dickerson: Okay, super. And then one last quick one is just your -- when you said, back half profit would be similar to first half profit, means a lot of different things. And maybe I just don't get it. Sometimes I don't. Is that -- you're just -- you're literally just saying operating profit? Or is that gross profit? Or is that just net profit like net income would be similar on a dollar basis back half versus second half? That’s it. Thanks.
