Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thank you, Andrew. Maybe what I can do is, is do a little tour, maybe through categories and regions, because the two are quite linked. And then Luca can talk about Q4 and 2021.
Dirk Van de Put: And so, if you look at the categories, categories are affected by the mobility of the consumers. So, I would say that 80% of our revenue is coming from advantaged categories that are performing very well. And in top in those categories, we have strong Mondelez brands and we are increasing our market share. So biscuits is the main driver at the moment. The demand remains very strong globally. We had high single digit revenue growth in Q3, and we had very strong share gains. Chocolates came back in Q3. It accelerated versus Q2, largely because of some of our emerging markets came back like for instance, India. And the 5% growth that we're seeing in Q3 is despite the world travel retail headwind, which squeezed off two points of the growth of chocolate, and yeah, world travel retail, as you can imagine, at this stage is still lower than 20% of what it was used to be. I think we do see that chocolate grow because we have a very advantaged portfolio which is skewed to at home consumption. In the emerging markets, we have a low unit price. We have good affordability in our chocolate and middle of the road with the right price points. But the one that remains very challenged is gum. We knew that in recessions or in moments that gum is affected, it recuperate slowly, but it's probably recuperating in a bit slower than we would have anticipated. And that has to see everything with the consumer mobility, the 75% of gum consumption is on the go. And even if we're not in lockdown anymore, or unfortunately about to go back to lockdown in Europe, the consumer is still not as mobile as before. And then meals and powder beverages are doing quite well. So if you keep that in mind, and then you go through the regions, and you know, more or less what the mixes of the regions gives you an idea of how we're doing. So North America 80% biscuit, demand of biscuits, as I said, remains very elevated. Our execution has been very strong, very strong share gains, consumers are snacking more at home, still well above the pre-COVID level, not as high as in March and April. But still quite increased consumption. And so, North America is solid. And seeing where we are with COVID and the fact that we probably will get more recommendations to stay at home, we expect this elevated consumption to continue for a while. In biscuit [ph], same in Europe in mass retail, but our business there is more also on the go with away from home. And world travel retail is consolidated in our European number. So apart from that Europe has very strong mass retail. And now that we go back in lockdown, we can expect that to remain like that. And we did see an improvement in the convenience channel in Europe. But as I said before, the world travel retail still remains very soft. And then in emerging markets, two thirds of our markets, which we had already mentioned in the Q2 call bounce back quite nicely. Talking about China, India, Brazil, and some of the European emerging markets like Russia, the Q2 was disrupted, but they're all coming back high single digit growth. At this stage, we do not expect a repeat of the disruption that we saw the beginning of the crisis. I think it's impossible in those countries to do the same sort of lockdowns that they did, because it led to severe economic effects. So we continue to see those markets recuperating with bit bumps, it's not going to be one nice road of birth, that depends a little bit on the local situation and what the government does. But overall, I would expect the emerging markets to gradually keep on improving. And then, there is one-third of our emerging markets that are in situations where the macro effects are more pronounced. On top, unfortunately, those markets are having a high mix of gum and candy in their sales. And so they are severely affected. And those are the ones that that are having more serious problems, talking about Mexico, Central America, talking also about the Middle East and parts of Africa, and also a few countries in Southeast Asia. So that gives you an idea where we are. I think that situation will continue in Q4, and even stretch out in the beginning of next year. I don't see a huge change taking place on the on the regional situations as we see them today. Maybe Luca, you can talk a little bit about Q4 and 2021.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. First of all, this quarter, the areas where we are gaining or holding share is at 85%. It's about three points lower than it was the previous quarter. That's minor. And so overall, I would say we've held on to our shares, geographically speaking and in revenue terms very well. What's more important, which we don't report here, but which we know is that the size of the market share gains is quite significant. And it seems some of the more important areas like in China gum or Germany chocolate or biscuits in the U.S., China, Brazil Germany and so on. If we analyze what happened is, in the beginning, I would say, at the beginning of the COVID crisis, it was our supply chain and our route-to-market that partially helped us. Because we saw an increase of our total distribution point. We saw very good customer service level seen the circumstances and, and so on. And we have DSD in some parts of the world. We also know that consumers in this crisis tend to go to trusted brands, they want to feel safe. So they go to the brands they know and trust, particularly the big heritage sort of taste of the nation brands around the world. And then we are accompanying that with increased media, and adapted messaging on our brands, as much as we can to the COVID situation. And that all seems to play very well for us. We've done a number of very successful adaptations of our brands. We can see the equity that we have in our brands increasing. And then the third factor I would say is, since there was more at home snacking, our range that we have in the different categories, our range of products is better suited. We are in more in the classical biscuits and crackers I would say, which is very well suited for home consumption and also in the tablet category of chocolates. And that's really helping us. So going forward with doing a number of actions to sustain those share gains. We increase our working media in the second half. But going into next year, we're continuing to do that same -- the same thing. And so yes, as Andrew was mentioning, we lap a number of things that that will be beneficial for us. We also have some cost pressures, obviously. But we are also increasing again, our AMC investment. Our algorithm allows us to do that. And I think it's critical in a situation where there might be a recession and the consumer might still be a little bit unsure. I think we need to keep on supporting our brands. So we think that will help. We are doing a lot of work on in-store visibility starting Christmas early, probably they'll start Easter early. We've got some very big team activations coming up for next year, some very exciting stuff. And so I feel that we probably have the best activity plan related to our brands that we've had in a number of years coming up for next year. And then we are working very hard on our promotional strategy. We're keeping an eye on value, and any value plus strategy that we need to do like no two-bites or family packs or whatever is needed for the at home consumption. And then the last thing we're doing is that we we've done a number of launches of innovation, innovation in certain countries like an expansion of the Milka spread the launch of the new biscuit brand in Germany and so on. And based on all these things, and the fact that we have momentum and when we seen great connection of our brands with the consumer, we are confident that on top of the elevated level of this year, we can increase our market share further next year.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Alexia. It was very broken up. So I had difficulties understanding what you're exactly as there was an echo somewhere on the line and made it difficult. I think you were asking -- I heard it was about e-commerce, but I don't know what the details were. Somebody did look at the look or maybe you try again.
Dirk Van de Put: On ecommerce. Yes. First of all, we're seeing a very good growth in e-commerce, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. Roughly, you could say that our e-commerce headspace is largely in China and in the U.S. The rest, the two other big countries we have are the UK and France. But I would say the biggest gap we have in China, which we are catching up, we're working very hard on that. Overall, we've seen market share gains, largely in most of the areas around the world with the exception of France at the moment. And we've also started to enter into smaller countries. And that is going to give us some extra gain also. Overall though, if you take globally our shares on and offline are similar. So we have some headroom here and there, but then we are over represented somewhere else. So that's a little bit the situation on e-commerce. Going forward, it's about expanding our assortment to meet the channel need. Its about recreating impulse experience. It's about developing our data as it relates to the consumers and getting better connections with them, it's about putting more investment in there. And then, experimenting with to other areas that are that are developing for us in e-commerce, which is e-business-to-business and direct to consumer. So also important to mention is that our margins are similar online and offline. So that's the situation on e-commerce. If I go to cocoa, we are not --we are experimenting with cocoa in other regions. But at this stage, we are going to continue in large part to continue to source from Ghana and Ivory Coast. We source in Latin America. We source in India. We source in Indonesia. But we are one of the biggest cocoa buyers in the world. And so it, those regions do not offer us enough quantity to shift and shifting, developing real cocoa sourcing takes years. So we're working on that, but it's not going to happen next year, not with the amount of cocoa that we need to buy. On the other hand, we have already started to reflect the extra LID or the living income differential into our pricing. And so, we are fully set to absorb that next year. And we feel good about supporting what the government in those two countries are trying to do. We think it fits in our ESG approach. And at the same time, we keep -- we want to keep on going with our own program Cocoa Life, which is complimentary to that. We think it's the right thing to do, because we want a real sustainable future for cocoa. And farmer income is really critical. And we were making sure through Cocoa Life we can actually see that and monitor what's going on. So we are planning to have 100% of our cocoa volume by 2025 being sourced through our Cocoa Life program. So I would say that is the answer on cocoa.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thank you, Angela. Well, thank you for connecting. As you can see, we had a good, solid third quarter. We feel good about the where the fourth quarter is heading and how we will close the year. We've given you a first flavor of what 2021 looks like, which we also feel pretty good about. And obviously in the next call, we will give you the guidance for the year. If that is possible, because you never know what happens in these COVID situations. Thank you for your interest. And thank you for your questions. And if there's anything else, feel free to connect Andrei or Chef, we can give you more information. Thank you.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, sure. Hi, Andrew. So building on what they've just said, we had line of sight at this point to as we said, it fully of revenue outlook number that this 3.5 plus percent. And importantly, as Dirk just said, all the underlying trends that have been discussed so far up are probably unchanged into Q4 and certainly as we start November. And that is why we see a Q4 in terms of top line that is 3% or so bro [ph]. As far as EBIT goes Q4 should be another strong quarter, I want to reiterate. That is more in line with that last year growth rate. We will continue investing in working media. We'll see the benefit of that, Dirk alluded to higher ROI and the share gains up there to testify the merit for continuous investment. There will be some effect, but lower than in the past in terms of COVID costs, as well as and we are very pleased with the positive effect of the cost initiatives that we are putting in place. We have put in place as part of the emerge stronger.
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. Thank you [Indiscernible] maybe I'll take that. I mean, we reiterate what we said many times. We remain optimistic about both assets. They have clearly a long term potential. To start with, they compete in a strong categories. They have solid fundamentals as categories and these companies are equipped to get more traction on key trends like on demand coffee as one example only. They are gaining share. They have a clear strategic direction. They are executing quite well. And there are strong management teams that can even enhance the advantage of the categories are in brand that both companies have. So there are all the ingredients in our mind for long term top and bottom line and cash flow potential. We are not able to really to talk specifically about JV and the results so far. But I think you saw a strong quarter for KBP continued momentum, top line between consensus, gaining penetration, strong share momentum, EPS, and really strong outcomes across all metrics, and they continue to be leveraged and create cash flow. So we believe that the value is higher than what the current stock price would say for both companies. And not in consistent with other companies as well in the broad CPG world. We made a series of moves, quite frankly, were more tactical than anything. And if you look at our balance sheet, we have showed the top quite well since the beginning of the year. So on KDP we are comfortable around current levels of ownership. And if we make further trades, there will be at the right value for us and we will try to coordinate with other major shareholders. And on JV, clearly, we are a major shareholders. We own 22.9% of the company. We did welcome the IPO that is giving us an avenue for optionality. And having said that, though, we are committed for the long term success of the company, you might expect some trades from us in the coming quarters that should improve the current limited flow. But we will remain disciplined both in JV and KDP. And under current circumstances, we want to retain the presence in both stocks. So what you have seen recently was more tactical than anything. We took advantage of certain stock price levels. I will remain committed to these companies and we'll did believe in the potential. But as you said over time, we want to replace those with snaking assets.
Luca Zaramella: So, the straight answer to the last part of the question is absolutely, yes, we remain committed to dividends to what we said several times about dividend growing in excess of EPS. I think the last dividend increase reflects that. Share buybacks should continue absent in a acquisitions or things that at this point might happen or not. And so I will say yes, there should be share buybacks. And final your free cash flow, free cash flow, there is no reason to expect a slow down into next year. Having said that, I think, you know, we went public with JV that reset the base for tax purposes in Europe. And there is a tax component that is going to be track [ph] into free cash flow next year. But I feel like at this point might not be going up from this year, but considering some of the tax one time as I just thought, I think you can think about a three plus billion dollar cash flow unit for next year. That's the plan at this point.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. On inventory levels, there are obviously puts and takes. I would say, we got to a more normalized level at the end of Q3. Overall, I think we are in a decent situation. As I said there might be places where we need to do a little bit more other way we are fine. I wouldn't expect if we pick up due to inventory replenishment in the courses to come. And obviously we want to end the year with the right level of inventory as we have always done.
Luca Zaramella: We said it is 3.4% plus on the full year. So the implied growth rate as I said, it is an about 3% for Q4. I wouldn't read too much into different number than 3% in Q4. I also clearly said that there is one point of growth in the 4.4% that you see in Q3. So again, we are not mind so as you think about Q4. Importantly at this point with the right level of trade inventory. And as we look into next year, again, we want to write all the initiatives that will allow us to read here that on our way. I think that's a simple way to think about it. In terms of cost initiatives, I would say they are pretty much across the board. The most stronger initiatives, the initiatives we have taken in terms of designing our cost packages in terms of pushing net revenue growth, in terms of working to reduce non-working media and increasing working media. Those are effects that you see consistently throughout the regions. Yes, there might be regions like the U.S. where or North America where are we read a little bit more in terms of revenue growth management, but overall, again, they are fairly consistent across the board.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. I didn't understand the second part of the question at all. I mean, I know the first part was about e-commerce. The second part, I have no clue.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. So now may you see David, the way you have to see it these putting in Q2, given the circumstances we pulled back. And so we double down in the second part of the year. And as we said, many times, the share gains that we're seeing, they are truly broad based. They are across multiple brands, multiple countries with the exception, I would say of gum, we are extremely pleased with the share gains we have seen in this case in chocolate. And so we want to retain those and that we will continue to invest into 2021. So between the fact that COVID cost will subside between the fact that in Q2, we will be lapping lower energy spending. I think you will see an algorithm that in terms of EBIT and EPS expansion should be in line with expectations for next year. Don't expect the same material impact that we are heading in the second part of the year in terms of working media into next year. As A, we will be lapping a lower Q2. And B, we will have other labors into the P&L, including COVID costs that will subside, to be able to fund these incremental investments. By realities, the more we can retain those share gains, the better even in a context where maybe categories will be slightly impacted by a potential recession.
