Dave Brearton: I think the way to think about overhead Andrew is it has been the single biggest driver of our market increase over the last few years. It was again the biggest driver of the margin increase in North America and Europe last year and we still believe we have some road ahead of us on that. You’re correct we brought James Kehoe back in at the end of last year as our top management person and a key part of his role is in fact overhead management and he is in the process now working with us to implement a zero based maturity [ph] approach going forward. So I would yes overheads will be an opportunity in 2014 and beyond. I think it's too early for us to quantify that but we will probably give you some more insight on how we’re thinking about overheads impact. 
Dave Brearton: I think it’s a question of just how we frame up the expectations. We have given guidance to be at or above category growth rates. And I think that’s the approximately 4%. Last year, we actually grew share in most of our markets and we were slightly above the category growth rates. And I think we strongly believe that the brands we have got are capable of growing faster than the category. I think as we think about it, we would rather keep that share upside for either covering any emerging market volatility like Venezuela or ideally to deliver upside to the guidance we are giving. And so that’s how we are thinking about it, but clearly, internally we are driving per share growth. 
Dave Brearton: Yes, I think we haven’t given any specific guidance for ‘14 by segment, but I think it’s fair to say that the categories last year in emerging markets grew in the sort of 8% to 9% range and our revenue growth in emerging markets last year was about 9%. So to the extent that we are saying we don’t see the category to get through is changing a lot, those are probably reasonable guidelines for next year. We still find emerging markets over time will return to double-digit growth, but that’s probably not in the next 12 months. Developed markets growth has to say, I mean, the categories have slowed a lot in emerging markets, but a big diver of that, particularly in Europe was in the coffee business. Again, we are not counting on a big recovery and that’s in the short-term, whether North American growth rates tend to be in the 2% to 3% range. In Europe, it’s a bit lower, because of coffee. 
Dave Brearton: We haven’t given a specific number here, but I think it’s actually not too much commodities, it’s more currency, which frankly makes it a little harder to tend down, because it’s more volatile and we have less coverage on it. But it is – it’s going to be a fairly significant driver of the revenue growth in the first half of the year, in particular and it will be more skewed to emerging markets. There is some significant pricing in Europe, but it’s going to be more skewed to emerging markets. 
Dave Brearton: Yes, I think the reason we said it’s a headwind in the first quarter, specifically is last year at this time, coffee prices were still coming down, it’s about $1.45 last year at this time. And the pricing in the marketplace today is more in 110 to 120 range because that’s where green coffee has been for most of the last six months. If you ask me about the back half of the year, then I have to start projecting what green coffee costs are going to do. As you might have noticed, coffee costs spiked up about two weeks ago. We are up about 140 today. If it stays there, we would obviously adjust our prices upwards to reflect that, because coffee is an extra category that’s not built into our guidance, but I think it’s way too early to say whether that’s going to sick or not, regardless it wouldn’t affect quarter one. Quarter one will play out more or less based on where the pricing in the marketplace is today against that kind of 145 base last year. 
Dave Brearton: In terms of the numbers we had a plan to increase emerging market investments overtime. This year we made decision to accelerate about a $100 million for that investment from ’14 than the ’13 and I have (indiscernible) that’s part of our results this year so we did make that step up. We’re not pulling back on that but we will sustain that kind of spending as we go into next year so we’re not going to have another step change but we will try to sustain that level of spending as we did in the next year but in terms of how we think about the investments although Irene will address that. 
Dave Brearton: Sure. I mean that line we would have called selling, general and administrative expenses includes all of what we call our advertising and consumer promotions. It includes all of our overheads outside the manufacturing area. It also includes other income expense which has some of the sort of one-off items that would come from asset sales and stuff. So it is a broad bucket. I think the reduction year-over-year is partially Forex frankly but also partially overheads are down and particularly down in North America and in Europe where we have had pretty good programs all through the year and we have been building, saving as we went through the year. Quarter Four a year ago was also relatively high particularly in North America because that was the first quarter after the spin and that’s really when the dissynergies hit sort of the before whack in the fourth quarter last year. So that’s kind of what’s in that bucket and what’s driving the reduction. In terms of the A&C spending we said that we spent just over 9% in 2012, what we finished last year about the same actually. We invested more in emerging markets but we have some good productivity programs in the developed market that allows us to get some efficiencies out of that. So again the same kind of reach. 
Dave Brearton: We haven't given any guidance on that but I wouldn’t expect any material changes up or down. We will talk probably a little more about that soon. 
Dave Brearton: When we talk about pricing to cover commodities and currency we’re talking about transaction. So the impact of currency on the cost of importing materials into a specific country. We don’t try to price to recover in the translation impact of currencies so that’s part of when we talk about we gave guidance on a constant currency basis, the approximately 4% just on a constant currency basis. If currencies stay where they are today, then it would come up a bit because of that. As we said, the EPS impact of the spot today is about $0.07, so you would expect that to come down a bit on reported basis, but I would expect those currencies to move around a bit as we go through the year. 
Dave Brearton: Yes, I would rather not quantify it, because truthfully, I think last time we had an Easter shift that shifted literally the entire Easter shipments this year three weeks, so maybe partial. So I think it’s going to depend frankly as we negotiate with each customer. So we have given you an aggregate of 2% to 3% and a number of factors below that, but I’d rather back in them specific from Easter. 
Dave Brearton: Yes, directionally that would be right. The biggest hits we got on the gross margin line were from currency, which as I said we don’t have coverage on currency in a lot of the emerging markets, whereas we can cover that pretty easily for Europe and North America. And so that demonstrates quickly, we are putting the pricing in place across the globe today, but in the back half of the year, there was a lag as we have the hit on the currency and we didn’t get pricing to resume Q1. So yes, the gross margin was more in the emerging markets less in the developed markets. 
Dave Brearton: I think as you look at the some of the OI bridges, you can see by reason where the margin declines were, but gross margin was a decent component of that. 
Dave Brearton: Yes, I think it’s correct, it is resolving the underlying costs trends. The issue on the currency is not the translation, which I would agree would be more (indiscernible) to U.S. companies, but if India buys cocoa, they are buying at British pounds and so the Indian rupee at the values they have got to pay more and pay us to get their cocoa. So if the local cost increase, all the competitors face the same thing. So we are not going to be able to step with the industry. The reaction we talked about and the sensitivity in emerging markets is likely to be more from consumers and it just takes a while to get the price back on a potential way to make sure that in every channel, there is a right path and the right size and right price point for every consumer and get that all the way through the system, it pays consumers a little bit, get used to that. And typically it’s a quarter in emerging markets. So that’s really what we talked about in the first quarter has been one of the headwinds, but I would say that – I would consider that normal when you take these kind of price increases. 
Dave Brearton: I don’t want to get into breaking that every time I would say in the quarter the biggest contributor to the margin gains we found North America and Europe were overheads and I think a lot of the other stuff that’s in that line there is other income expense which has an asset sales. Last year we had some as well but they were in a different quarter and this year it's headed fourth quarter. So there is a lot of numbers in there I think the takeaway you should have is we’re continuing to sort of support our business on the A&C side and the real underlying margin growth in North America and Europe is driven by overhead cost management particularly as we run through the back half of the year. 
Dave Brearton: I don’t want to get down in that level of detail but I think there is lot of things in that line so I wouldn’t try to worry trying to quantify number there. 
Dave Brearton: That’s this year. Last year, we had a very similar number, but it was in prior quarters and it was in Russia and Turkey last quarter. I think the simple way to think about is when we bought Cadbury in a little we have got a lot more facilities underneath them and we are just claiming that up, because it reduces our cost of maintaining these over time. 
Dave Brearton: Yes, it’s in the adjusted base as I said. We are still doing cleanup. I mean, I am not going to make a guidance number that will give every quarter, but I don’t view it as a material headwind for us, no. 
Dave Brearton: No, I think as you look at the $0.15 to $0.20, it’s going to be the combination of a few things. Number one, we are growing revenue around 4%, so that’s the good start. We are fully pricing commodities in Forex and so while that’s not necessarily margin a increment, it gives us the opportunity to take more of that productivity to the bottom line. So we would expect gross margins to improve and we have got good momentum on the overhead programs that we started during the year – this year. We expect to see that continue into next year and that’s going to be a big driver. So the drivers of the $0.15 to $0.20 in operating gains are the double-digit OI growth. As we have talked about – in our view pretty much within our control and that’s why we are fairly confident. 
Dave Brearton: Yes, it does. So I think that past year, all our revenue growth came from pretty much all of it came from volume mix. I think it will be more balanced in 2014, because we are putting in pretty material pricing in emerging markets and in the Chocolate Dairy categories to be covered by commodity. 
Dave Brearton: It would be neutral to operating income growth other than make sure that our gross margin is protected, so the net productivity can drop or significantly more of the net productivity can drop through. So it’s more a question of yes, there will be some portion that is volume mix and that will drop through the OI, but probably more important than that, it gets us more of the net productivity dropping through when the gross margin bounces. 
Dave Brearton: Yes. I think the simple answer is yes, we are done with the inventory destocking that all came out – the end of that came out in the fourth quarter. And as we look at first, the start to the year, we would say the businesses are pretty stable putting already, but we are feeling good about the business already. What we warned about was more about how the comparisons look versus prior year. Last year, we had very strong growth rate in the first half. It’s only possible, more difficult than the first half. And obviously we didn’t have a terrific back half so we are costing in a much easier in the back half. But in absolute dollar shipments and time is going out the door, I think we are already in a pretty good run-rate month over month. 
Dave Brearton: The cash provided by operating activities which is a combination of our earnings and the cash conversion cycle essentially is the same and we said 4.1 plus because hopefully we will do better than that. So we’re not taking our foot off the gas on the cash conversion cycle, the reason it slows down at the bottom is because the CapEx we started spending about 4% of CapEx we said we were probably going to spend around five for the next 2, 3, 4 years and in 2013 we’re kind of half way between we got up to 4.5%. We will probably spend 5% of CapEx in 2014. So that’s the biggest reason you see the slowdown the other piece is the restructuring spending which is basically is more skewed to 2014 less skewed to 2013 so there is a bit of phase in there. But in aggregate across the two years we’re actually spending a little bit less CapEx and we’re spending the same amount of restructuring. So that’s phase in place. 
Dave Brearton: Yeah I think that’s basically an Argentina, Venezuela thing and I think truthfully even last year as I talked about earlier the growth in those two countries that we got was basically for pricing and part of through vol mix. So yes consumers are trading down to lower priced brand and their having to monitor their cash carefully. So Argentina and Venezuela have been continued to be difficult markets. I think it's truthfully not a lot different today than it was a year two ago in Venezuela. Argentina may have gotten a little bit worse but we’re pretty experienced with the (indiscernible) those markets. 
Dave Brearton: I think it's not as much of a consumers, but consumers and most companies are pretty used to having do business in these countries but maybe regulatory issues. Last Argentina put in price controls for a while and that hurt us a bit but then there was none afterwards. So are the kinds of things that tend to cause a little more short term issue but it tends to be temporary. It's just the way those countries operate. 
Dave Brearton: Yeah I’m not going to give you a shares outstanding although you probably calculate it, we had $2.7 billion buyback last year and we said we will spend between 1 billion and 2 billion this year. I think our interest expense we said that between the interest in shares we would have $0.11 to $0.13 benefit and the benefit is roughly half and half between interest and shares. So interest will be lower mostly because we did, got a little bit less back and we did the debt (indiscernible) and refinancing last year which took down the cost of our long term debt. So that will come down. I think on slide 17 in the presentation, I’m sure we earlier, it identifies that. 
Irene Rosenfeld: I think we’re taking the first step in that direction with the guidance that we have given you for 2014 but without a doubt as we monitor these markets and we see how our categories are evolving it will be our intent to grow as we have said at or above those category growth rates and I think that’s the right way to think about it. 
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes we continued to see the opportunity to make foundational investments that we think will get a good return investments in route to market, investments in sales capabilities for example so that we’re well positioned as these markets recover and we certainly did see a good return on our investments in markets like Russia and India and Brazil last year. So we will continue to look at those investments. We’re going to pull that a little bit on some of the AMC investments as we see the categories continue A&C investments as we see the categories continue to grow at the rates that are out there today because we’re just not finding that we’re able to change the trajectory much with those investments. So that’s how we’re thinking about it but we will obviously continue to monitor the markets and make the adjustments accordingly. 
Irene Rosenfeld: No. OpEx has always been a challenging environment in which to do business. And we adjust our timing typically accordingly as a result of that, but I am very pleased with the performance of our European team this past year and that they improved their margins about 60 bps and it was primarily driven by lower SG&A across the board. So that’s the challenges in any individual country doesn’t affect our overall confidence and the ability to continue to drive margins in that region. 
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I am not going to comment on any hypothetical stuff David. I think the reality is that it does provide an important scale role as you say in Europe and Eastern Europe and it has been historically it's gone contributor to our profitability in our cash flow. This cash year has been quite the anomaly given the tremendous volatility that we have seen in pricing and as we have mentioned it's been a disproportionate as having a disproportionate impact on the top line. We have been able to protect margin. So net-net it is a volatile category it has performed reasonably well and well in line with our portfolio over the last couple of years, but 2013 was a rather unique year. 
Irene Rosenfeld: Well as we said we’re not expecting any dramatic recovery in the category anytime soon. Obviously our emerging markets businesses continues to grow nicely. It's been the developed markets that have been a challenge and within that the U.S. We have made great progress from a shared standpoint and it's been driven by the steps that we took to address that, it's been about our shelf resets, our focus on some of the core benefits like freshness and oral care. It's been execution at point of buying and as well as the product assortment on shelf. So we’re going to continue to use that play book we have got a nice pipeline of innovations coming behind some of the focus on freshness for example and we have got a number of test in place to address the long term growth of the category that we’re hoping will start to improve. So we remain quite committed to the gum category, we do see our competitors taking a number of actions and we actually think that will be good for the category overtime. 
Irene Rosenfeld: We continue to see that as a nice growth engine for us. There have been some puts and takes on that business for example our Halls U.S. business has been a little weaker year-over-year because of the flu season up until the end of last year was not quite as robust as it has been a year ago. We have seen some challenges in China on our chocolate Eclairs business but net-net candy continues to be a quite an attractive category and we do expect that that will play an important role in our growth algorithm going forward. 
Irene Rosenfeld: There is nothing. We have got a nice pipeline of innovation and we would expect to grow in line with the category in 2014. 
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. Well, within our European portfolio, the on-demand and convenient coffee has reflected in Millicano have been the key drivers not only of our revenue growth, but also of our margin improvement. So those are critical enablers in our European and our Eastern European businesses. So we will continue to invest behind them. 
Irene Rosenfeld: We do see a great opportunity there John and we’re continuing to invest. As we have talked about, we have got over a $1 billion business there to-date. We just watched gum about a year ago with a sizeable $100 million business for us and overtime you will see us continued to invest in the country. So I think the mechanism by which we choose to invest may vary from category to category and from company to company but it is a big growth opportunity for us and as we see the biscuit category we cover we’re quite confident that China will continue to be a growth engine for us. 
