Luca Zaramella: Thanks, Brian. Good afternoon, everyone. It's a great honor and privilege for me to be the next CFO of Mondelēz. I have a great belief in this company and I am excited to take on this role after over two decades of building my career working across the company. I've had the opportunity to see emerging and developed markets across Europe, Latin America as well as in North America in corporate. I'm happy to be working with Dirk and excited to enter the next phase of this company. I have personally learned a great deal from Brian and benefited from his leadership and counsel over the past few years, and I look forward to getting to know those on the call over the coming months and quarters. I'll now turn it over to Dirk for some closing comments.
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. And maybe about the total company, clearly, we are encouraged by the evolution of the topline over the last three quarters and, as we said in the opening remarks, quite pleased about the fact that it is broad-based both in terms of categories and regions. Also pleased by the volume and price balance that we see. And in general, as you saw, we are improving our revenue outlook for the year. In totality for the company, though, we want to remain thoughtful about the second half. There are still some elements of volatility in emerging markets, like Brazil, as we said. North America, good progress, as we've said but improvement is going to be gradual. And in terms of comparison, we're lapping higher growth in the second part of last year and also malware was a positive effect specifically in Q3 last year.
Luca Zaramella: I think when you look at that, take into consideration the fact that in those numbers, there are a couple of drivers, one is Argentina, where clearly we price according to inflation and there is a volume implication there. The other one that came into play in the quarter, it is in the Philippines where we had to price for a beverage tax. And the pricing we took was quite high. It was around about 100%, so there was a volume impact. But we are quite pleased to see the likes of China, India, and Russia actually growing volume. And so in general, I would say, as you strip out some of the outliers I've just mentioned, we feel quite good with the volume momentum we see even in developing markets.
Luca Zaramella: Yeah. I think Brazil, clearly, was impacted by the trucker strike. We feel quite good about majority of the emerging markets. You look at Russia, Russia grew quite highly about 15% in the quarter. So it was quite a good number. We are gaining share. The categories are doing well. India the same, volume driven growth. China, mid single-digit growth. So, in general, as we look at developing markets, I think we feel quite good. So I would say that excluding Brazil and the couple of other markets, namely some markets in the Middle East, all the rest grew solidly in Q2.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Luca. Thanks, Brian. In closing, while we continue to see some volatility across a few emerging markets, we feel very good about the progress we've made in both developed and developing markets. Our business in Europe continue to perform well, and while there is more work we need to do in North America, we are working hard to drive improvement in the region and seeing progress. Developing markets across AMEA and Latin America have mostly improved over the past several quarters except for Brazil, which is expected to remain challenging over the near term. I am encouraged by the momentum that we are seeing in the business and with the strong first half results. We're making good progress with our strategic review and are looking forward to sharing this work in early September. And with that, let's open the line for questions.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Bryan. I think you touched upon the two areas that, clearly, for the rest of the year require attention from our side. As it relates to North America, yes, we have made some progress. Our supply chain, which is one of the key things that we needed to work on and improve, has shown some good customer service results in the second quarter. And we're seeing some good momentum also from our DSD system. It remains, however, a system that still has a few old plants in there, which are a bit finicky, so we feel good, but we need to keep on confirming for the rest of year that we have things under control, so we're a bit cautious. At the same time, we do see an increasing momentum in the categories in North America and our share performance within that has been better in the sense that biscuits is accelerating and we have increased a little bit our share. And as it relates to gum, the category is doing better and our share decline has improved a little bit. So, yes, we are having a stronger topline. If you take out malware, we're now clearly in positive territory in North America. At the same time, for the remainder of the year, I would say that the comparisons are going to become more difficult because, as you will remember, the third quarter had a positive effect last year from malware, and just overall the comparisons become more difficult. So we feel good about our forecast for North America in the remainder of the year, and we want to see what next quarter brings us before thinking through if it should be higher.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, Andrew. Well, of course, the best measure for us is our share performance that this – what will give us the clearest measure. We also, of course, look at our customer service and things like out-of-stocks and so on and that is clearly improving for us. And I think also the fact that we are much more clear on our communication about the fact that we do believe in DSD and we think it can be a differentiator for us, that has caused us to get more confident in our themes (25:51). If we go a little bit deeper, the things we typically look at is the number of displays that we have, what's going on with our share of shelf. And there we see a clear improvement and clear increases. So those are the different factors that we look at to be able to understand how DSD is doing for us.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, David. I would say the – and this is a little piece of what we're looking for at the new strategy and we will talk more about it in September. But the way I look at it is we are a company that is composed of Power Brands, which are global brands that are clearly on trend and that are doing well and provides the majority of our growth. But we have also a number of other brands, largely local brands. And those you can indeed divide up in two categories. There's the ones that are quite lost that have potential. They can play in authenticity or a health and wellness role. And we probably have not invested enough in them. And that's one of the areas where we are trying to make the change. And then there is probably a number of them that are not as appealing and that really don't have a clear future. And yeah, we need to see what we need to do with those. You start to see already a little bit of that. Europe has started to shift some of their investments into some of those local brands and we're getting some good traction from that. So I don't think they're going to grow 3%, 4%. But to see them somewhere around 1%, maybe a little bit above that, on an ongoing basis, we would be quite happy if that is what these brands are going to do for us.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. I would say first of all Brazil is important for us as it probably is for some other companies too. It's about 6% of our revenue. And we certainly see heightened volatility. You had the truckers strike in this quarter, which has kind of thrown off the quarter, probably had about a $20 million impact on the topline. We think that was lost consumption as the product was not in the store and the consumer really couldn't get to the store. We don't think in a category like snacking that is going to come back. So that's going to affect the rest of the year. You've probably seen that the exchange rate also has started to move that is giving us some volatility. And there's also some social and political unrest in Brazil. So on the short term for the rest of the year, we're sort of expecting that the consumer confidence and the consumer behavior will be affected. And so we expect more disruption and bit of a difficult time for the second half of the year. On top of that, we have – and maybe we've reported on this a few times, we're doing quite well in biscuits and in gum. But in the chocolate markets, we've had some heavy competitive pressure. So we're faced with that also. Longer term, I think, yes, the observation that Brazil is doing better that the GDP is improving. And I would say probably over the midterm, we are more positive about Brazil. But I wouldn't dare to say that the second half of the year will already bring us a much improved situation.
Dirk Van de Put: No, no. What I meant is that during those 11 days, the consumer bought less product because on one hand there was less product available, on the other hand, since it was a massive issue, consumers didn't get to the store. Since we're in snacking and in foods market, if they don't have their cookies for today, they won't eat them and they won't catch up going forward. They will still consume going forward. But those 11 days, we probably have lost for the year. But there's no ongoing effect of consumption for us.
Dirk Van de Put: Well, I would say that if I look at AMEA overall, all the signs are very positive. For the first half, AMEA is up 2.7%. We have very good growth in India with double-digit. We have China, mid-single digits. South East Asia is also growing quite solidly. So it really boils down to the Middle East and Australia. Middle East, it has declined double-digits because of the category softness and also some of the economic conditions. The Middle East has been a tough region for us. For a longer period of time, a lot of the subsidies are gone and some of the competitors didn't price and so on. So on top of that, we were cautious with our Ramadan season. And so we see some effect of that. Australia also declined. That was due to Easter phasing, some challenging market conditions and increased competitive activity. I'm expecting Australia to come back. The Middle East, the softer Ramadan of course will not continue. But it's still a region where clearly consumer confidence and consumer spending is affected at the moment.
Dirk Van de Put: Yeah. No, I wouldn't say that I see a bigger effect on consumer confidence or consumer spending going forward. We do have a little bit of a devaluation, so that will affect consumer prices in Brazil. But apart from that, I think we remain cautious, but we do not see any signs that consumer offtake is affected in a major way. Of course, you have the elections that are coming up which causes usually some volatility, especially in the run-up to the election. So that's why we are a – for all those reasons, we are a little bit cautious at the moment. But at this stage, we don't see an effect on the consumer offtake.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, yes. We don't see the – the first thing you mentioned, we don't necessarily see that as a must to get to that 3% growth. I think if we can get the U.S. closer to the market growth and the same in Brazil, we should be very close to the 3% market growth.
Dirk Van de Put: Yeah, Ken. Look, it's – I think much of the agenda in Europe has been what we've talked about on a global basis, right. So supply chain reinvention, building capacity and capability with lines of the future that have lower conversion costs and more efficiency, we've obviously done that and added capability in Europe. We've also closed down some facilities and that's contributed as well. They have been as you've seen sort of the best example of a place where we've seen volume growth that's given us leverage in the P&L and that's helped the margins as well. Everything we've done with shared services and G&A reductions, Europe has done that too. So I think it's the broader global agenda coupled with volume growth and a good starting point from a competitive standpoint has really helped that business to shine. And as we look at the margins in the Europe business, they compare incredibly well to other peer companies in Europe and the team has done a very good job with that.
Dirk Van de Put: Well, I think we've reached the end. Thank you for dialing in. And again, I would like to thank Brian, wish him all the best. It was great to have him here, and as you can imagine, he's had a big impact on the performance of this company over the last four years. And I'm, of course, welcoming Luca and he's looking forward to work with all of you, and thank you for investing in the company.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, Andrew. That's part of it. Up 60 basis points, we feel pretty good about it. And I think we've been saying it as we move through the year that we expected to see gross margins get a bit better and we still expect them to be up for the total year. I would say mix has been helpful. Net productivity and the supply chain execution actually was good in the quarter. Sequentially, we had commodities moving in the right direction. As we said we had hedges that we're rolling off, gave us access to lower priced cocoa. That was helpful sequentially. Dairy pricing, we've now pretty much got covered with pricing – or dairy increased inflation we have covered with pricing. And then volume leverage, I think, overall has contributed better absorption and better overall margin. So I think those are the key drivers. And as I said, we feel good about in the 70% commitment for the year that gross margins will still be up year-over-year, so good progress in the quarter.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, Jason. It's Brian. I'll take it. And as you think about it, I think we sort of got the math at about 70 basis points disconnect between category growth and higher growth. And there's really two drivers. We are net-net still in aggregate losing some share. It's mostly in Brazil, U.S. gum contributes, and those are probably the two biggest. And then there's – as we talked about in the first quarter, there's an inventory trade reduction that played out in the North America business. Those are the two biggest drivers that would explain the delta. I'd say we feel pretty good about the fact that the share performance almost everywhere else in the world is actually improving and I think we see this gap closing over time.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah. Look, I think Rob it's moved around a little bit. I mean it's actually down a little recently. When you look at it in the scale of sort of a five-year cycle of where cocoa has been, it's actually pretty reasonably priced. And we feel okay with that and we've been locking in a little bit longer than we otherwise would given that dynamic. It's going to be slightly favorable for us in the second half of the year sequentially and year-over-year. And then first half of next year, it feels about the same based on what we have kind of in place already. So we're not really worried about where cocoa is. It hasn't moved a whole lot. I'd say dairy has come down a little bit. And if you look more broadly, not a whole lot of new changes to the commodity environment for us in terms of our key commodities. Crude oil has obviously moved up and that affects us in some parts of our supply chain. But we've got some long-term hedges in place there as well. So I mean as we said coming into the year, commodity's relatively benign year-over-year and I would say that's still the case. I would say, as you would have heard from several other companies, clearly, there is some building inflation pressure in some other parts of the supply chain. When you look at logistics and packaging and even labor costs around the world, I would say that's looking to be more inflationary as you move over the next couple of years. And that's something that as we look at the strat plan and start talking about how we plan the business, we're going to have to take into account. But as you look at 2018, I'd say relatively benign right now.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah. I'd say two things. I mean we continue to work overheads and ZBB continues to deliver for us. We are reinvesting some dollars within overheads into some growth activities. And then A&C, I'd say A&C is down slightly in the quarter, and I'd say mostly timing related. As we've said, we expect the total year to be roughly flat with 2017, and we'll probably have some higher spending in the second half of the year.
Brian T. Gladden: And I think, David, we managed the Ramadan fairly well, I mean to the point where I don't see a carryover inventory challenge with how we manage through Ramadan. I think we were cautious coming into the season.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah. Look, John, I think the gum and candy business continues to be a very high margin business for us. And I think as we've looked at it over time, there are some elements of that business that have a higher cost structure. I mean it's a more intense go-to-market model. The route to market costs more. But as you think about the core gross margins of the business, it's still a very good business. And I think over time, as we've seen the growth slow and the category shrink in some cases, we have taken some costs out. And we've worked to try and maintain those margins. So, it is still a contributor to the P&L. It still drives very strong cash flow, and it's still a good margin business. And I think over time, we have continued to take more cost out, and it has benefited from a lot of the bigger cost reductions and G&A reductions that we've done across the whole company as well.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah. Look I think that will be a topic that I know that Dirk and Luca and the team will talk to you about how we think about gum. It's still in some markets. It continues to be a pretty important element of our go-to-market capability and the scale that we have in those markets. So I think there's places where there are opportunities to grow. And as you know that business in the emerging markets, those guys continue to show growth for us. So continued growth in some of the emerging markets with high margins, that's a good thing. But you can expect to hear more about that I think in September with the team.
Brian T. Gladden: Well, I think there's a fair portion of that that's been the transformation of the company has contributed. So with a restructuring driven program that's taken a lot of cost out, we're obviously going to be in a different phase of the transformation and not have nearly the supply chain reinvention opportunity in a place like Europe. So I think the volume growth will continue to be the big lever point for them. And if we can grow on what is a competitive cost structure, I think you'll see margin expansion in Europe going forward.
