Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Chris, and good afternoon. As you've heard from so many companies, the global economy is tough. And the consumer environment continues to be weak in many markets. Nonetheless, we reported strong second quarter earnings. Our bottom line was high quality, driven by gross margin expansion from volume/mix and productivity as well as overhead savings. Our top line performance, however, was mixed, primarily due to softness in the United States. Our U.S. top line continued to be affected by two things: greatly reduced merchandising support from a key customer, which we foreshadowed in the first quarter; and a significant step-up in promotional activity in a few categories.  We have solid plans in place to address these issues. And that will result in sequential improvement in top line results in the second half. However, I'm very pleased with the ongoing strength in Europe and developing markets. We expect our earnings momentum to continue in the second half. This momentum will enable us to invest in the business, while still delivering at least $2 in operating EPS. These incremental investments will restore growth in North America and fuel top line momentum internationally.  Let me now turn it over to Tim to discuss the second quarter results in more detail.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Tim. As we look back over a very eventful first half of 2010, we're beginning to realize the benefits of several things. Our improved portfolio mix, our broader geographic footprint, our significant brand investments and our cost savings initiatives. This is creating a virtuous circle that will enable us to accelerate volume and mix gains, leverage our scale and drive down overhead costs, and generate additional earnings that can be reinvested in the business.  Our businesses in Europe and developing markets delivered exceptional performance through the first six months of the year. We posted both strong vol/mix and market share gains. In North America, despite some headwinds, our investments generated solid base consumption growth for a number of our priority brands. And across the portfolio, volume/mix gains and cost savings expanded both gross- and operating margins. This in turn is enabling incremental investments behind our priority brands around the world.  On the bottom-line, operating EPS rose 18%, driven by strong operating gains in the Kraft Foods base business.  Turning to Cadbury, the integration continues to progress extremely well. The acquisition has provided a great infusion of new talent. In fact as we've named the business unit-, country- and functional leaders around the world, about a third of our four hundred most senior leaders come from Cadbury. We've also made excellent progress in identifying synergies. We now expect to deliver greater cost savings and to do so even faster than we had originally planned. Specifically, we expect to generate at least $750 million in annual savings. And we'll deliver about 15% of the savings in 2010 versus a prior estimate of 10%. The total cost to generate these savings will be slightly higher, about $1.5 billion versus our prior estimate of $1.3 billion. But the pacing of costs should be about the same. Although there have been very few surprises during the integration, there are two areas worth mentioning.  First, we've seen some baseline weakness in a few core markets as the businesses were pushed hard in the heat of battle last year. We anticipated this and had begun to reinvest in these markets. We expect they will begin to recover as we exit the year. Second, we discovered that Cadbury distributors carried fairly high trade inventories in a few markets. We intend to normalize those levels. This will result in lower revenue growth in the second half of the year, but it will provide us with a more efficient supply chain going forward and stage the business for future growth.  Turning now to our 2010 outlook. In terms of organic revenue growth, we've adjusted our target to 3% to 4% growth from at least 4%. This reflects the slower than anticipated start in the first half, the impact of aggressive promotional activity and the normalizing of Cadbury trade inventory in select markets.  Where we ultimately fall within that range will depend on the consumer environment globally, as well as whether or not merchandising changes are implemented by a key U.S. customer. If these mutually beneficial merchandising opportunities occur, we'll be higher in the range. If not, we'll be lower. Regardless, our objective is to build a solid revenue base from which we will generate profitable top-tier growth. On the bottom line, as we've said, we expect to deliver operating EPS of at least $2.00, while funding the initiatives we've mentioned. This will enable us to build an even stronger foundation for 2011.  So to sum up, we've continued to make progress toward our goal of building a global powerhouse. Our integration is on track and we 're delivering greater synergies faster than expected. We're beginning to reap the benefits of a more diverse global portfolio. We're delivering strong, high-quality base business earnings growth, and most importantly, we're reinvesting our upside this year to further strengthen our brands and lay the foundation for top-tier performance in 2011. We'd now be happy to take your questions.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well first of all, Chris, our focus has been and will continue to be on advertising and marketing investments that will build our brands for the long term. That will remain unchanged. We still expect our second half revenue growth to be volume/mix-driven with very little contribution, if any, from pricing.  We'll remain disciplined as we move forward here, but I will say that as category leader, we will not continue to tolerate share gains being driven by aggressive promotional pricing. So you will see some increase in our promotional spending in select U.S. categories in the second half. But that is reflected in our guidance, and as I said, we expect that our second half revenue will be primarily driven by vol/mix. With respect to the question about the contribution, as you saw, pricing contributed very little to our overall performance in aggregate or in North America. Our results were primarily driven by vol/mix.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, it's actually both of them, Chris. It's a combination of the focus on vol/mix, particularly our focus on priority brands, which around the world tend to have higher margins, as well as cost savings. And those will continue to be key drivers of our margins going forward.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, let me answer your first question, on our spending levels. We continue to move our business toward our ultimate endpoint of 8% to 9% of revenue in A&C. We're making very good progress there and as you heard, we made significant investments in the first half of the year, we're up double digits, which takes us to about 7.5% or so of revenue on a base Kraft; the total company's actually closer to 8% because Cadbury comes in at a somewhat higher spending level. And we expect to continue to see that relationship continue in the back half. As we mentioned, we had fairly significant back half loading in our base Kraft programming, or actually in our planned programming, and now that we are now anticipating spending some additional monies in the back half, you will see even more of a contribution on the marketing side. That is what gives us great confidence that we will be able to see sequential improvement in our top line. With respect to the questions as to how our merchandising plan's progressing, we obviously have seen this. Our major U.S. customer has been quite public in suggesting that perhaps they went a little bit too far in a changing their merchandising philosophy. We have a very strong set of consumer programs, plans for the back half of the year, and we will work together to realize those opportunities. And as I said, that in some respects accounts for the range that we've given in our top line guidance.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well what I'd say, Terry, is we haven't seen a very tight relationship between cost and pricing in the Cheese business and in fact, as we shared with you in the first quarter, we saw a number of our customers very aggressively promoting natural cheese in particular, and that's been a key part of our volume decline in Cheese. I think as we move forward here, we have made some programming changes on our own business that I think we're starting to see pay some dividends and we certainly are starting to see, as you suggest, prices come back up a little bit. So I think we'll see things in better balance in the back half, and we certainly do expect to see sequential improvement in our overall Cheese business as a result. Most of that, though, is about natural cheese. We continued to make good progress in our focus businesses where we make most of our money and we've had successively strong share performance on our cream cheese, our single's business and in Velveeta.
Irene Rosenfeld: What I think, Terry -- I can't speak for the retailers, what I can tell you -- is we certainly saw more tactical trade-driven activity in the second quarter. We chose not to participate, we chose to invest in our brands because we do believe that is the proper way to stage our brands for the long-term. And I would say that our assessment is pretty much what you just suggested, that it has proven to be the right strategy. We did not see category growth; in fact, many of our categories continued to [indiscernible] (43:43) experience some weakness and it certainly has not appeared to drive traffic, so I am hopeful that everyone is looking at that same profile and will realize that the right way to run these businesses for the long term is by investing in equity spending. But again, we're going to stay on our game.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I will say we have certainly seen good share performance on our Gum business around the world. And that is one of those categories that we believe can benefit from increased investment. And so we are making those investments in key markets around the world, and I think it will pay good dividends for us.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I will tell you I think, John, we're in the midst of 2.0 coming from two places. First of all, the programming we've got on base Kraft where we are looking at costs across the entire value chain, and in particular, we've laid out for you last September our focus on managing overhead in each of the regions around the world. So we've got zero overhead in North America, negative overhead in Europe and overhead growth at half the rate of revenue in our developing markets. That's obviously beginning to play through very nicely in our base Kraft results. Obviously, the larger overhead you're looking at right now for the combined company has a lot of Cadbury overhead in it and of course, that's a big part of our synergy. So I think you will see that number inherently come down as we deliver against our synergies. But I will tell you, the 2.0 opportunity that you refer too is very much under way and you will continue to see that play through our numbers in both this year and into 2011.
Irene Rosenfeld: Andrew, as you rightly say, a big part of the margin improvement that we have committed to for the total company depends upon our improvement in Europe and we are making terrific progress in that regard. As you saw, we're up about 200 basis points on our base Kraft business this quarter. And it's very much for real. I think Mike Clark shared with you and others last Fall, the plan that we've laid out. It's a combination of continuing to push more profitable volume, continuing to make some significant reductions in overhead and we have the benefit of integration both of the LU business, as well as now the Cadbury business as a further opportunity, as well as the broader opportunities that we have across the company in procurement and conversion. So they are very much real margin improvements. I feel very confident that they will continue, and I feel very confident that the targets that we've laid out both for Europe and within the total Kraft portfolio are achievable.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well we sure would like to hope so. I mean, again, as we look at the results of the very significant promoting that we saw certainly in a number of our core categories, it did not really impact store traffic and it certainly did not help category growth. And I think that those results are clear. And so I do think that everybody looking at those results has to come to their own conclusions. Again, our intent is to stay on our game plan, which is to continue to invest in the longer-term brand building activities, but as I said, we will selectively look at some activity in a select number of categories in the U.S. because we're just not going to continue to tolerate share losses due to aggressive promotional activity. But I think it is quite possible that this could be the beginning of an inflection. It could be an infection point.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, well let me say first of all, without a doubt private label share has stabilized, that's been true over the last couple of quarters, and in fact in some cases we're seeing it begin to decline. So I don't expect a dramatic change there and I think, again, the investments that we are making in our brand franchises, in our brand equities as well as in our innovation pipeline, are, we believe, the way to set ourselves apart over the long term. And so I think we're going to be well positioned to be able to address our market position in the future as a consequence of that investment.
Irene Rosenfeld: I would say that's correct because we basically saw that private label share seems to have a water level, we actually saw it reach that water level a couple of quarters ago, and we haven't seen really much change since that time. But again, our approach to dealing with private label, as well as any of our comp competitors in any of our categories, is to continue to differentiate our brands by investing in equity and investing in the innovation pipeline. And so far, that seems to be serving us well in most markets around the world.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well actually, Rob, it's all three of those, so our advertising will in fact be higher in the back half. We have planned it that way in our base plan, and certainly a portion of the money that we're reinvesting will be against A&C so you will see advertising even stronger in the back half. We got a fairly robust innovation pipeline that was always back half-loaded. Again, we were concerned about the consumer environment and we chose to keep our powder a little bit dry there and so we have a pretty good roster of new products as we look into the back half and we can talk a little bit about that. And then the third piece is simply that we will lack the merchandising change in the back half of the year as well as, as we've seen, there's been some rethinking of that merchandising strategy. So all of that together is what, first of all, makes our programming back half-weighted, and what gives us great confidence that we will see sequential improvement in the back half of the year.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well let me say, first of all, that I expect that as we bring a few companies together we will certainly be stepping up that growth rate as we bring kind of the best of both together. But I would say the profile of the Cadbury business is much more heavily weighted to markets like Australia, New Zealand and Japan. And as we've shared with you, those are markets that happen to be for a number of reasons, primarily macroeconomic, seem to be disproportionally hit by the economic condition. So as a consequence, their growth in those markets was relatively lower.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well I think our first priority will be on the brands that we've identified as our priority brands, and we're getting a very good return on those investments both in terms of base marketing investment as well as innovation. I mean I look at markets like our developing markets. As Tim mentioned, we're looking at 30%, 40% growth on Tang and Oreo without doing anything but invest in those base franchises. So we're using a different metric market-by-market with the end result of focusing on profitable volume/mix driven growth, [ph] that's (1:01:31) profitable sustainable growth, and so far we feel quite good about how that's playing out.
Irene Rosenfeld: No. Everything we've seen, Eric, continues to confirm that this business will be transformational for Kraft. I would tell you that there are some markets that we talked about, Southern Europe, South Africa and Japan where we certainly are seeing some of the macroeconomic impact but that's a select number of markets. The bigger issue is just that in the heat of battle, we knew that Cadbury has perhaps pushed some of their businesses. We also understood that we've got a challenging first half-second half comparison when we put the plans together. So we expected to reinvest in those businesses. We already have made a number of investments in Europe, in the U.S. and elsewhere. We now have the earnings flexibility to go beyond that and we are making selected investments in the best opportunities that we see around the world. So we continue to feel terrific about the portfolio, about the opportunity for Gum, and we've certainly -- given that we will continue to invest in the franchises around the world -- I think we will continue to see share gains as a result.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think what we've said is we've got some upside as the result of the momentum that we have on the business, and we are planning to make some investments. It's probably about $0.10 and we expect about half of that is going to go toward increased A&C on top of the increases that we already had in the base plan.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, first of all, what we've been very clear about is that we will respond in selected categories if we need to. I mean we have been very disciplined and we will remain very disciplined as we go forward. So all I'm suggesting is that we are prepared to respond in selected categories. You've seen that we had some softness in a couple of core franchises, our Biscuit business, our Salad Dressing business and our Cheese business, and we will take some selected actions as appropriate. But we will certainly watch the environment. We certainly are looking at input costs as we move forward here. But our primary focus will remain on investing in longer-term brand-building, because that's what will pay the dividends for us going forward.
Irene Rosenfeld: It's premature to talk about that today, Ken. That will be one of the subjects we'll talk about at our Investor Day. We certainly are actively involved in beginning to identify the areas of opportunity and figuring out which ones we want to go after, first, second and third. But one of the reasons that I feel really good about having the flexibility to reinvest in our franchise is because we see all kinds of opportunities and we'll be in a position to be able to capitalize on some of them sooner than we had anticipated. But as we've said before, the real impact of revenue synergies will not begin to hit until next year.
Timothy McLevish: I'd like to take all the credit, Chris, for the significant increase. You need to recognize that Cadbury brings in a starting point of a higher gross margin than traditional Kraft is, so when you look at almost 200 basis points of improvement, a lot of that is driven by the mix of Cadbury coming in. Still very solid from the Kraft standpoint. We increased 60 or so basis points in the base business but we were aided by the Cadbury integration.
Timothy McLevish: Yes, it absolutely is, Brian. We have held our guidance for this year and are unchanged with regard to our expectations from margin and growth in EPS in 2011.
Timothy McLevish: Large majority of it will come out of the overhead line just because the large majority so far of spending has been head office. We're working our way through the regional offices and down into manufacturing, et cetera, so we'll see some hit the COGS line in the future but the large majority of it will come from overhead currently.
Timothy McLevish: Well, the first thing I would say is that, again, with the investment we're making in our brand equities we feel that we can manage any input cost changes within the P&L. We think we have some pricing power as a result. We're holding to our guidance and think that any inflation that we may see going forward is reflected. We have taken some selective actions in a number of categories where we have seen some input cost changes and, again, that's consistent with our approach to managing the business and within the guidance that we've given.
Timothy McLevish: I'm not going to offer a percentage now. I mean obviously you see a couple select ones, cocoa and sugar have increased materially. But on the balance, other ones have actually come down. We saw modest increase in the first half of this year, balanced across categories.
Timothy McLevish: Well, from an input cost standpoint, as we've said before, we have a pretty active hedging program so we're managing our input costs on a regular basis. And to the extent that we see material again, I believe that we have the pricing power to make sure that we've covered that. So from an input cost standpoint, I don't see a lot of margin pressure. We do, as we've said, plan on spending some additional investment in A&C in the back half of the year and naturally that's going to put some pressure on margins relative to the very strong first half and second quarter. But again, we're going to manage that within our guidance and within the P&L.
Timothy McLevish: We will, as we've targeted a little bit higher A&C as a percentage of revenue, and we will continue to invest until we get to those ranges. Cadbury brings in normally with our categories a little bit higher percentage. The other thing I would point out is we have an Analyst Day coming up in a month are so and we'll be a little bit more clear on our overall strategy and how we manage the strategic brands and the broader portfolio.
Timothy McLevish: No. Actually, it's really a seasonality timing within the year. In the first half, a number of things happened. First of all, there is naturally within Cadbury -- about 2/3 of their profitability falls in the second half of the year. In the first half, we also stage over the first quarter the share issuance for their business and also the interest on the bonds. So we don't have the full effect from the share dilution in the first half, the second half it about doubles. Interest almost doubles and we did have some additional back-end weighting of A&C investment based in their base plan. So that $0.16 still holds, it was about $0.03 in the first half, about $0.13 in the second half as a result of those factors.
Timothy McLevish: Yes, to the extent that we take inventory down, it will affect that. That actually would take that $0.16 a little bit higher.
Timothy McLevish: That's correct. We went from $675 million to $750 million, and increased $200 million from $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion. The same proportion of cash to essentially write-offs would pertain to that as well. The predominance of it is cash.
Timothy McLevish: I wouldn't connect them in that fashion, Eric. I mean as we've looked through the program, we carefully built up the details and in the last several months as we've really gotten under the covers and refined all of our analysis, it's not that we necessarily have found new synergies but we've just confirmed what we've seen and as we are finding more there that it's costing us a little bit more to get it.
Timothy McLevish: Yes, a little bit of it we did. Again, you may note that in the first quarter, we had believed that we didn't find the higher levels that we anticipated, but when we got particularly into some of the developing market economy, there is a multi-tier distribution network. And as we dug down into the network further, we found that they were higher than we would normally expect. As we're rationalizing that into the Kraft distribution system, we think it's prudent to bring them together; and are bringing them down commensurately. A little bit of it in the second quarter but the large majority of it is still ahead of us in the second half of the year. I would say it's somewhere between $100 million and $150 million is what we would expect.
Timothy McLevish: That was [ph] win-win (1:08:33) in one market and I mean it was the timing between first half and second half, it's just a matter of how the programming fell.
Timothy McLevish: It's a one-time. What actually happened is, LU was reported on a lag basis and as we brought them, as we said, we'd integrate them into the Kraft business and as we've done so, we've put them on concurrent closed schedule. Again, so it's a one-time thing and it's part of our guidance, our expectation for the year when we originally gave guidance.
Timothy McLevish: The other half is that inventory [indiscernible] (1:10:15) stock in Cadbury that we just talked about. And the other one is anticipating, as Irene mentioned a bit earlier, that we do expect in the second half, we will respond to the promotional activity in select categories particularly across North America. And so we're anticipating some set-aside for that.
Timothy McLevish: Yes, we don't comment for good reason because we don't want to share with perhaps speculators what we're doing with our hedge positions. So we can't comment. We carry hedge positions on commodities as prudent and as consistent with past practices. And with respect to wheat, it's a very small portion of our total input cost.
Timothy McLevish: Yes, I'll just say we are well hedged for the year. I really don't want to give a specific percentage.
Timothy McLevish: I expect it to be modestly under 30%. We were a little bit above 30% anticipated as the result of the discrete item that we recorded in the second quarter of this year. It'll drop it a little bit below 30%.
Timothy McLevish: Well, first, we've got about a dime in total between tax and favorable operations and the little bit of the synergies, there's about a dime, and as Irene mentioned, the large majority of that we would expect to spend back in the second half, about half of it in kind of A&C and then probably half of the remainder in responding promotional activity and then that trade destocking. So that's kind of how we think about that in the second half of the year. On an ongoing basis, we have said that probably 2/3 to 75%, we would expect to drop to the bottom line and the remainder there would be some spending back from synergies.
Timothy McLevish: I means we've had the business for about six months now. We've taken a pretty good look under the covers and we think, I mean we thought after the first quarter that we had viewed the inventory levels. And we found that there's a little bit more learning in the second quarter. However, with six months under our belt and we are fully in control in managing aspects of the business at this point, we think that we have a pretty good handle on where there might be any pockets of weakness, et cetera. And again, as Irene said, we're very pleased with the business. With respect to pension funding, I mean, we had been aware prior to the transaction that they have an under-funded pension plan and we are working with the trustees of the plan to address that issue. It may result in some cash payments but that's within our plans.
Timothy McLevish: Well, if you think about it, I kind of gave an indication $100 million to $150 million, the impact on full-year growth would be somewhere between 20 and 30 basis points.
Timothy McLevish: That's right. We've picked up about $0.03 in the first half in favorable currency from a earnings standpoint. Sitting where the currencies are today, it's probably second half looking at a penny, a penny of headwind.
