Irene Rosenfeld: Actually, Andrew, when you think about why now, this is going to take us about 12 months to implement, and so as we think about the Cadbury integration, it's well underway. Our International businesses are relatively untouched by this announcement and so they will continue to focus on delivering their results and completing the integration. And as we made, once we made this decision, every decision that we make going forward has some implications for the future state. And so it just made the most sense to just make it public and to begin to implement some of those actions as we move forward here. So it will take some time to actually separate the 2 businesses, but in the meantime, we can have our International businesses focus on completing the Cadbury integration, the bulk of the separation activity, of course, impacts our North American business and we can begin to make the decisions that are consistent with their future role and the future metrics that will be used to evaluate that business.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think it's premature to talk about specific targets, Andrew. Obviously, we see them having different growth profiles. We're not in a position today to begin to issue guidance for 2012, but our long term growth rates and expectations have not changed. What we do expect is that as a consequence of the very different mandates and portfolios of these 2 businesses that we would see some different pro -- we would see some different profiles.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, so let me talk first about the long-term outlook. As I just mentioned, we see no change in the long-term outlook, our growth target of 5 plus organic revenue growth 9% to 11% EPS. We feel quite confident. In fact, given the updated guidance today, we feel quite comfortable that we will meet or exceed those targets in 2011. But the reality is as we look at the economic developments around the world, we would expect that there is likely to be some rebalancing in the profiles of the different regions. But as a consequence of being more targeted and more focused in defining the mandates of these 2 different businesses, we would expect better bottom line performance. So net-net, the long-term growth rate target in aggregates will not change. We would expect to see underneath that some rebalancing. But as I said to Andrew, we're not in a position today to begin to give guidance for 2012 and beyond. In answer to the question about Tim, I'm quite thrilled that Tim has agreed to postpone his departure from Kraft. He will actually lead the steering team that will oversee the creation of this 2 world-class companies, and we're delighted to have somebody with his background, his knowledge of Kraft and of the financial market to really bring some objective and transformational thinking to the creation of these 2 companies. Tim will be in the role until both companies are launched.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, we will continue to reinvest as appropriate. We have set very aggressive targets for our A&C. And as you've seen year-to-date, we're up quite strongly and we will be for the balance of the year. So you will see us continue to invest in the franchises -- in our franchises around the world. We feel terrific about the momentum behind our Gevalia launch. In fact, it's been stronger than we expected. And so we chose -- and to avoid disappointing our consumers, we chose to delay that launch until January 2012. But we are still quite excited about that opportunity, and we believe it will be a very strong brand for us as a complement within our North American coffee portfolio.
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually, it was not. We were expecting to invest behind it. So it was -- the dilution was primarily coming from the absence of the premium coffee of Starbucks in that equation, not from -- so much from the launch of Gevalia.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, we are still confident in approximately billion dollars of revenue synergy estimates that we have laid out. If you recall, we had built in about 50 basis points of growth in our 2011 guidance due to revenue synergies. And as I mentioned in my earlier remarks, most of that hasn't really played through on our numbers, which is why we feel particularly encouraged about our results to date. We should see another 50 to 100 basis points as we look into next year and beyond, as we begin to capitalize either on putting legacy products through the route to market or entering white space market. It's about -- it's a combination of those 2 actions.
Irene Rosenfeld: I'm not quite sure what sort of a structure you're describing. What I will tell you is we feel very good about the opportunities to create these 2 terrific companies, and so that's our focus.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, we were evaluating this for quite some time, David. Obviously, a transaction of this magnitude cannot be pulled off overnight. So as we acquired LU, as we acquired Cadbury, and we began to put the businesses together, and we continued to look at our strategic plan for this combined company, it was clear that we had very different businesses in the portfolio. And we believe that there could be great value created by unlocking those 2 businesses and allowing them to be free to pursue their own unique strategic priorities.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, the reality is -- one of the benefits of Wall-to-Wall was the opportunity to leverage scale across the portfolio, and there's no question that played out quite well for us. And as you remember, it was generating some revenue growth in excess of one point versus the control stores, but it did come with some complexity. And as we continue to revisit our sales structure, looking at the balance of effectiveness as well as efficiency, we came to believe that grocery -- there is still enormous benefit across the grocery portfolio to leverage the various types of the portfolio in events like Meal Solutions or Huddle for Hunger, those kinds of programs. But the focus of our grocery business needs to be on a low-cost warehouse selling system for center of the store products. It's very much focused on shelf management as distinct from a DSD system, which is highly focused on front of the store, impulse merchandising and immediate consumption channels. And so the differences of those businesses, we believe, allows us to create 2 various effective selling capabilities that will optimize the performance of both parts.
Irene Rosenfeld: Not at all. I mean, in fact, one of the reasons why we believe strongly that Tang is an important part of the global snacking business is because of its opportunity and its strong presence, its growth potential, as well as its profit contribution in our developing markets. So we named a very important part of the equation. As you are aware, we have launched Tang in India on top of the chocolate distribution system. And you will see us continue to make those moves as we leverage our strong route to market capabilities around the world, but particularly in developing markets.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, so I think for starters, Eric, we do expect that there will be the opportunity for GroceryCo to return more cash to investors, and for SnackCo to better capitalize on its growth by having a much more focused approach to managing those businesses. The rationale for separating these 2 businesses really comes from 2 places. Primarily, it's about operational benefits. Strategically, as we think about the very significant difference in the strategic priority, the focus of the grocery business on low-cost efficiency, particularly within a warehouse distribution system versus the profile of the global snack business, which is about high growth and essentially the leverage that comes from volume and mix growth, if you think about resource allocation, rather than having these 2 entities competing for an incremental dollar investment, we now have the opportunity to be able to use $1 within each of those companies to better achieve their objectives. I think from our customers' standpoint, they have very different go-to-market strategies, as I described a few minutes ago. The difference between a much more stable off-the-shelf management kind of approach to our grocery businesses as distinct from top zone, end-aisle merchandising, impulse purchasing of our snacking businesses, I think for investors, I think better understanding the growth drivers and the priorities for the use of cash, I think we have never been able to get credit for the tremendous snacking portfolio that we have within the company. I think the opportunity as we separate these 2 businesses for that to be much more visible and for investors to see the incredible profile that our global snack business has in aggregate and certainly relative to peers, I think, will serve as well. So ultimately, I believe the separation from an operational standpoint allows us to perform better. And then of course, there are clearly some financial benefits that we believe will come just as a consequence of the better clarity in the investment thesis between the 2 entities.
Irene Rosenfeld: No. For the most part, the Kraft brand will go with the North American grocery business. But there will be a couple of trademarks like Tassimo, like Philadelphia for example, that will be shared. And obviously, we'll work out the details of that as we move forward. But for the most part, we detailed the brands within each portfolio. It's a pretty clean separation.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, let me start with the fact, it is a fact that the group trades in a fairly narrow range, so your observation is correct. But I do think that the facts are if you look at the specific companies, what you do see is that the global higher growth companies are trading in the upper teens, and many of the North American peers are tend to be trading in the lower teens, and so you do see a differentiation. But as we said, that is not the major motivation here. The big idea for us is to recognize that these are 2 very different portfolios that we believe can benefit with a focused mandate, and that will then drive resource allocation, capital allocation and ultimately, the metrics by which we would encourage investors to evaluate these 2 companies.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, first of all, of course, we do have board approval, or we would not have announced this today. So we have had a very significant review of this strategy over the course of many years with our board. And the factors by which the board made the decision are pretty much the factors that we're sharing with you today. The reality that as we have taken a number of steps over the last couple of years to restore the health of our brands around the world, to transform the portfolio in our developing markets and Immediate Consumption Channel, we are now ready to take this next step, and it's on that basis that we made the decision.
Irene Rosenfeld: But I would say that we certainly believe that the results that we have delivered to date and the significant opportunities that we believe can be created by separating these 2 businesses should create -- should merit a premium multiple from where we stand today.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, our Indian business continues to be on fire. In fact, it was up 46% in the quarter, so we feel terrific about that, and actually the key driver underneath that is Cadbury dairy milk, which grew over 60%, I think, in the first half. So we feel terrific about the progress within India. It's a critical growth market. It was one of the most -- one of the important aspects of the revenue synergies, as we described when we made the Cadbury acquisition. But we feel terrific about the overall performance of all of our developing markets. As I talked about each of our global categories, within each of those, we feel very good about the aggregate performance. But within each of those categories, the performance within developing markets is just standout, and most of it is really about investment in our core franchises. And that's really what's driving the growth and gives us great confidence, that going forward we will continue to see benefit.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think you can understand it was a very thorough review that predicated on how we believe these 2 businesses could operate differently under the separation scenario. And as we said, we believe that we can create great value for our shareholders as a consequence of having a much more focused mandate and the ability to allocate our resources and our capital much more effectively.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think, you can actually look at the market multiples and might be able to estimate that yourself.
Irene Rosenfeld: I start with the fact that we think this is an exciting opportunity for employees around the world. And a lot of what we're going to be doing in the coming weeks is helping our employees to understand the opportunity that is available to them as a consequence of creating these 2 great companies. But we have a lot of work to do in the coming months. But our most important focus is to ensure that we will remain one company until we spin. And so it is critically important that we keep our employees focused on delivering on our results in 2011 and then into 2012. But obviously, ensuring that they understand the rationale and they see the opportunities that are available to them as a consequence of the separation will be a key part of our communication strategy to them.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, obviously, we have a number of decisions to make in the coming months. But we've got an incredibly talented management team around the world, and they're the ones who got us to where we are today. And so we have a very rich bench from which to populate these 2 companies, and we will keep you posted as we move forward here.
David Brearton: Yes. Chris, it's Dave. I mean, about 80% of the pricing has actually hit the shelf, so not all of it is in there. Not all of it has been there for a while, so it could still be a consumer reaction against the elasticity. And that's why we said at one point that we remain a bit cautious on the vol/mix, but we're pretty confident that we've got really good levers, whether that's in the End-to-End Cost Management, on our overhead program to manage through that and deliver the EPS on the year. I think, the key metric that we're going to keep tracking is market shares. The elasticity has been in line with our expectation. But importantly, our market shares are holding up well. And I think that's kind of the key metric we're looking at on the top line. We'll obviously have to keep on top of it, but it's pretty much so far, so good, I would say.
David Brearton: Yes, it's -- we said high single digits last quarter. We're saying low teens this quarter, and the difference really is coffee and dairy prices, so yes, they've gone up in the last 3 months. We're putting pricing in place, so we're feeling pretty good about it. But the total impact on our input cost has gone up since the last time we talked.
David Brearton: Yes. We prefer not to comment on M&A generally. The spin we're proposing here is a tax-free spin and that's really what we're concentrating on for the next 12 months.
David Brearton: Yes. You're about right on the debt, and it has not come down from prior years, that's basically because we always have a back-half loaded cash flow. Our cash flow this year is actually pretty much in line with where it was last year, if you adjust for the pension contribution we did in the first quarter. So we'll see that debt come down in line with our deleveraging commitments in the back half. As it relates to the 2 companies, it's too early to speculate on exactly how much debt goes into each business. But I can confirm that both businesses will be investment grade, and both businesses will have access to CP markets, so we're going to make sure that the debt is balanced with a cash capability each of those companies bring.
David Brearton: Yes, I think you'll see more -- sort of I'd say, we'll continue to update you as we go through the end of this year. But I think the IRS ruling probably won't be until some time early next year. I think we'll probably close out the books on the current structure. We'll probably give guidance on the current structure next year. But we'll start to give you much better visibility in to what these 2 companies will look like as we go through the year next year. As we get more clarity whether it's on the financial splits or the capital structure, et cetera, we will clearly share that with you. I know there will be a lot of interest in that, but I think you should be thinking in those kind of broad time frame.
David Brearton: Yes. This is Dave. We clearly have board approval for the announcement of our intent to create the 2 companies. We will need to have separate approval once we have the IRS ruling and we have worked out all the details again, so it's kind of an approval of 2 steps.
David Brearton: Yes. I think we've obviously been through that and looked at it. We don't see huge synergies. I mean, both of these companies are enormous $32 billion and $16 billion each, and they still got a fair bit of procurement scale. They didn't share a lot of backroom, and that's why we were able to make this decision. It wasn't a huge amount of backroom, sharing beyond sort of finance systems type of things. But they had a different route to market, which is the biggest piece of the cost. So yes, there will be the synergies. We also think there'll be some operational benefits coming out of separating these 2 and having them focus on their specific routes to market and their specific business fundamentals. We think those benefits will actually offset with the synergies. So on balance, we're looking at this as a net positive. But yes, there clearly will be some of the synergies in some areas of the P&L.
David Brearton: I think it's a bit early to get into it, but I would say snacks growing at a higher pace, so you can assume it'll have a higher capital requirement in terms of CapEx expenditures, and grocery at a lower pace, will have lower CapEx expenditures, but we can't really get into details at this stage.
David Brearton: Well, I think, the U.S. snacks business this quarter was actually mostly a gum story. I mean, biscuits had a terrific quarter. It was up about 3%. Its top 5 brands were up about 6%. We've sort of gotten A&C investment back on track, and we've got some good innovation. So biscuits did well. Nuts was up about 6% with a nutrition platform. Candy was up about 9%. So the U.S. snacks business this quarter is really a gum story. And as Irene mentioned earlier, gum in the U.S. is down about double digits. We have some plans in place to get that back on track, and we expect a significant rebound in the back half. But that's really about the story this quarter. Ongoing, clearly, the idea that we can focus the U.S. snacks business on a DSD route to market, the impulse channel, the hot zone and leave the grocery business to be the center of the store machine, that is something that we would expect to have operational benefits going forward, but that's not in and of itself a reason to drive this bigger transaction. That is one of the benefits we would expect though.
Scott Mushkin: I mean, that seems to me as I did the quick math, I mean, it seems like you separate these guys apart, but that there was an inherent discount involved in the current valuation. But it seems like maybe that wasn't a massive or big part of your thought process, and I was actually a little surprised by that. I mean, I completely understand the business aspect, but there also seems to be a financial aspect that's pretty compelling as well.
Scott Mushkin: Okay. Then the second thing is -- and thanks for the clarification on the board stuff, I guess, I must have misread it a little bit, but I think I get it now. The second thing would be, I know last quarter, you gave us -- I think it was last quarter or the quarter before, some initial kind of things that we're going on in India and how Oreo was doing there. I was wondering if you could give us kind of a detailed update on something like that? And I'd love to have a follow-up on India and how some of the synergies -- these revenue synergies in particular are working and where we are maybe on the revenue synergies that you promised where we are there, that would be great.
Scott Mushkin: And I just wanted one clarification to the last question I had. When you went to the board to get the approval that you got, did you have to give them financial thoughts too as well what the discount was, or was that part of the process? Just so I'm clear on that. I mean, really maybe...
