Irene B. Rosenfeld: Thanks, Chris, and good afternoon. Let me summarize what you're about to hear by saying we're off to a terrific start in 2012. We delivered strong growth in the first 3 months in both the top and bottom lines. And we're on track to deliver top-tier results again for the full year. Let me highlight several reasons why I'm so confident.  Our brand building investments continue to win over consumers around the world despite tough economic conditions. Our sharpened focus on Power Brands, successful new product innovation and advertising investments have all continued to pay off. This has enabled us to implement the necessary pricing and still deliver positive volume/mix gains and solid market shares.  Of course, there were some puts and takes in the quarter. But our continued business momentum, both in an absolute sense and relative to competition, is undeniable. And we expect to maintain that momentum for the balance of the year as we prepare to separate our global snacks and North American grocery businesses.  Speaking of snacks, we continue to deliver broad-based growth around the world. Global Biscuits were up 8% on a constant currency basis, with Developing Markets growing in the high teens. China was up 40%, leading the way with Oreo growing by more than 60%. TUC and Club Social crackers also continued to post strong performance, up 12% across Developing Markets. Our Biscuit businesses in North America and Europe were also solid, with mid single-digit growth in each region. Again, Oreo was a major driver, while new platforms such as Belvita breakfast biscuits and chocobakery in Europe made significant contributions. Global Chocolate was up 10%. Developing Markets posted a double-digit increase, led by strong growth in Latin America. Brazil was up nearly 30%, driven by strong Easter shipments and leveraging marketing campaigns supporting Lacta's 100th anniversary.  Chocolate in Europe was up high single-digits, including a benefit from the Easter shift. In addition, new products, especially the success of our snacks, small bites platform and increased marketing support behind Cadbury Dairy Milk and Milka drove solid underlying growth. Our sole disappointment remains Gum & Candy, which was up only 1%. Frankly, it's taken us longer to change Gum's trajectory than we had anticipated, largely due to the sluggishness of the macro-environment. In particular, Europe, especially Southern Europe, was a significant factor tempering our Global Gum & Candy growth. Unfortunately, this will likely continue until the European economic environment recovers in key gum markets. Fortunately, despite the market softness, we're seeing some encouraging growth elsewhere in the world. For instance, in the U.S., our retail sales were up slightly in the first quarter. This was driven by new packaging formats, including $0.50 and value packs, as well as strength in Dentyne. And as promised, we'll be launching an exciting gum innovation in the second half, supported by a very creative marketing plan.  In markets such as Brazil and Japan, our brand strength has enabled us to gain share, and we're seeing signs of improvement in key countries. We're up nearly 20% in Turkey, we grew by almost 30% in Russia and by more than 35% in Argentina. We remain confident that gum will be a significant contributor to our long-term growth and that we will see improvement in the second half of the year. Turning to our North American grocery business, Tony Vernon and the team delivered another solid quarter of growth. Innovation and focus on key brands continues to pay off. For example, MiO just celebrated its first birthday, and continues to grow rapidly with the introduction of 2 new energy SKUs, black cherry and green thunder. MiO is already the #2 brand in the energy shot category.  Velveeta skillets has proven to be 90% incremental to our mac & cheese business. And well-established brands like Philadelphia and Miracle Whip each grew double-digits.  On the cost front, our renewed pricing power has allowed us to offset historically high input costs. This includes providing significant value to consumers by offering good, better and best options at different price points in key categories. And finally, the grocery business continues to benefit from End-to-End Cost Management, including negative overhead growth. This provides the fuel to reinvest in brand support.  Let me now turn it over to Dave to provide more detail on our first quarter results.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dave. As we look ahead, we're making significant progress as we prepare to launch 2 industry-leading companies. Here's a quick update. We filed applications with tax authorities in January, and we expect rulings around midyear. We filed the initial Form 10 Registration Statement for the North American grocery business on April 2. Within the next few weeks, we expect to file an amended Form 10, including updated financials reflecting our Q1 results.  We're making good progress on IT infrastructure and our plans to migrate $10 billion of debt to the North American grocery company. We're continuing to build out the teams for each new company. And as we approach the launch date later this year, we'll host investor events for each company. So to summarize, we delivered a terrific first quarter, and our business momentum remains strong. We're firmly on track to create 2 industry-leading public companies, and we're confident that we'll deliver top-tier results for the full year.  With that, let me open it up for your questions.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, it's too early for us to talk about that. Obviously, that will be part of our conversation as we head into the roadshow. But I think just the math is that we are -- we have about a 51% payout ratio today. What we said is that our dividend will be the same in as the total for KFT and that our grocery business will provide a competitive dividend and our snacking business a modest dividend. And so you can expect that the payout ratios will be higher for the grocery company and somewhat lower than today's average for the global snacks company. But we'll give more of that detail as we head into our roadshow.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, I think what you'll see is underneath the aggregate numbers clearly our Power Brands around the world grew at an 11% rate versus our aggregate revenue up 6.5%. So they are growing disproportionately fast, and we are disproportionately focusing our resources there. But clearly, all of our businesses are contributing, which is enabling us to deliver the 6.5% growth. So a simple answer to your question is, yes, we're learning a lot as we take some of the lessons from one part of the world to another from one category to another. And that's what's enabling us to get the whole portfolio to perform at an above average level.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well first of all, I have to tell you, we're feeling quite good that our category growth rates and our volumes had held up as well as they have. We certainly feel quite good about our market share performance around the world. The number you're quoting was a North American number, and we certainly are seeing improved progress there as we see pricing in a number of the categories. As you know, Andrew, we led pricing in a number of our core categories and as other of our competitors deal with the same input costs that we are, we're starting to see those gaps close. So net-net, we're seeing some -- continuing to see some dislocation in a couple of categories, but we feel quite good in aggregate. As we said, our market share performance has been exceptionally strong in Europe with over 2/3 growing in Developing Markets and North America. It's more in the 40% range. But we're seeing a very healthy recovery. And I think you have a good sense of that as you look at the vol/mix contribution underneath the revenue growth.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No. I would tell you part of the virtuous cycle is the opportunity for us to have strong enough brands that enable us to price together with our productivity, so we cover our costs. And then that basically, together with the focus that we've got on cost management and overheads, provides us with the money that we need to invest. So we see this as a sort of a closed loop and in fact, that's what will allow us to continue to invest in these businesses and fuel their growth.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yes, I would say that in general, we are gaining share in our core categories around the world, and it's a bit of a funny number to calculate with the euro monitor data, et cetera. But we feel quite comfortable that we are outperforming our competition in our key markets.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I have to say, Jon. I think the industry, obviously, we all remember 2010 period and, I think the industry learned a very important lesson at that time in terms of the impact of deep discounting on category growth. The reality is we are the category in many of our important segments. In fact, products like mac & cheese, we share it off of a smaller category than the larger segment in which we compete. So our focus -- a lot of the spending is designed to drive the overall category. And there will be some share impact as a result. Long term, we are committed to growing our shares around the world. We believe that the model that we've got in place will enable us to do that. In the short term, particularly in North America, given the fact that we price quite aggressively and quite early relative to competition, we did see some dislocation. And that's what you're reflecting -- what you're seeing reflected in our shares at this point. But we are committed to getting that share back. We believe that the combination of continued investment in our brand equities, the strong innovation pipeline that we've laid out is what will be necessary to get that back and not be discounting.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Jon, the bigger impact you're going to see on the revenue as we think about the first half is really caused by the Easter shift, as well as the acceleration of our pruning efforts that will play through in the second half. And that's the difference between our aggregate guidance for the full year and what you might have seen in the first quarter. But it's not reflecting big price discounts.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Generally, I'd say yes, Bryan, with the -- certainly, we felt good about our growth in Central and Eastern Europe and we were glad to see Russia recovering somewhat. Ukraine was down, and so we're still seeing some category impacts from the economy there. But in general, we felt pretty good about what we're seeing in Central and Eastern Europe. We had very strong performances, as Dave said, in Russia, in Poland, and those are the major countries in that region for us.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well actually, David, we feel very good about the quarter. We think we demonstrated very solid growth in a very difficult environment. The portfolio in aggregate continues to perform quite well. We feel good that we've got a virtuous cycle even around the world, especially in North America. We've been very pleased with our ability to price, to recover the significant spike in input cost. And the response that we've got in the pricing elasticities have been in line, if not slightly better than what we had expected. We feel good about the OI performance. The growth in North America, as we told you, were up 3%, which is closer to 5% with Starbucks. And margins were up despite this aggressive pricing as the cost savings have come through. So net-net, we feel really quite good about the aggregate portfolio in North America. And probably the big drag among the portfolio is our beverage business and we expect that to recover as the year progresses. But the fact is despite a challenging performance in beverages for a variety of reasons, the aggregate portfolio performed quite well, and I would suggest, quite well relative to peers.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, I have to tell you, without a doubt, our categories are softer than they had been as a result of the macro-environment. But we feel quite good about our ability to perform within the environment in the first quarter. We had strong revenue growth, as you saw. It was a nice balance of pricing and volume/mix. We made good progress on our margins, and we're well staged to continue to deliver that as we look for the balance of the year. We're continuing to invest in our key brands. We've got very strong Power Brand growth, over 11% on top of the aggregate 7% revenue that we delivered. And we've had -- we'll continue to see upsides coming from the LU and the Cadbury synergies. So the environment is tough. We're certainly seeing that in our categories, but we've been able to weather the storm quite well.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, it's of course across the board. Without a doubt, Southern Europe is the worst. But even there, our revenue was up. So as I said, we worked very hard to make sure that we've got the right investments in the right countries behind the right brands. And it seems to be serving us quite well.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Sure. I'd tell you mechanically, the switch went with no significant issues. I give enormous credit to Mike Hsu and Tom Corley and Don Quigley who are leading these efforts. And so far, so good. It's obviously too early to declare victory. We did cutover, as you said, on April 1. And so far, so good. We've got very good continuity and stability at the top levels of the team. But the key as we move forward here is to make sure that we're tied in properly with our categories and that we get the execution that we need. But so far, so good.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: First of all, you are right in saying that our Tassimo business in the U.S. was up only modestly. As you heard from Dave, it was up quite significantly in Canada, and we continue to feel quite good about its performance around the world. We do believe that on-demand is a clear consumer trend. It's an important part of our portfolio, and Tassimo is our leading brand. Obviously, as we have done with the soft pod platform in Europe, we're going to continue to look at strategic ways of growing our coffee brands.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Let me just give you a perspective on that, Eric. The reality is that the Easter benefit was certainly a positive. It was more than offset, though, by the combination of the pruning we had in North America, as well as the ready-to-drink T load that Dave talked about. If you exclude those 2 impacts, the entire vol/mix decline that you see came from 2 businesses: cheese and nuts, both of which had very strong double-digit pricing. And so we're really feeling quite good about the recovery that we see in the rest of the business. Going forward as we've said, the pruning impact will accelerate because we've suggested it will be about 2 points on North America, 1 point on total Kraft for the full year. But the vol/mix will improve in the second half as we start to lap last year's pricing. So net-net, we feel quite good about the aggregate vol/mix performance in North America and elsewhere in the world.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well first of all, our approach is not cost-driven as Tony has told you before. There will be some cost savings but the main reason for us making the move on our warehouse businesses is we believe it will give us greater reach, greater access to some new technology and a better ability to flex resources based on business conditions. And so we see some tremendous effectiveness opportunities that will come from that separation on the warehouse side. And I've got -- said before, on the DSD side, the opportunity to focus that organization on what they do best, we believe will be a benefit as well. So our sales strategy is all about the opportunity to maximize sales support behind these center of the store grocery categories, and we believe that we can do that best with the approach that we're taking. It is a combination of Acosta and our headquarters folks, and we believe that, that's going to be a very cold powerful combination.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, as I'm sure you're aware, we'd -- Starbucks publicly disclosed some information yesterday. We intend to abide by the confidentiality provisions of the process. But what I can tell you is they publicly stated that they're seeking some damages plus attorneys fees and that our expert valued the agreement at $1.9 billion, and then applied the terms of the contract, which calls for a 35% premium and 9% interest, which would -- is causing us to claim damages of $2.9 billion plus attorneys fees. These are amounts we believe were confidential, but following their public disclosure in their 10-K, they're obviously out there. There was a hearing -- the arbitration hearing, as we've told you, is scheduled for mid-July, and we intend to let the arbitration process run its course. We remain quite confident in the merits of our case, and we will post you as we have anything material to report.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: That's exactly why I'm not going to give you that, now or then. But we feel great about how the revenue synergies are coming in. Without a doubt, a lot of the growth that you're seeing and the disproportionate growth that you are seeing in our developing markets is coming from spinning the 2 organizations together. And I've given you some very specific examples of what happens in Brazil as we brought the legacy Kraft products through the Cadbury distribution system, as we -- in India, as we are starting to sell products like Oreo and Tang through the Cadbury chocolate infrastructure. What we're doing in Mexico is we now have expanded our points of distribution. So in each of our key markets -- in markets like Russia, we actually are putting the legacy Kraft products through the Cadbury system in immediate consumption and vice versa in the supermarket channel. So we feel very good that we are on track for our $1-billion target. About 2/3 of that is right -- as you rightly point out, is going to come from developing markets. And we expect to see about 50 to 100 basis points of our 2012 growth come from these revenue synergies. And I can assure you that -- again, if you take the virtuous cycle as the model that we are using to operate, I can assure you that these are very attractive margin opportunities that we're pursuing.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well I mean again if you step back, they're coming from -- about half of them are coming from route to market. The balance is coming from brand extensions, taking ideas like bite-sized snacks from one market to the other, taking products like Choclairs, which is growing at a 30%, 40% rate in China and bringing it to new markets like South Africa. So you're going to continue to see us expand our plat -- leverage our routes to market, continuing to put additional products through the expanded routes. We're going to benefit from the opportunity to leverage global platforms in more countries around the world, as well as the opportunity to leverage white space opportunities. And that's where the $1 billion will come from.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No, actually it's building. So we feel quite comfortable that we've gotten a lot of the early low-hanging fruit that we got last year. We're just benefiting now. We now have combined organizations in just about every key country in the world. We're now beginning to train those organizations, leverage those organizations. In markets like Russia, for example, our sales force just came together in the last 0.5 year or so. So we have many -- we see tremendous benefits out in front of us that again is what gives us a great confidence about the $1 billion of revenue synergies that we see out there.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: We're certainly seeing growth in the convenience channel, and so we're seeing some recovery there. But we certainly -- we do believe that, that is one of the factors that's dampening category growth in our gum business. So it certainly hasn't come back all the way yet.
David A. Brearton: Yes. I think I don't want to give any guidance on currency because I'll be wrong for sure, and that's why we prefer to talk constant currency. Obviously the impact this quarter was pretty small. I mean it was actually slightly unfavorable in OI and slightly favorable on EPS. But the numbers were pretty small. So I think it will move around with the currencies and frankly, to give you a simple formula would be kind of tough. But I don't see it today as being huge. I think it will continue to be either a headwind or a tailwind depending on how the markets go. But right now, we don't see it as being huge.
David A. Brearton: And if you look at our A&C, we said was up double digits. So that's part of the investment. Our overheads are not up completely in line with revenue, but that's largely because of discipline on the G&A line and some synergies. Sales is actually up. So we are investing in A&C. We're investing in sales, and we still delivered a very healthy OI increase in the quarter. And I think it's -- the numbers kind of hold together and sort of prove out the virtuous cycle.
David A. Brearton: No, it's not a significant difference in contribution margin. You are right, the chocolate has more impact. The chocolate and coffee in Europe are kind of the 2 big ones that are impacted by the Easter shift. But there's not a significant difference in the contribution margin on those 2 versus the rest of the portfolio. So no, there's not a big mix benefit. But it's legitimate bottom line growth driven by 7% top line growth.
David A. Brearton: Yes. I think overall, it's -- the cost declines are pretty mixed. I mean yes, they are down in some areas, clearly coffee, cocoa, grains and some of the vegetable oils are down. Other things like actual heating oil and diesel and transportation and packaging are actually up, nuts is up quite a bit. So there's a blend. On balance, as you sit here today, yes, it is kind of down. We may have to take some adjustments in some categories but I don't think you're ever going to see this year a negative year-over-year pricing trend. I think the increases last year were just simply too big, whereas ever to sort of end up in a negative year-over-year trend. So no, I would not be concerned about that.
David A. Brearton: Yes. I think you're looking at the P&L, and the gross margin was down on the P&L. There are a couple of things. Number one, you've got some of the integration costs and restructuring costs going through the cost line there, so that's an impact. But even after that, our gross margin is down about 1 percentage point on a percentage basis. I think we're looking at it very much on a -- I'll start with the dollars, and we'll get to the percents later because we have covered $550 million worth of raw material cost with pricing. The productivity helped us grow gross margin dollars. But with that significant step-up in revenue, the percentage number ends up declining because of the increase in the denominator. But it's kind of a mathematical thing. Over time, we would expect to get our percentage margins back as the commodity cost curve kind of flattens out going forward. We don't expect to see this level of pricing going forward, and that will allow us to catch up on the percentage margins. But I think the important message for you is we're covering gross margin dollars, and we're going to make sure we do that going forward.
David A. Brearton: Yes, when the denominator stabilizes effectively, when costs continue to run up at kind of double digits like they did in this quarter, it's just -- the percentage margin is a little bit misleading. But we're covering the costs.
David A. Brearton: In this quarter. We expected it. We gave you full year guidance that it would be in the low to mid single-digit increase this year. That's still the number. But it's going to be higher in the first half and lower in the second half as we kind of cycle through the cost increases we saw last year.
David A. Brearton: Yes. I think we're actually fairly stable. I think if you go back to the third quarter is really the answer. Third quarter last year, you may recall, we were up 15%. And we said at the time that some of that was being pulled in from the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter was up about 7%. So between the 2, about 11%. And we're up 11.5% this quarter. So we view it as actually a continuation of a pretty solid double-digit trend. I know there was a shift between Q3 and Q4 last year.
David A. Brearton: The actual line was the asset impairment and exit costs. Well there's 2 pieces to that. One is $20 million, the impairment that we've talked about in Japan. And the $78 million is basically restructuring costs that tie in to the program we announced in February.
David A. Brearton: We've never quantified that. And I think we're looking at the restructuring program as really the basis upon which we launched the 2 companies. So there will be cost savings, but they will be part of the guidance that each company provides when we get closer to the actual spin date.
David A. Brearton: Actually, it'd be kind of tough to split it. Because the way we actually went about this is we said, "What do we need to run both companies?" And we clean sheeted the organization for the 2 companies. We then compared that to today's organization and today's folks and sort of pushed them into both boxes, and the restructuring was more the follow, frankly. But to be able to then go back and reverse engineer it and say how much of that restructuring saving would be in one company or the other, I think would be kind of an arbitrary exercise. So we're looking at this as one program that launches the 2 companies. I don't think it would be very helpful to give you a sort of a split of the 2. Again, the guidance we give you when we come out for the roadshows will include the savings from this. And I think you'll have a better sense of that as we go forward.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I wouldn't go into negative volumes. I think what we would say, first half in aggregate will be strong. And clearly, first quarter will be stronger than second quarter for exactly the 2 factors that you've indicated. So I think you can take that as a key assumption.
David A. Brearton: Yes. I think we're going to avoid giving guidance for GroceryCo until we get to the roadshow. But for KFNA in total, the Lean Six Sigma is a key driver, the procurement, we talked about our saver program in the past, overhead discipline will continue to be an important driver. And so we feel pretty good about the, what I'd call, the KFNA margin trajectory as it relates to GroceryCo specifically. And what margins you can expect over time, I think I got to wait for the roadshow for that.
David A. Brearton: I won't give you specifics but you can kind of tell. I mean the rate for Kraft today I'd say is going to be in the high 20s, where we are today. So first quarter was 28.5%. And we said we'll be in that high 20s, low 30s kind of range. So that's the combined rate. As you tear that apart, U.S. has a statutory tax rate of 35%. So GroceryCo is going to be higher than that clearly. Virtually every other country in the world has a lower tax rate than the U.S. So they're going to be lower than that. So I think the aggregate is in that sort of high 20s, low 30s. The U.S. has got to be 35-plus and the rest of the world is going to be lower, just reflecting the lower statutory tax rates elsewhere. But that's kind of broad -- the real specifics about where it comes out will really depend on a lot of the tax planning work and everything else we're working through right now. So again, I think you'll have to wait for the roadshow to get anything.
David A. Brearton: Yes, about 3/4 of it was Easter, so you can expect some of that to reverse out. But despite all the pricing, it was still up on vol/mix on a base level. So they had a pretty good quarter.
