Irene B. Rosenfeld: Thanks, Brian. So, to wrap up, we're off to a solid start and expect to build momentum in the back half of the year, as we benefit from white spaces, launch exciting on-trend innovations, and leverage our U.S. DSD network. We remain confident in our ability to deliver our significant margin commitments this year, and are on track to reach our adjusted OI margin target of 17% to 18% in 2018. We'll continue to make disciplined investments to drive balanced growth on both the top and bottom lines. And we remain committed to compelling capital returns to our shareholders through both dividends and share repurchases. With that, let's open up the line for your questions.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah, Ken, I'd say they're generally aligned. The biggest impact, of course, is the Easter timing, and so there's a lot of noise because of that shift. We shipped – as Brian mentioned, we shipped much of our Easter volume in Q1, but we'll get the consumption coming when the holiday happened in Q2. If you were to adjust for Easter and non-measured channels, which is a smaller impact, like-for-like category growth would actually be about 1% and our snacks revenue was up about 0.8%, so there's actually pretty close correspondence there. As we said, from a pacing standpoint, the first half is going to come in essentially where we expected it. We're going to see some shift from first quarter to – from second quarter into first quarter, so first quarter a little higher, second quarter a little lower. The first half will come in essentially where we thought. The second half will be a little bit higher driven by some of the phenomena that I mentioned, the white spaces, the strong innovation pipeline, and our investment in flexing our DSD muscle. So net-net, there's no change to our full year forecast, but there's really no impact in this first quarter. The biggest impact is the Easter timing.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: It's a little early, Andrew. I'd say they're spending pretty heavily on their way out right this minute. So I would say right now is probably not a great example. And thankfully the big impact will be in the back half of the year when they've exited. So it's a little too early to tell, but we are certainly doing everything we can to make sure that our guys are staged with support that they need and the focus that they need to get to drive our share.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No, we certainly anticipated this shift over – we've watched this shift over the last couple of years, Bryan, so we actually have someone in our North American organization who is in charge of channels and his focus for us is on the growth opportunities, particularly in our case, it's primarily about club and C stores. And then – and we have a separate organization, actually, that is driving eCommerce. So we are resourced to address it. Frankly, the hold up for us was the packaging capability to address these channels. And that's why I'm so pleased with the progress that we've made as we've got these lines of the future up and running because that's the flexibility that we need to be able to go from big pack sizes to small pack sizes. But a critical piece of our growth plan is our ability to be able to improve our share in some of the less traditional channels that have been historically our bread and butter.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah, we're not seeing that as a macro issue. There's no question. We've actually found that the penetration of private label, even in our biscuit segments, has not changed dramatically over the last little while. So that hasn't been a factor. We think the bigger issue, without a doubt, has been the shift toward well-being, and that's been a key piece of our focus on renovating our base brands like Triscuit or introducing products like GOOD THiNS as well as launch – the launch of a product like Véa, which is a new whole-grain product that we will be introducing in July. So that's been more of a factor for us. And I think a lot of the steps that we're taking, particularly with the innovation pipeline I described, are designed to address that opportunity.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah, I would say both Brazil and year-over-year China would have been the other one, but we are very pleased with the performance of our emerging markets and we continue to believe that as the macros in those markets recover, we will see our category recover in a corresponding fashion.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah, first of all, I'm very, very pleased with many of the things that the North American team has done and these are tough times. So as we said, there are many things going the right way. But we have a very unique set of advantages in that market. It starts with our DSD selling organization, but we have incredible iconic brands and we have very significant marketing support. And with all of that, I would expect us to be able to outgrow the category. So part of the challenge in North America has been that the category has been under some pressure. We own that category, and we need to figure out how to drive that category more aggressively. So I would say that's the biggest issue in North America is our biscuit business. I do think that the work that Tim Cofer and the North American leadership team are focused on in the near-term is exactly the right work, which is just blocking and tackling in terms of sales and marketing execution, making sure that we can capture the DSD opportunity, and making sure that we land that pipeline and then as well as the channel, extending the channel presence that we talked about. So they're focused on the right things. We just – I'd like to see them happen faster because we have been – had been outgrowing the category for quite some time and it's been a while since that's been the case. And so that's what I'm looking to happen and I think we've got the assets to enable that.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: It's both of those things, David. I mean, it starts with the fact that there will be some shelf space that will be vacated. One of the benefits of a DSD organization is that there's a broader assortment of inventory that is typically carried and the opportunity now for us to get in some of our secondary brands, many of which actually have better velocity than some of the brands that were on the shelf is priority one, but there's also, because of the expandable consumption of biscuits, the opportunity for us to get more product out on the floor is the other big opportunity. So, it's actually the focus will be on both of those things.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: We continue to see aggressive discounting in a number of places and those are the two biggest. The good news is we are seeing – in the UK, in particular, we are starting to see our shares recover. And as I've said a number of times, the biggest opportunity is to redeploy some of that investment to more category building spending. And what we're finding is in cases where there's heavy promotional spending, it just simply does not grow the category. So, we are still seeing here in the U.S. some aggressive promotional spending, and still seeing it to some extent in the UK, but I am hopeful that as we continue to come with strong innovation and a strong selling story that we can get the focus back on brand equity as well as putting products on the shelf that have strong velocities.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, Brexit is not over yet, so I would say everyone is still waiting to figure out what the actual rules will be and there's no question it will put some pressure on both the manufacturers and the retailers and, I think, that's a piece of the uncertainty there. Here in the U.S., I think it is – it continues to be a challenging promotional environment, but I think we've been able to weather the storm reasonably well. I mean, as I mentioned, our share – our biscuit share has been flat, the challenges is that that's not good enough. We think we can do much better than that.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, I would still say we feel very comfortable with the guidance that we've given. And the reality is there are many moving pieces as we've shared with you today. So, we should pick up share in the back half, as I've said, here in the U.S., but there are some offsets to that and so we've got – there'll be some puts and takes. We still feel very comfortable with our top line guidance of at least 1%, and importantly, our bottom line margin guidance. And in this environment, we think that's the most prudent planning step.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: We also think we can address underserved occasions like gifting, for example, with many of our biscuit and chocolate items that, for example, in the eCommerce channel that actually don't necessarily, will not necessarily even appear in retail. So our commitment, as we talk about the $1 billion business that we are targeting by 2020, our expectation is that that will have margins that are as good, if not better, than our regular – than the rest of our portfolio.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, it's more of a top line comment, Ken, and it's specifically North America's year-over-year compares are challenging. It doesn't quite look that way because even in 2015, there were some unusuals that made 2015 good too. So, as we look like-for-like versus 2016, it's a little bit of a tougher compare and North America will be a drag for us in the second quarter.
Brian T. Gladden: And given the timing, Andrew, it could be one of the issues we face in Q2 as they exit. More aggressive behavior in Q2 that we might see play out.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, look, I don't want to get into that calling individual quarters on something like gross margin. I think the underlying dynamics for what we're driving here feel pretty good. Net productivity execution continues to be very good. We delivered what we expected in the quarter. We are making some investments in, as you would expect, some product renovations and some of the quality initiatives we have that are affecting productivity, but it was still very good even on a net productivity as reported. We had higher pricing, as you would see in the P&L, but most of that's driven by places like Argentina, Nigeria, Egypt, some of those highly inflationary markets. There are some places in Europe, where we've made some pricing investments as you look at the annual retailer negotiations and how they've played out, and I think those were good decisions based on the trend we see in Europe right now. So, I mean, there's some moving pieces as well with mix, so if you think about markets like the U.S. and the UK and the global gum business, I'd put China in there as well, those tend to be higher-margin markets, and those have been some of the markets that have struggled a little bit in terms of top line. So those are the moving pieces. I think the trajectory over a longer period of time, we continue to see gross margins expand as we move over the next year, but it's hard to call some of those individual dynamics. We'll continue to execute on the productivity, I know that. We've got pricing that's still moving through in those highly inflationary markets. But again, we're focused on the OI margin commitment and the 90 basis points feels pretty good. So, we're kind of controlling what we can control in a pretty volatile market.
Brian T. Gladden: Well, it's clearly a focus for us, and as you think about the investments we've made with lines of the future, that was one of the key elements, key assets that we put in place was much more flexibility there. I think it's – that element of mix is clearly one that's been moving in the right direction as we've done quite a bit of work there. I think it will accelerate, but, again, it's within this context of other moving pieces within gross margin. We do think it's a real asset. It's a real incremental capability that we haven't necessarily had, and allows us to manage through moving up margins where we can but not having to price on its face with customers. So I think it's a real asset, and not really going to call out what the impact in gross margins is. I think it'll be increasing as we get those capabilities up and running everywhere.
Brian T. Gladden: I think it's – you've seen us continue to make progress really quarter after quarter here. It is still a focus and a big area of priority. We've shown you some of the progress we've made within some of the ZZB activities, and I think for the most part, the majority of those cost packages are either in top quartile or second quartile performance, and we feel pretty good about that. Shared services, we're, I would say, a little bit more than 75% of the way through the implementations that we have in front of us, and there'll be some additional benefits that play out during 2017. But we feel very good about where overheads are. And, again, it's a little bit of a mixed bag, because we are making some investments in route-to-market and some other parts of business, so that's one we have, probably, the highest confidence in the whole P&L.
Brian T. Gladden: We did. In CAGNY, we shared a framework that said about 4.5% of net revenue this year, and we showed that the trend will actually move down below – under or about 4% as we get to 2018. So we're on that trend down as we've kind of worked our way through some of the bigger investments related to lines of the future. So, 4.5% for this year is the current call on that one.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, look, I think we're executing the program. We talked a bit about our investment in some resources and data, and we are finding opportunities where we're improving returns on promotional spending. And I think that's been on track. Now, the reality is, we've had to spend some of that back, and we've seen the benefits. We can find that in the P&L, but then we're also seeing areas where it's important that we spend some additional trade back. And that's sort of the dynamic that we've got playing out. So we're continuing to try and educate customers with the data analytics that suggest that heavy promotional spending just doesn't really work to grow categories. And I think that's a real market by market sort of dynamic, but again, we're executing the net revenue management activities pretty well. We're finding benefits and opportunities there. But we're consciously spending some of that back. And as a result, it's not as big a benefit showing up in the P&L.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, I mean, I'm not going to get into individual quarters. I would just say I think with the 6% in Q1, I mean, we feel good about as you look at the compares through the rest of the year, we would expect to see some improvement as we move through the year, obviously the better back half with revenue picking up and the innovations that'll drive that and the things that we have confidence in will contribute to that. And we'll continue to execute on costs. So you would expect to see EPS continue to improve as you move through the year. That should be the general framework. And then you have to look at the compares from prior year.
Brian T. Gladden: And China was really a – Chinese New Year timing is a fair driver there. If you look at Q4, organic growth from emerging, it was 1.5% and it moved to 3.5%. I mean, the biggest driver there is demonetization in India which was much, much smaller impact this quarter.
Brian T. Gladden: You got it, Alexia. So stranded costs, I mean, there's obviously – there's two pieces to each of these, which is what are the stranded costs locally that are controllable by the business that are actionable; and then there's the unallocated sort of corporate. And you'll see us, over the course of the second half of the year, really aggressively deal with the local costs that surround these businesses. I'm not going to provide a quantification of the stranded costs or dilution impact of these two transactions. We'll give you clarity on that at the end of the second quarter as we close them. One of them has already closed, and the other will close towards the end of the quarter. So we'll give you more clarity, I think, when we get there. But we have good line of sight to make those stranded costs go away. Just, as you know, it takes a little bit of time and some of that will likely be into the first part of next year. On commodities, I would just say a couple of things. One, as you think about cocoa, yes, I mean, clearly there has been a fairly significant move in cocoa prices. You have to recognize, I think, that the hedge window for cocoa is longer than, I think, you would expect, and that's really driven by, really our pricing, our ability and the frequency at which we can go after pricing in some of the key markets there. And in some cases, you have annual renegotiations and you want to create certainty in terms of margins in those relationships, so you're going to go out and hedge a little bit further. So, we are hedged longer than, I think, you would expect and therefore don't necessarily have access to the current pricing in this market at this time. The other thing I would note is that dairy for us is almost as big a buy. And, as you look at what's going on today with dairy, dairy prices are up. We have much less ability, there's much less liquidity in that market to do hedging, so we are absorbing some of the pain associated with dairy. And again, it's not nearly as hedged. So those are the dynamics that are playing out. In the short-term, we are seeing some input cost pressure. It's not huge. It's relatively small when you put all of those things together. And then cocoa, again, it'll be a little bit outside the window of the next few quarters that we start getting some of the benefit of lower cocoa prices.
