Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Chris. Good afternoon. I'm very pleased that we got off to a strong start in 2011. On the top line, organic revenues grew more than 4.5% despite the Easter shift into the second quarter. And on the bottom line, our operating EPS increased more than 6% despite a number of headwinds. These included the continuing rise in commodity cost, the Easter shift and the additional interest in higher share count from financing the Cadbury deal. These headline numbers are very encouraging, and as we look to the balance of the year, there are 3 reasons that give me great confidence that we're on track to deliver top tier results. First, it's clear that our continuing investments in marketing and innovation are delivering good returns. Around the world, higher levels of brand support are enabling us to take pricing to offset rising input costs. In the face of these price increases, I'm especially pleased that our strong brand equities have enabled us to maintain solid market shares.  Second, the end-to-end cost management initiatives that Dave Brearton laid out at CAGNY are driving significant improvements in productivity and overheads. Underlying operating income margin rose by 60 basis points, reaching 13.9%. Margins improved despite the fact that our commodity costs were up about 7% to 8% over last year. In addition, we increased our investments in advertising and consumer support by more than 14% on a like-for-like basis.  Third, we're seeing early benefits from executing as 1 company, following last year's Cadbury acquisition. This is most pronounced in our Developing Markets. Sanjay Khosla put it well when we reviewed his first quarter results last week. He said, "We saw the power of the $50 billion gorilla at work." Indeed, we saw it play out in our ability to deliver our results in the wake of the tragedy in Japan. Despite numerous obstacles, we leveraged our diverse supply chain to get our products to market. As a result, our sales in Japan were up 11% in the first quarter. And in India, our recent launch of Oreo provides a great example of what we can now accomplish by leveraging our extensive sales footprint. In March, we launched the world's favorite cookie through our chocolate sales network, and I can tell you Oreo is off to a very good start. In less than a month, we've reached more than 300,000 sales outlets across the country. In fact, Oreo's performance is on fire across our entire Developing Markets region. In the first quarter, sales of Oreo were up 56% versus prior year. This year, we expect Oreo to be a $700 million business in Developing Markets alone. That's up from about $175 million in 2006, more than a threefold increase.  Now let me turn it over to Tim to provide more detail on our first quarter results.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dave. Our strong start this year demonstrates the power of the virtuous cycle we've created around the world. This is due in no small part to the work that Tim has done over the past 3 ½ years. Tim has been a terrific partner since joining Kraft Foods in 2007, and I want to thank him for all he did to help me lead our organization through great change. We went from an operating division of Altria to a standalone public company, and now a leader in the food and beverage sector. Tim was also instrumental in several important transactions that have transformed our portfolio, especially the acquisition of Cadbury. We will certainly miss Tim's perspective and commitment, but we're fortunate to have an experienced and knowledgeable leader like Dave, ready to step in and seamlessly assume the role. I'm quite confident that we won't miss a beat on our path to sustainable top-tier growth.  Now we'd be happy to take your questions.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, David, there's no question that Cadbury has transformed the business as we hoped it would in terms of our portfolio, our distribution capabilities and the geographic footprint. And it's certainly playing out in our results. We also feel very good about overall how the business is performing. As you are aware, it's exceeding our financial expectations. It's going to be EPS accretive this year, and our cash flow more than doubled last year, and we see further opportunities. So in aggregate, we feel quite good about it. And certainly, the Chocolate business in general is performing quite well. We had some short-term impact in the first quarter as we discussed due to the Easter effect, but we feel quite good about our Chocolate business. And especially in some of our Developing Markets, we saw our Cadbury Dairy Milk grow almost 20% versus historical growth of in the range of 7%. We feel quite good overall about Chocolate.  Gum continues to be a challenge. It is very much an attractive category. We feel very confident that it has good long-term growth prospects. But we are seeing 2 very specific problems in the short-term. Certainly, the category is not as robust as it has been historically. In large measure, as we discussed, we believe that's due to macroeconomic conditions. And the other piece is that our U.S. business is not performing as well as we'd like. Both of the key competitors in the category have been investing to stimulate category growth. I think we're beginning to see macroeconomic recovery in a number of markets around the world, and I feel the category will come back over time. In the U.S., though, our challenge is really that our first half innovations have not lived up to our expectations. We launched Trident Vitality. It's been a solid single, but Trident Layers last year was a homerun. So it's a little bit below our expectations, but it's up against a tough comp. That's it. We're on the case, and I'm quite confident that we will see recovery in the back half of the year. I'd also say that elsewhere in the world, we're seeing some very strong growth in the Gum category. Markets like Russia, Turkey, South Africa, all up solidly over 30%. Japan, up 20%. So net-net, the overall business is doing well. Chocolate is on track; Gum continues to be a bit of a challenge particularly in the U.S., but I'm quite confidence confident that it will recover as the year progress.
Irene Rosenfeld: If I can take those one at a time, our guidance does not include any proceeds from the arbitration. We feel quite confident in our position. We built a very solid business together, and we do expect to be compensated for that. But exactly what time and what the magnitude would be is uncertain at this point so we did not factor that in. With respect to Tassimo, we continue to see very strong performance particularly in our international markets. It's up about over 30%, about 35% globally. And North America business is up over 50%. It is true that we cut back on our mass market support of Tassimo simply because we discovered that it made more sense to target this offering to people that were coffee lovers. And so we continue to support the brand quite actively, and we feel very good about its performance in North America. In Canada, we're doubling the size of the business. We've got a strong #1 share in the U.S. The business, as I said, continues to grow.  And in fact even our business, ex the Starbucks tick, was up a healthy over 20%. So we feel good about the performance of Tassimo, and we are continuing to support it. With respect to Gevalia, we've given it a nice launch. It's a very important part of our premium strategy, which we shared with you. And it's a strong business. It's a very good coffee. It's a leading brand in Europe, and what you might you may not realize is it's actually already over $200 million business in the U.S. that consumers already know, and we've got some very good brand awareness to be tapping into. So I feel very good about the launch of Gevalia. We've got a very robust plan to introduce it, and that's part of the investment in Coffee that Dave alluded to, the $0.05 to $0.07 that we talked about. And we're quite confident that we've got a very robust pipeline in our European business that we will be able to bring over to the U.S. now that we don't have the constraints of the contract.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, actually, Eric, I think Gum is a piece of it. But it's really primarily due to the fact that in that business, pricing hasn't yet caught up to rising input costs. We've been very sensitive to making sure that we get the right balance between protecting our shares and our underlying momentum. There's some impact on that business as well from the Easter shift because crackers tends to be more skewed, will be more skewed to the second quarter. But a big part of it is just they haven't fully been able to recover their input cost increases, as well as while we have continued to invest in a number of our core brands. And that's part of the reason that we're seeing very strong top line performance from a number of the Power brands. But that will equalize over time.
Irene Rosenfeld: I would say, to correct the assumption, we feel quite good about the aggregate revenue so we're not concerned about that at all.
Irene Rosenfeld: Chris, we have taken pricing. It is playing through, and you are likely to see another round of pricing in response to some of the significant spikes in our input cost. But we feel pretty good about the way our volumes have held up so far. We've got good programming in place. We've used a number of promotional tactics to try to leverage our scale. So for example, the Delicious Difference days that we run in France with Carrefour has been a nice way of us helping to bridge the consumer as we've raised prices in a number of our core categories. But we feel pretty confident that we will be able to protect our margins. Not actually -- assuming our dollar margins, but there'll be a bit of a denominator effect as we significantly increase prices. But we feel pretty confident that we can protect our profit dollars in Europe as well as elsewhere.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I certainly -- as we look around the world, our market shares in our core categories are holding their own despite the fact that in many of our categories, we were the first out in terms of pricing. I know there's always been a great deal of interest in North America, and we feel very good about how the focused strategy that Tony laid out is playing out behind our top 20 brands. And we've stepped up marketing investments, our shares are improving, and I guess, what's most telling is our account shares are quite significantly up versus prior years despite the fact that we have an Easter shift. So we feel very good about the extent to which our shares have held up around the world in the face of pricing. It certainly is reflective of the investments that we've made in our core equities as well as in our innovation pipeline.
Irene Rosenfeld: With respect to some of the management changes, there's no question I'm sorry to see some of our talent leave, but I feel that we've got a very strong pipeline. We've made great progress since I first laid out the rewiring strategy at CAGNY in 2007. We've got a nice pipeline for most of our key positions, and it enabled us to make some very quick announcements in the wake of the departure in Snacks, Jim Chambers' departure. For example, we've got Mark Clouse stepping in to run our Snacks business. Mark was the status architect of our global biscuit strategy, and he is well prepared to lead that important business. In turn, we backfilled Mark as the leader of our global biscuit category, with Lorna Davis, who is the General Manager of our China business. She actually came from the LU business initially. And she was the person, with our team, who grew our China business from $50 million to over at $500 million business over the last couple of years. So I feel very good about Lorna's experience in biscuit and her capability to add value in leading our global biscuit team. And then in turn, we backfilled Lorna Davis with Shawn Warren, who has been the architect in our Asia Pacific region of the Oreo growth that I alluded to in my remarks. And so we feel very good about the pipeline, and I think you see it playing out in these most recent announcement.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, I think we have benefits will come, yes, from distribution, although I feel actually quite good about the speed with which we got a number of these innovations to market. I think our innovation pipeline is one of the strongest we've had, possibly ever, but certainly in recent memory. And the focus on fewer, bigger, faster has really played out nicely. And so we're seeing very early wins on a number of the new items. But we do have some incremental distribution opportunity. But also for most of these products, the marketing support will just begin to kick in, in the second quarter. And so of course, we'll expect to see some pick up in velocities as well. So we feel quite good about the innovation pipeline in the U.S., as well as elsewhere in the world, and I think it's going to be an important contributor to our performance this year.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think we're seeing some sensitivity, and so there's no question that it is a little bit more difficult. But as you can see from our results, about half and half of revenue was about half and half vol/mix and pricing. And so we've been able to get to those price increases through, again, because of the investments that we've made in our core franchises.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, we're not. At this point, the business is fully integrated. So we gave the organic number for the entire company.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, as I mentioned earlier, we feel very good about the fact that we're holding our growing share in the majority of our business despite the fact that we did take pricing and we’ve seen a shift in Easter. So we're certainly way up in where we would hope to be. And as I mentioned on a volume basis, we feel very good that we're in the 80% range. We feel quite good about that.
Irene Rosenfeld: It's come back. I would say that we certainly are seeing better trends. It's not quite yet where we'd like it to be, but we certainly are -- we did not find that we lost a lot of distribution as part of their change in strategy. So you wouldn't have expected that as an impact on our distribution numbers. But we are -- the numbers that we look at, we are gaining distribution in aggregates, partly related to the fact that we've got some very strong new products as I mentioned earlier.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, we feel good, Terry. We set a target -- you're right, we set a target of about $1 billion, and we think we're on track to deliver that. We said about half a point of our growth in 2011 would come from our revenue synergies. But I think there's a whole host of examples. Certainly, India is one good example where we've been able to put both Oreo and Tang through the chocolate distribution network to terrific results. In Brazil, we're currently expanding our base legacy Kraft products into almost 700,000 outlets, up from less than 300,000. So we're seeing some -- and that's been an important contributor to our high double-digit growth in Brazil. Mexico, I talked about the fact that we've been able to put Oreo that was only in about the 100,000 outlets into Cadbury's 380,000 outlets that they had with the Gum business. Russia, we're seeing some opportunities to be able to put the total portfolio together, and even just some simple merchandising ideas. There was some small retail refrigerators that Cadbury used in India for their Chocolate business that we've now been able to take to use in Cheese in markets like Indonesia and for chocolate in markets like Brazil. So there's a whole host of examples, but as we shared with you most of the $1 billion of revenue synergies will come in 2012, 2013.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, we're having terrific performance in the alternative channels in mid- to high-teens growth rates and draw the mass in dollar. So we feel very, very good, particularly now with the stronger portfolio. We have a wider range of offerings for a number of these channels, and that's playing out quite well for us. It's an important part of our growth, and we like it a lot because typically, there's a lot less competition there, and we like the margins.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think we gave you, by geography. As we told in North America, our Power brands grew about 4%, and, in fact, if you look at our top 20 brands, 15 of the top 20 grew more than 5%. So we feel very good about the performance in North America. As we talked about in Europe, we grew an aggregate 4%. Our Power brands grew over 6%. And in Developing Markets where we grew almost 10%, our Power brands grew 16%. And behind there, we've given you a couple of numbers. We talked about Oreo up 56%. I talked about Cadbury Dairy Milk up almost 20%. So we've got a number of very good stories behind each of those aggregate numbers, but it would be a little bit lengthy to go into all of them. I think we've given you a pretty good flavor for them.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think certainly products like meals are just getting started. It's a beverage. We served it to you at CAGNY. It's a water enhancer, and people are just beginning to get it into their hands. We have high hopes for it. We're just getting started. But we've got a pretty good pipeline. Certainly as I mentioned, our innovations are out in the market for the most part, but they're just beginning to get consumer support. So we do expect that the performance of those products will accelerate as we move along. Tim mentioned the products in Europe. In the U.K., our Millicano coffee product, we have great hopes for that one, and it's off to a good start. Our chocolate Philadelphia with Milka is off to a very good start. We're actually selling more than we can make. So I think if we go around the world, we feel very good about the pipeline, and we do feel very good about the marketing support behind the pipeline. But I'll tell you, when I look at businesses like Tang, it took us 50 years to build Tang to a $500 million business, and in the last 3 years, we've essentially doubled that. And Tang is almost $1 billion brand in Developing Markets. So we've talked about brands like Oreo that are quite mature that are growing like teenagers. Many of these establish brands are responding quite well to the marketing support and to the innovation and the marketing as well as some of the new products that I talked about.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I do feel that -- we've been able to take pricing, our shares are holding up well. As we've said, we have found, in most of our categories, that we have priced earlier than many of our competitors. And the reality, though, is as costs are going up for everyone and so we would expect over time that we will see prices increase across the board for our customers, as well as for our branded competitors.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, most of our categories -- given the extreme spike that we have seen in input cost, it is almost impossible not to price them. We're seeing that playing out. Some people, some businesses have done it at different rates than others. We're starting to see it play out in the marketplace, but as Dave said, it's one of the reasons that we are cautious about our guidance because we feel very good about where we are so far, but we do need to continue to see this play out. But I would say, in general, we are finding that our elasticities are holding up better than we might have thought.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, I'm not going to get into any specifics. But I think you can see where the largest spikes have been.
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually, the biggest impact on our Grocery segment is Easter. That is, of all of our businesses, we've got a lot of products in there that are very sensitive to Easter; Macaroni & Cheese, and soaked up a number of our products. Our Jell-O business, Cool Whip business, all of those are highly sensitive to Easter, and that was the major driver of the net revenue decline. I'm quite comfortable that we will see, over the first half, positive organic growth in that business unit.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, as we've said, we have a longer-term target of getting ourselves in the 8% to 9% range. And I think we're well on track to continue to make good progress.
David Brearton: Thanks, Tim. For those of you who've met Tim in person, I know you'll understand when I say I'll have very big shoes to fill; in more ways than one. But I look forward to building on his progress and the company's excellent financial foundation. Turning to our guidance. On the top line, we're confident we'll deliver organic net revenue growth of at least 4% in 2011. That excludes the impact of the loss of the Starbucks CPG business and the favorable impact of accounting calendar changes. As you've seen, we started the year strong and we remain cautiously optimistic with regard to the balance of the year. We're realizing better alignment between pricing and input cost and volumes to date have held up well. But we're cautious on near-term demand, as the impact of inflation on the consumer has not yet fully played through in the marketplace. At the same time, we believe we're well positioned as we continue to fuel the virtuous cycle we outlined at CAGNY. Our end-to-end cost management will drive productivity and overhead savings, and we'll continue to increase investments in marketing, innovation and other brand-building investments to drive top-tier growth. On the bottom line, we now expect operating EPS of at least $2.20 this year. We've adjusted our numbers to reflect a $0.05 to $0.07 impact from recent changes in our U.S. Premium Coffee segment. These include the loss of the Starbucks CPG business, some related traffic overhead costs and the launch of Gevalia Premium Coffee coming in August. Most important, our overall business momentum remains strong. Excluding the changes in U.S. Premium Coffee, our earnings outlook for the balance of our business remains consistent with the prior guidance of 11% to 13% growth.  Now I'll turn the call back to Irene for some concluding remarks.
David Brearton: Andrew, it's Dave. Currency on the quarter was about in line, frankly, with last year. We have a pretty broad basket of currencies. So the implications of any currency moves kind of gets muted somewhat. If I was honest looking at the currencies where they sit today, it would reflect an upside versus the guidance we've given today. But as you probably saw in the markets today, they move a lot in any given day, and I think it would be a bit early for us to bet on that and build that in. So we've looked at first quarter and said it's about flat to a year ago. And the guidance at this stage reflects how we were thinking of it back then. If there's any upside, if these rates hold longer, we'll come back to you.
David Brearton: Sure. We don't normally issue quarterly guidance so I won't give you formal guidance. But I will say a couple of things. Firstly, you're right. Organic revenue growth in quarter 2 will benefit from the Easter shift. So we'll get the tailwind from the 1.5 points we talked about this quarter. But on the EPS side, I think Tim said in our last earnings call that we would have more normal seasonality of our EPS this year. Last year was a bit of an anomaly. Sort of if you look back over time, we've traditionally delivered a little less than half of our earnings in the first half, around 48% and about 52% from the back half, just because of the seasonality of some of our products. This year, we would expect to be in line with that historical trend. Whereas last year, for a lot of reasons, it was the reverse. We actually had a higher profit delivery in the first half last year than we did this year. So in terms of comparisons, our comparisons are going to be tougher in the first half than the back half. It's not because of anything this year, it's not because of pressures we're seeing. We're actually quite comfortable that 2011 will be a good earnings profile across the year. We're just comparing against an unusual 2010.
David Brearton: Yes, I think right now, we're pretty focused on getting to the leverage targets that we've laid out through both EBITDA growth as well as the natural maturity of our existing debt. When we get to that point, we will obviously, consider all options, but that will be a discussion with our Board so I don't think we could go into that here. In terms of M&A, we never comment on M&A. So sorry, we won't be able to do that here, but we're pretty happy with the portfolio we've got right now. And our focus is really on driving top-tier growth, top line and bottom line with the portfolio we have today.
David Brearton: At this point, I don't want to get into a hypothetical discussion on any Starbucks proceeds. We need to let the process play though.
David Brearton: This year is going to be pretty normal. So I would not get hung up on the growth rate versus last year. Last year was the anomaly. So this year, we will have an earnings profile across the quarters. It's going to be pretty much in line with prior years with, as I said, 48% in the first half and roughly 52% in the second half would be our normal historical level. And there's some things that you just have to keep in mind as we go into quarter 2. There's the Easter shift, just that normal distribution. And as well we're going to see a mark-to-market reverse out. The mathematical calculation of what that means to growth in the back half, again, I think I would look at that as part of an ongoing historical profile rather than versus last year. We had an unusually high earnings level in the first half last year, and equally an unusually lower earnings level in the back half. So yes, it will mathematically look like a big step up, but we're pretty comfortable with the profile this year is more normal and it will reflect our ongoing business profile.
David Brearton: I think the number you're looking on the chart was actually the take-out Starbucks revenue out of both years. So the $87 million was actually taking out January and February.
Timothy McLevish: Well, seasonally first quarter is usually a higher working capital quarter. If you looked at it historically, you'll see that our cash position in the first quarter usually is negative seasonally. This quarter, that was exacerbated a little bit with the Easter shift. So we were assembling inventories for the Easter selling season that sat there. A lot it sat there at the end of the first quarter. The year-end kind of runoff in FX and as the balance sheet was translated to U.S. dollars also pushed it up a little bit. And further, the higher input costs reflected higher inventories. So consequently, yes, the working capital was higher, which ultimately resulted in lower cash flows, and that's about, I think, it was a little over $1 billion higher than we would've anticipated. Also note that we made a $500 million pension contribution in January this year. So the combination of higher working capital and that pension contribution are in the net debt levels. But we do anticipate getting back on track or staying or remaining on track and bring the debt levels down to the levels we have identified consistent with our ratings targets by the year end.
Timothy McLevish: Well, Eric, I'll answer, I believe, the first part of it. The first quarter, actually we didn't give you quite enough information to determine the accretion dilution in the first quarter. There's pieces of it that are dealt with from last year. In fact, Cadbury was modestly dilutive, not the $0.03, but probably close to $0.02 dilutive in the first quarter. But that's right on track with what we expect to be for accretive this year. A lot of the increase is going to be the synergies. We've said that we'd be at 70% run rate of the 750 by year end, coming out of 25% last year. We added, I think, another 7% or 8% in the first quarter. So we're right on track on generating synergies, and although revenues in some of the Cadbury categories were a bit soft, we would anticipate that pick up in the back half of the year.
Timothy McLevish: I can start with the commodities, and Irene will talk about management. I think our commodity cost increases are actually quite consistent with what you're seeing from other companies. They're going to be the high single digits. We have a pretty wide business across multiple geographies, so I think it would be hard, I think, for you to do model that precisely. But we're looking at high single-digit increases. We are pricing. We priced in the first quarter to cover that, and we believe we'll be pricing to cover those as the year unfolds. So we don't see any major issues on commodities. We just need to keep in front of it. We need to use the end-to-end cost management to make sure we have money to invest in the brands and innovations, which then would allow us to do that pricing. So I think we're pretty comfortable with the high single-digit numbers that we've given.
Timothy McLevish: Yes, well, modestly more than we had in our annual plan, but it was up about 14% from prior year. Most of them -- a large part of that was fully planned.
Timothy McLevish: Not at this stage, Bryan. It's more or less in line with the guidance that we give you at the start of the year. It's more a question the overspend in quarter 1 was just a bit of phasing, but right now, we're still on track.
Timothy McLevish: Yes. Yes, the quarter -- the organic revenue growth of 4 plus percent that we gave excludes any calendar changes either this year or last year. So we've tried to keep it as clean as we can, and we'll do that going forward just to make it clearer for people how we're doing on our business.
Timothy McLevish: The profile last year was $54.46 and the normalized is more $48.52. So we're expecting to revert back to kind of normal.
Timothy McLevish: I think we can end it there. I appreciate everybody listening today. And for those of you who need to ask questions, Mike Mitchell will be available to take your calls. And for the analysts who have further follow-ups, Dexter Congbalay and myself will be available. Thanks very much, and have a good day.
