Irene B. Rosenfeld: Thanks, Brian. Simply put, I firmly believe we're well-positioned today and for the future. Our industry has been undergoing a period of unprecedented change and heightened volatility, and we expect this to continue in 2017. Challenging times like these demand decisive actions with a focus on creating value, both now and for the long term. Our aggressive cost management is making us nimbler, more efficient, and more productive. At the same time, we're making smart, strategic investments in our core franchises that will pay dividends for many years to come. We're clearly seeing some green shoots of growth in the brands, channels and markets where we're investing. Of course, not everything will show results immediately or work as well as we planned, but we're not afraid to experiment and innovate in this tough environment. In fact, we believe that's the only way to create momentum in a rapidly-changing world. While we believe it's critical to manage for the long term, we're also very focused on creating value for our shareholders today, regardless of headwinds. And we've done that. What gets me really excited, though, is this: when the macro picture improves, and we're confident that it will, the foundation we're laying today positions our company to leverage the investments we've made over the years to deliver differentiated growth on both the bottom and the top line. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah, Ken, I think we pretty much sized the main impacts without a doubt for us, given our strong presence in India and particularly our strong presence in rural India. Demonetization was a particularly significant impact. And as Brian mentioned, we expect it'll continue probably into at least through the first quarter, if not into a little bit of the second quarter. The other one really that was different than perhaps – a little tougher than we had expected was the strong promotion spending that we saw in both the UK and the U.S. There's a lot of trade spending dollars. It didn't do very much to drive the category and, in fact, all it did was sort of margin down the business. And again, we chose to participate in that to defend our shares, but that's not the right way to build the business for the long term. And I think as our customers experience the reality of that spending, we're going to be able to get back to a more disciplined focus on innovation and brand marketing and price pack architecture. So I would say those probably were the two biggest. Without a doubt, we continue to see a shift toward well-being products, and we are committed to participating in that shift. We saw strong performance from some of our own products like GOOD THiNS, like belVita, but we'll share with you at CAGNY our focus on really accelerating that growth, because that's where the consumer is going. So I think, without a doubt, the top line's not yet where we want it to be. I would say, though, in answer to your second question, there are some dynamics underlying the aggregate numbers that make us feel confident that we're going to start to see some improvement as we move ahead. The first is simply the quality of the revenue. We've told you that, over time, we were going to migrate from a very price-driven revenue profile to one more driven by vol/mix. And as you saw coming out of this year, we went from about minus 2.5% contribution of vol/mix last year to almost flat this year, and as Brian mentioned, we saw some nice improvement as the year progressed. We're very pleased with the performance of our Power Brands. They're 70% of the revenue today. Over time, as they continue to grow faster because that's where we're making our investments, we should see that growth pick up and they will be a larger portion of our overall portfolio. But they are growing faster than our categories and we expect that that will continue. As I mentioned, well-being products are performing well, and over time we've made a commitment that by 2020, half of our products will be in the well-being space. They're performing well, and you will see that continue to have a contribution. I feel good about the white space launches. We talked for a long time about the fact we were going to launch China chocolate, and you saw us launch chocolate in the U.S. We're feeling good. Those are early days, of course, but we're off to a good start there. And then last but not least, obviously we're seeing a fairly significant channel shift in a number of our markets, particularly the U.S. and China, and we've invested quite significantly in eCommerce and we're very pleased with the early progress in that space. We're up about 35% year-over-year, and we're hoping that that's going to represent a $1 billion business for us over the next couple of years. So net-net, we're not quite where we want to be on the top line. We're very pleased with the strong bottom line performance that we delivered. But we do see some green shoots underlying those aggregate numbers.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I do think our balance between top and bottom is one of the things that distinguishes us. I think we are uniquely well-positioned because of the nature of our portfolio, strong brands, a strong geographic footprint, strong routes to market with a good infrastructure, all of that is why we continue to make investment even in this challenging environment. So, without a doubt, we have pulled back a little bit. We've been pretty clear with our investors as to where those pullbacks have been, but we're one of the few companies that is delivering significant earnings growth while at the same time continuing to make those investments. And I think that is something that will continue to differentiate us, Andrew.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: So I would say it wasn't particularly effective, but that doesn't mean everybody will stop. So I can't forecast that. What I will tell you is we certainly are going to be a little bit more disciplined as we think about how we want to spend our money. Again, we did not see the kind of returns that we had hoped for and, in fact, it basically took our spending away from some of the other longer-term equity-building activities. So you're going to see us continue to migrate our spending. But I would say our customers, at the end of the day, if it doesn't grow the – if the spending that goes into it does not grow the category, I think our customers over time will look at other tactics as well. In terms of A&C in the fourth quarter...
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah, Rob, I would say we have made terrific progress in our U.S. biscuit business in terms of margin expansion over the last couple of years. If you look at North America, it's up 540 basis points, and that's almost largely the U.S. And that's been our primary focus. And at the same time, over these last couple of years, we've been able to continue to grow our share. This last year, the net of it is that we had a lot of moving parts going on in terms of our transformation activities, and I would say with hindsight, some of the optimization that we did, for example, in our DSD selling organization had more of an impact on the execution than I would have liked. And so we did see some impact in the short term. And as I mentioned in an answer to some of the earlier questions, we have seen a very challenging retailer environment, which has really caused a lot of promotional spending, which hasn't necessarily helped the overall category. Looking ahead, we have some very strong programs in place in 2017 and, frankly, a lot of those began as we exited the year. We're going to continue to invest in price pack architecture. As I've talked about it, as we got our supply chain – most of our supply chain activities behind us, we now have the capability and much more flexibility to offer a variety of pack sizes for our products. So, for example, we've got a family pack at one of our key customers that's doing exceptionally well. It took us a while to get that pack out the door. We are continuing to innovate, particularly in the well-being space. I mentioned GOOD THiNS and talked about the fact that you'll see a lot more of the items that we have coming in at CAGNY in a couple of weeks. And we're continuing to increase marketing investment behind programs with good ROI. We've got a very significant program behind our Oreo business this year, as well as a number of our other core franchises. So some of it was a messy fourth quarter that turned out to not play out quite as well as we had hoped, but at the same time, I think the business is well staged with one of the strongest innovation pipelines and the strongest price pack architecture capabilities that's going to allow us not only to address occasion opportunities, but also to penetrate some channels that we haven't been as strong in.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yes. Simple answer, Steven, is yes, Power Brands actually performed better in terms of overall market share. In fact, we actually grew share in Power Brands. So, some of the decline is coming from the non-Power Brands, but I would tell you that global Power Brands did exceptionally well. Our regional Power Brands was a bit of a mixed bag this past year because many of them are prominent in the emerging markets. So you think about a brand like Lacta chocolate in Brazil, for example, that given the macroeconomic conditions did not have a particularly strong year. So we did see some of these regional brands perform a little bit less well. But our focus going forward is to continue to distort our spending behind these Power Brands. They have the best margins. They've got the best growth trajectory. And that will allow us to continue to offset some of the declines in the other brands.
Brian T. Gladden: I would say, Ken, it's in our outlook that we've provided. It's relatively small and, as you know, it's kind of hard to predict, but it's in there.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, Bryan, I would say commodities is a bit mixed. I mean, everybody have seen cocoa prices come down. And clearly, we will ultimately benefit from that. Obviously, we have a hedge program that cushions that and takes some of the volatility out. So we don't necessarily get it right away, and it'll play its way through. But there are other things that are up in that portfolio of commodities that we buy. So I would say it's a mixed bag and it's not necessarily as big a driver as it's been over the last few years from a commodity standpoint. That said, there's still markets where we have to price, and that's one of the key elements that's going to drive our performance as we move into 2017. So I think that's the fundamental view on commodities. I think when you look at overall margins, we are assuming a similar environment as to what we see now, and we've sort of, as you would expect – I mean, it's been a weaker volume year than we would have hoped, and we've delivered very strong productivity with all the work that we've done despite that. So we've built a plan to deliver on our 2017 commitments, assuming that we have a similar environment from a top line standpoint, and not much help from volume. It will be continued focus on the programs that are taking overheads and shared services, and we have to do a better job on trade optimization. Price pack architecture will be part of that that drives through our margins. And then we told you last summer that we're moving some dollars from CapEx, which were initially focused on capacity and driving growth. We've moved that into more restructuring, so that gives us more confidence and a bigger portfolio of programs that help us drive the margins in an environment like this. So I think we're adapting to plan and adjusting to an environment that has lower growth.
Brian T. Gladden: Absolutely right. I mean, it changes the whole equation. If we were to get volume leverage on this thing, given what we've done with margins, it's a pretty powerful engine.
Brian T. Gladden: I think it feels a lot like what we saw this year, Chris. The pricing we need to do – I mean, there are some selected markets where it's rather extreme where we've seen devaluations in Egypt and Nigeria that has forced us to act very quickly with some significant pricing. But the rest of it – a lot of it will come from things like price pack architecture and revenue management. It won't be like we saw in 2015, which was broad-based across many markets. So that's just part of the equation that we've got to drive this year and I think we're in reasonable shape in terms of executing those things heading into the year.
Brian T. Gladden: It is. I mean, gross margin has been and it'll continue to be a key driver, as we think about the margin expansion and the commitments we have. Supply chain execution has gone well. It does set us up for productivity as we move over the next couple of years. So, gross margin will continue to be important. And if volumes come back, it obviously is a much more significant driver. As you look at the fourth quarter dynamic on gross margin, we had very strong productivity, so I think the underlying performance was very good. We had a couple unplanned items. Obviously, the lost volume in some of these markets: India, Middle East, Brazil. We saw a few markets, as we said, that had extreme currency devaluations where you really can't price fast enough to catch up. And then the trade spending. I mean, those were the dynamics that played out across the gross margin line as you look at the fourth quarter. So it'll continue to be a driver. You can't count on it every quarter. It's going to be a little bit lumpy. But we feel confident in the initiatives that are going to drive gross margin expansion.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, I don't want to get into the individual line. We want to be held accountable for the OI margin expansion and we've got good plans to get there across both overheads and gross margins.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah. Look, I think we'll talk a little bit about it at CAGNY this year. But it's clearly a different volume environment than we would've thought about, as we laid that out. So we'll give you a little bit of a sense for how we're thinking about that. I think you can have confidence that we have multiple paths to get there and we're chasing initiatives that are going to drive gross margin and overheads and the SG&A line.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah. David, I mean, we obviously spend a lot of time talking about this. It's hard not to see it play out. But it's very difficult and I think in this discussion a little early to speculate on what it would mean to us in terms of the impact of a border adjustment tax. As you know – I mean, we are a very global company. We've structured it successfully in a way that allows us to run it efficiently and serve our customers, consumers around the world, while delivering strong returns. And this has enabled us to create a competitive and, I would say, advantaged global tax structure and low cash taxes as part of what we do in delivering our results. So, to directly really respond to the specific question, I would just say that we do import from Mexico and other parts of the world into the U.S. Our imports represent a minority of our U.S. revenues and profits. And as I said, we're not going to do anything to adjust our operations or plans until we really know what the policies are going to be, and they're much more concrete. So, I mean, we're very involved, we're watching developments. We've got a voice in this process of providing feedback. And to the extent that we face higher costs for imported products, we'd obviously need to look for ways to cover these costs, adapt our supply chain model. And we do that over time. So, in terms of how much incremental benefit associated with Mexico or Salinas, we are, I would say, fairly well utilized in that facility at this point. And we don't have right now at this point additional plans to move any additional production to Mexico. So I would say it's contributing. You've seen the results in North America in terms of our margin expansion. Obviously, that's part of it. And we have – it's important to note, we've made significant investments in our U.S. assets as well and we continue to make investments here. We've invested over the last few years over almost $0.5 billion in our existing U.S. manufacturing footprint in U.S. plants. So it's a mixed bag. And that has, David, contributed to the margin expansion as well. We've seen great margin expansion from the U.S. plants as well.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, look, I think it's a very global business with – for all the positive things that come from that, I mean, we've got exposures to some of these questions. We're watching the developments. We'll manage our way through it. And we will adjust as appropriate as we move forward. And we'll keep you posted as we learn more.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah. The other thing we provided in the release would have been 1% headwind from currency on the top line.
Brian T. Gladden: We disclosed it in the third quarter. I think it was disclosed as about $35 million. We had an additional smaller amount in the fourth quarter. So I would say it's – we've had this over the last couple years from time to time. And it contributed in the LatAm business, I would say, about 80 basis points on the full year in terms of their profit. 80 basis points in terms of the – versus prior year.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, I'll take it. I would say, Alexia, for the total year, essentially flat, at slightly above 9% I think as we've talked about. In the quarter, it was slightly down. I mean, we made some conscious decisions while we did invest in some key markets in the key white spaces. You think about India, you think about what happened in the Middle East, you think about some of the other markets where we saw challenges, we did pull back intentionally. So about flat for the year. As you know and we've talked about, we continue to mix towards digital, which has created for us more room and is cheaper obviously than traditional. We've benefited from some ZBB work here and we've also continued to distort to the Power Brands. So moving A&C and spending it in the right places I think we've gotten better at that. But in general, about flat.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah. I'm not going to provide specifics. I would say probably slightly up is the overall framework.
Brian T. Gladden: Oh, SKU rationalization, yeah. All I said and what we'll continue to say, it's smaller than we would have had in 2016 and we're not going to specifically break it out.
