Luca Zaramella: Yes. So I'll start by saying that we are clearly very pleased with the way Q1 played out, and it builds a little bit on the momentum we saw in the second half of 2018. I think it is also important to taking a look at the results to realize that those were really good quality results. I think the teams around the world did a great job and I'll let Dirk talk maybe a little bit later, but this clearly adds to the conviction of the long-term potential of Mondelez and the merits of the strategy we put together and we presented to you. We were very clear that in 2019, we really want to solidify the progress we saw toward the end of last year. And we believe we really need to see these growth rates above guidance for at least another quarter before we revise our outlook. I want to remind you that this is an investment year and some of the investments we're making are for the benefit of the medium to long-term as well. So it will take a little bit of time for those investments to positively affect our revenue. And we clearly remain optimistic about our outlook, but as we've said many times, we want to be also thoughtful given some of the uncertainties that might post risk throughout the year, clearly Brexit is one of those. We also have some share losses and we need to address those in the remainder of the year. To your specific question, at the time of guidance last quarter, we said that there would be a 50 basis points positive impact due to Easter in the second quarter because of timing. Realities after that guidance we sat down with the trade specifically in the UK and we decided that ahead of the potential Brexit exit that line, which was March 29, it was better for either one to put the Easter stock in the trade itself which we did. So in terms of year-over-year, Easter happens to be neutral in terms of shipment on the quarter. So there is no timing effect. And so I think it is in relative terms, a clean quarter. Again, we're very pleased with the way we see the markets performing. But as I said, it is still early in the year to call up the guidance at this point.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Look, we are very pleased with pricing and the balance we see with volume mix. As I described pricing last year, we clearly focused on a couple of parts of the world, one was our developing markets, which Argentina is a component. I think there is a little bit higher pricing this quarter, than we saw on average last year. But the simple reality is Argentina in Q1 is lapping last year, a relatively benign inflation and ForEx. So the devaluation ramped up in the second part of the year. We moved to higher rates of inflation in the second part of the year in Q2 as well. But the second one about Argentina is we are striking a better balance between pricing and volume, so the volume component is better than we have seen last year. So all in all, I think Argentina will continue growing at the rate that is not going to be necessarily the Q1 rate. But excluding Argentina again, when I look at developing markets that grew 8.5% in the quarter, give or take, excluding Argentina, we are looking at a 6.5%, which is clearly building on the great momentum of last year, and the good news is that that growth rate is comprised both of volume for the vast majority and pricing. So we are very pleased. The other one is North America, where last year we had positive pricing. As I said last year, we used pretty much all the pricing levers promo, price pack architecture and line pricing. We announced toward the end of last year, a price increase in the U.S. We are pleased with the way it is going into the market. And again, when we look at biscuits, which is the biggest category we have in the U.S., and we look at consumption, nice numbers in terms of category growth between volume and pricing and importantly with share gains. So we will continue to see pricing for the remainder of the year. I think Argentina and the impact associated with it will come down in the quarters to come.
Luca Zaramella: Look, I'll start by talking about the interest cost. I think on the interest cost Q1 at $80 million, it came quite frankly a little bit more favorable than we thought. The reality is we are still benefiting particularly year-over-year from additional net investment hedges that had a positive impact. We are quite pleased with the rates we have in terms of all the interest costs. I would just want to remind you that we have $4.5 billion of euro denominated debt that is partly coming due in the second part of the year. That debt is at zero cost, actually negative cost for part of it, and we will renew that with a longer tenure, we will incur in additional interest cost. So yes, maybe the interest cost guidance of $450 million is a little bit on the conservative side. But I think again, we have to see how the year plays out. I think there has been a little bit of fluctuations around the interest rate. On the debt, it is true the debt went up. I don't think it went up, I'm looking at net debt, so including cash that we have some additional cash compared to the end of the year. And the reason being that there is particularly in Q1 some seasonality due to Easter falling later, receivables went up a bit. So we have a little bit more liquidity in the system. But the top of that went up pretty much because we renewed some debt. We have as you know, still relatively low cash flow compared to the yearly projection, so $200 million in Q1 versus the $2.8 billion that we are going to generate in the year. And then we took the opportunity to buyback shares as I said at $44 million. So between share and dividends, we paid a little bit north of $1 billion. So debt went up a bit. I think in terms of leverage, we are in the ballpark of the number we had at the end of last year. So I think it is pretty much timing.
Luca Zaramella: Maybe it will increase a bit again in line with EBITDA, I would say, so but I wouldn't expect leverage to go up again. We are committed to the credit ratings we have. We just got reaffirmed as one of the agencies reiterated the rating. So we feel good where we are. I think you should project the same situation as of the end of last year.
Luca Zaramella: Again, the way I commented on Brexit it was, we decided to put it Easter into the system ahead of a potential exit or even hard Brexit. So in terms of shipments, I wouldn't attribute to Brexit any impact year-over-year. It just happened that Easter this year fell in Q2, and we decided to put selling into the system in Q1. So, Q1 2018 versus 2019 no material changes. I think as I said, Argentina is a little bit higher. We gave you the number between developing markets with or without Argentina. The relevance of Argentina in the quarter is a little bit higher than last year. We expect that to turn down. So I would say, look in shipment terms, I think it is really a clean quarter now. I think you saw the categories, particularly around chocolate, where we have some challenges, part of it is due to timing. We need to work on the shares. And as I said, if you're trying to see if there are opportunities in terms of topline for the year, I would say, great start to the year. We are very pleased. As I said, I would like to see the second quarter above guidance for us to be able to call guidance out for the year.
Luca Zaramella: What Dirk was saying, yes, is that in gums specifically, we see a little bit of trade reassessing their stock position and as consumption goes down in our SKUs. They adjust stock down. So it was just refining to gum for that comment, I assume.
Luca Zaramella: I think you know the answer to that question is, at this point, no. I think as the new relatively new President came into play, actually all price controls were removed. I think the exchange rate environment is in terms of ability to move money out of the country and to remit money at growth, as being better than in the past. So the simple answer is, no. We don't have price controlled categories at this point in time, but we don't know clearly what lies ahead.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Look, I think it is clear that we are trying to move the mindset from gross margin percentages to gross profit dollars or from that matter from high percentages to high dollars. I think the gross profit line was in line with expectations and grew 4.5%, which is ahead of revenue we added 30 basis points of gross margin. As I dissect the business on the gross margin line, quite frankly, we are very pleased with what we're seeing in three regions out of four. There is Latin America that is facing some pressure and last year we did over strategies for ForEx that were absolutely exceptional, and we are lapping quite positive ForEx rates in Latin America in Q1. But with the exclusion of Latin America quite frankly, I see strength across all the other three regions and volume leverage is coming into play. Pricing, net of cost is positive and clearly we deliver productivity. Below the line or below gross profit we invested in A&C, route-to-market in R&D as we've said. But and we also deliver cost savings in the operator line, so underlying savings both in gross profit and overheads is quite good in line with expectations. We happened to lap a little bit of one-time as last year for some VAT related benefits that we got into the P&L. And as I said in my remarks, we are also – we have made accruals in Q1, in relation to some legal matters and again indirect taxes. So the year-over-year impact is round about $40 million. So when I exclude these items, I think the P&L that we deliver in Q1 was great. On Latin America, I wouldn't be at this point overly concerned. We achieved what we have in plan and as Brazil specifically speaks out for the remainder of the year, we should be benefiting from better leverage as well there. So you might be a little bit below what you had in mind, but it is in line with what we had internally and importantly I see three regions on solid ground.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Thank you for the question, Alexia. So on A&C, it was up in Q1. We're not going to start giving you details by A&C spending, but as particularly we look at working you can see which is dollars we spend behind initiatives online or Television, etc. That was up quite a bit year-over-year. I expect that increase to continue for the remainder of the year. And actually the overall A&C spending is going to sequentially increase in the quarters to come. Nothing that wasn't expected, it is baked into the guidance. To your second question, yes, Brexit is clearly unknown at this point in time and it is the biggest risk that that we know of. But as I learned many times in my life, I mean sometimes the unexpected comes as well. And so there are a few elections around the world. I don't know the outcomes of those yet, but there might be some uncertainties. Again, as I look at the categories, they are displaying solid growth in many places. We are fairly pleased with developing market. Having said that, given it is just one quarter. We decided to keep guidance the same.
Luca Zaramella: Look, just let's get the number straight on the debt. The net debt that we had at the end of last year was round about $17.3 billion. Okay. And it was the total leverage of 3.3x on EBITDA. At the end of Q1, net debt inclusive of cash, which I said increased around the world because of seasonality, specifically around Easter. It was $17.8 billion with the leverage round about 3.4x. So those are the numbers. On the interest rate and the cost $80 million is clearly a number that if you multiply by four doesn't get you the guidance we gave on interest rate. Having said that, there is an impact on net investments hedges, and particularly year-over-year that impact is going to subside. And then it was not uncommon particularly on short tenure debt to be able to borrow money in Europe at the negative interest cost. I'm not going to give you the details of what that these, but it is negative, so we are getting paid for that. And as we renew that debt at current rates, we are going to incur a cost and not last, we are going to increase tenure of the debt we are going issue for – in the second part of the year. So that is causing a little bit of – I mean such cost headwind that we have projected this year. As I said, I believe we are going to be a little bit better than the $450 million, but I think again, it is still early in the year given some uncertainties. Remember we have multiple interest cost components in the year. We have short-term borrowings that we do around the world. There is the net investment hedges. There is CP, commercial paper. The free cash flow came in better in Q1 than last year. So there is upside most likely. I think it is early for me to quantify it. I wouldn't expect to – a massive number here though in terms of upside.
Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Andrew. Yes, one of the key elements of our strategy was to create volume growth, which we haven't had for quite a while for a number of reasons. I think you are only growing as a company, if you're volume is going up, i.e. that you're selling more product to more consumers, but also because it gives us overheads leverage. We have installed capacity and to use that every extra ton we put through the plants comes at relatively speaking, lower cost than the previous one. So we try to help our teams to think differently about this. First of all, there was the incentive plan, which we did a number of changes and not in the least, we started to reward our teams for volume growth. There's also a better balance between topline and bottom line growth in our incentives. We also push down incentives in the sense that before most people would be rewarded our region was performing, we now have people being rewarded at the business unit level. So it is more of a direct impact. Before we used to have 60% of their results based on financial results, we've moved that up to 80%. So there is a more direct relation there and we also made sure that our long-term incentives are very performance based. So for sure that has played a role, a big role, I would say in these results. The other one that is really helping in the sense is the fact that we are focusing more and more on dollar gross profit growth, and that makes you think a little bit different on how you generate that versus a percentage of gross profit. And so that means that volume also through that sort of thinking is being stimulated. So overall, yes, we are at close to 2%, 1.7% volume growth in the quarter. That's pretty good and we want to keep it like that because we can clearly see the benefit.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. I'll take that one. Yes. So the first element there is that we are increasing our investments about $150 million this year that largely goes to A&C. And if I would split that between local and global brands that is more going to local brands than to global brands. We are also investing in route-to-market, India, Russia, China, South Central Europe. If we see there, there is more sales people, more trucks on the road, and we're also investing in R&D. The R&D investment is probably taking a little bit more time, but increasing our A&C investment in our brands and giving a little push on our local brands that is really having an immediate effect, and also the route-to-market of course immediate effect. But we do still believe that the big benefit of that extra investment still has to show up, so we want to see an acceleration in the return we get on it. And overall, I would also like to say that we don't see this as a one-off year where we do this. Our overall thinking is that as we invest more this year, we will get higher topline growth, which will lead to a solid gross profit growth and then we more or less flow half of that to the bottom line and reinvest half of that into our A&C and so on. So we see this continuing getting ourselves into a virtuous circle. And that would mean that every year we increase our investment.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. As we have stated, our preference is for bolt-on acquisitions, looking at the different white spaces that we have around the world. As you go around that you look at biscuits, chocolates, or gum and candy markets, we still have areas where we are not present or not big enough and that will be our preference to sort of filling our geographical landscape. We have the same in existing markets where in certain channels or there are certain areas in our categories like health and wellness premium, digital businesses that we would be interested in. But overall, we do not expect those to be big deals. In the case of Arnott's, it's Australia, it's biscuits, it's quite sizable business. It fits in that white space thinking. It's obviously a process that's still ongoing. It's probably a little bit higher than what we would originally start when we thought about acquisitions. But at the same time, we have very clear expectations in the term of returns and in term of leverage, and we want to stay very disciplined buyers. So as long as it fits into the framework that we've set into our strategic plan, we will do so. But if it falls out of that we will not make a deal.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, the two comments were not that new. I think the first one as it related to brands was that I have – and I think the rest of the management team in the company's shares that believes that the days of the big global brands that cover all areas and under which you can do everything and that will lead to significant growth, that's not necessarily what the future looks like. We can see the phenomenon very clearly with the insurgent brands in the U.S., which is translating in sales a little bit around the world. So the comment was related to my opinion that we need to keep on growing our global brands. And as we explained, we are very happy to have our two biggest brands growing almost both of them double-digit is quite good. But at the same time, we believe local brands more and more will have a significant role to play. They are closer to the local consumers. They feel more connected to it and so the comment was meant to say, we believe our strategy is the right one. On the coffee assets, the comment there was that they asked me, what was the future of our coffee assets in the business? I said that for the time being, we’re very happy. We've got different investments. We're seeing good growth. We are happy what the management teams are doing there and they still have some good potential. On the longer-term, the comment was that obviously we divested or partially divested our coffee business. We are not running it anymore. And over time, we will exit those assets. We don't know when, but clearly it's something that is in the plan. Those were the two comments.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, yes. And I don't know, which takeaway numbers that you are looking at, but you probably are comparing our biscuit takeaway numbers to our overall net revenue numbers...
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. It's still a bit lower. I would say our takeaway overall would be around 2% and then the net revenue is 0.5%. Clearly biscuits are doing very well for us. We have a good category growth. We're increasing our market share, and we clearly see that in the consumption. We do have as much smaller part of our business is related to gum and candy, and in the first quarter we saw a slowdown in those two categories, particularly in candy, we think that's only driven by Easter falling later into the year this year. We think that's going to come back in gum as been always a little bit under performing. So that's clearly a challenge as I bridge. They are not growing at the level that the rest of the consumption is growing. Particularly hard hit was halls in the quarter, because of the cold-season not being very good and also that we have some more pressure from vicks competitive activity. The other factor that you need to take into account is that the retailers still are lowering their stock levels and that shows up in our net revenue, but doesn't show up in the consumption numbers. So that's clearly something that plays a role for us. So those are largely the biggest factors, there is potentially also a little bit of non-measured channels that don't show up in the consumption numbers that you see, which we're not growing through the same rate. So that also causes that difference between the two. Those would be the big reasons, but we were able to perfectly make that bridge between our net revenue that we're seeing in consumption.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So first of all, some of the rollouts were not the whole country at the same time. So that certainly plays a role. Then also the systems are now – so the rollouts were spread over more than one year. The second effect that you have there is, it's an automatic system, and as that automatic system sees for instance our gum sales go down that will lead to lower stock levels de-referencing some of our SKUs, and so that sort of has an extra effect in the year, as our sales will start to go up. That will probably lead to a slight increase of our stock levels in the trade over time. So we do believe that this difference between our net revenue and the consumption we see will disappear in the coming months or quarters. And that it will be more reasoned out.
Dirk Van de Put: They don't order unless they will – yes, in a way they do, but they will lower their stock level, because if the sales go down, they need to have less stock. So you see an effect from that to...
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So, one observation on Latin America was that all our business units grew at the same time. In fact, all our business units around the world had growth. So that made the quarter quite appealing to it. To talk a little bit more about Brazil. We feel that Brazil is on an uptick. It's improving. It's not totally stable yet. There's certainly a number of macro uncertainties that are still there. But overall, we saw the business return back to growth, which we felt good about. As we look at categories, the chocolate category was in slight decline, but that of course includes the impact of the late Easter. And in terms of our Q1 revenue, our chocolate grew high single-digits. One of the successes there was the launch of a product called Bis Xtra, under our Bis brand and there was a new type of wafers, covers with chocolate that's doing very well there. As it relates to the gum category, we saw high single-digit revenue growth. This was driven also, sorry, the category was growing and our revenue was growing, largely driven by Trident and Trident launched a new campaign called Chew2Relax and that had a significant impact. And then also powdered beverages is very important for us, and where we also see the category getting back to growth, which was not the case last year. There we lost a little bit of share. In the past year and we are starting to recover, but we still have some recovery to do. So overall in Brazil, I would say surprising situation because that was the origin of your question is relatively healthy. It's not as big as it is in Argentina and largely in line with our expectations. By the way, the overall effect look of Argentina on our result, I think compared to last year's growth was 0.2. So there is an effect, but it's not that dramatic I would say, as you might expect. And then maybe to talk about Mexico, a little bit. Mexico, we see a very good situation. We are growing mid single-digits and pricing is relatively mitigated there. Also so, I would say if you look at Latin America where the pricing is higher than it has been in the past years is largely in Argentina, the rest looks largely in line with expectations.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Well, as it relates to the investments, it is evenly spread if anything, the first quarter was probably a bit lower than its fair share. So, it is not that we have an extraordinary spending in this quarter and now with tempers down, I would say we are expecting as Luca said the sequential increase of the spending as we go through the quarters. As it relates to what we are seeing, yes, obviously that's not captured in our consumption numbers that you see. But you're referring to a report that I think came out recently. We do see quite some substantial increase of consumption. I would say there in biscuits in North America, that I think that's sort of a particular situation, we have Easter was in – is in those numbers. So that's going to have an effect. We also just ran a very successful promotion on Oreo, The Games of Thrones edition, which is a one-off. So I'm expecting as those big effects sort of passes that consumption will go back to the normal 3%-ish that we're seeing. But yes, we clearly have seen in April, a big boost in consumption and we are quite happy about that.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thank you. So as I said at the outset, I feel good about our performance in this first quarter and the progress we are making as the strategic plan. We are encouraged by this strong start, and we believe we are well positioned to deliver on our financial commitments and keep on funding our future growth. We want to continue to invest for the long-term to support our brands, our sales, on innovation and our quality. And we think we are entering into that virtuous circle that we're talking about to build this sustainable momentum and keep on creating value for our shareholders for many years to come. So thank you for the time. Thank you for your interest in the Company. And talk to you in about a quarter.
