Luca Zaramella: Yes. Thank you, Bryan. So quite pleased with the gross profit growth, more than 4%. Gross margin, as you said, up 110 basis points, so delivering our commitments. It didn't translate fully into OI margin as last year we had a few positives into the other income line and, this year, we had a few unfavorable items in the other income line that resulted in unfavorable comparisons. But in terms of that specifically, I would say that we did a good job, in the quarter, continuing the cost savings you have seen so far this year, and we have been offsetting inflation. And as far as A&C goes, in general, it is in line with last year, so no major changes. But we have unlocked some more investments, specifically in the quarter in a couple of places where we see good momentum, and there will be more to come in Q4. So it was not -- A&C in total in the quarter, it was not overhead cost, it was the -- some unfavorability this quarter in other income lapping favorability last year as we had asset sales and a little bit of insurance claims that were refunded.
Luca Zaramella: Look, I think, and as you think about our margin year-to-date, OI margin is around about 16.8%. I think as we guided the full year to approximately 17%, I would say Q4 is around about in line with the year-to-date number.
Luca Zaramella: Look, I think we have work to do in the U.S., quite honestly. But I think pricing and the right balance between volume and pricing is something that we feel quite good about. If you look at the U.S. market and what we have done in biscuit not only this quarter but over the last few quarters, I think you'll see, in consumption terms, a nice balance in biscuit between volume and pricing. So going back to your specific question, we implemented pricing earlier in the year, which was a line pricing increase on some of our local brands, and that is coming in effect now. We have optimized promo spending. And again, I think we found the sweet spot in some of our brands where, I think, there were some inefficient promotions in place. And as I said, we are pleased seeing volume and pricing growth in the marketplace in consumption terms. And we introduced some price pack architecture. So we really used a full array of tools to implement pricing in the U.S. In addition, as we said, we have announced additional pricing across biscuits, gum and candy. And that pricing will be effective as of Q1 next year, and it will be for the vast majority line pricing. I think based on what we see these days, quite happy with the share gains and the balance, as I said. So we have confidence in the fact that this is the right move. And I think, as you look at the sustainability of the category and the ability we have to invest, I think, clearly, given the inflationary pressure we see in some commodities and logistics costs, this is the right thing to do.
Luca Zaramella: Look, we are clearly encouraged by the top line evolution. And we see clearly momentum, specifically across emerging markets. We are happy with the volume and pricing balance. Categories, as we said, are quite vibrant, specifically in emerging markets. And you said that I think we want to be thoughtful about the fourth quarter. As you know, that's -- in the U.S., there might still be some challenges even if we see improvements clearly in Q4 and in October, specifically. So I think it is just us wanting to be thoughtful about the fourth quarter, and I think we see light to the 2% even in Q4, quite honestly, around about 2%.
Luca Zaramella: No, I don't think there is really anything to worry about. We are lapping a quite high share number last year in Q3. We gained quite a bit of share across the board. So I think, think about that as phasing. It will come back.
Luca Zaramella: So specifically in Argentina, it is around about 2% of our revenue. And given the high inflationary environment, we are managing it, quite frankly, a little bit differently than the other 2 countries that Dirk mentioned, Brazil and Mexico. It is a disciplined approach, the one we are taking, to protecting cash flow and value. In fact, in the quarter and consistently throughout the year, we did double-digit pricing that drove revenue. We're happy with the way we are protecting cash flow and value in that country. In fact, I can tell you that our margin in the quarter was in line with last year. So it is a fine line between understanding how to price, protecting cash flow and also with the look of not losing too much scale in the country as it is tough to see it, but I think, potentially one day, that is a country with a sound economy that could grow and be a good business for us. So it is a fine balance, but it is a different way of managing it as we have compared to other countries in Latin America.
Luca Zaramella: No, it is a tricky question to guide you on coffee because, clearly, KDP is a publicly traded company. And that is one of the reasons we decided to go on a lag. There was an 8-K earlier in the month, where you can find the detail by quarter. But simply said, the impact of moving us to a lag, it is not going to be material in the year. So I can give you more details, maybe separately, and take you through some of the highlights of the 8-K, but think about consistency with what we said before in the context of double-digit EPS and the synergies that KDP is going to deliver.
Luca Zaramella: Look, we cannot comment on specific pricing actions. As we said about pricing, the vast majority of pricing, it is coming in effect in emerging markets, excluding Argentina. We are pleased with what we see there. I think, if you look and extract Argentina from the number of emerging markets, you see a growth that is 4.5%. It is underpinned by pricing, but there is also a nice component of volume. So think about pricing being in effect in emerging markets pretty much on the vast majority of those markets. And we are watching closely volume dynamics because we don't want to lose momentum, and we want to preserve that operating leverage that is the foundation of the plan we presented at the Investor Day.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. So as I said, on a year-to-date basis, the margin is 16.8%. I think it was around about 16.7% in the first half. As we guided to approximately 17%, see Q4 pretty much in line with both the first half and the Q3 year-to-date number. So it will be approximately 17%, a little bit below and in line with the full year guidance we gave.
Luca Zaramella: We are not getting into specific details. But as we said, it would be across the 3 categories: biscuit, gum and candies. And it will be different by brand. And we have looked into potential elasticity impacts, and we are trying to strike the right balance between preserving the volume and pricing momentum that we see in the marketplace these days and preserving margins going forward.
Luca Zaramella: Look, this quarter comps are clearly affected by the malware additional shipments last year. But I can assure you that the underlying dynamics are pretty much unchanged versus the previous quarters. I think you should look at the year-to-date volume and pricing balance. And as you look at that, I think what you see is that growth is half attributable to volume and the other half is pricing. Think about those dynamics continuing in Q4, but don't look at Q3 and draw the conclusion that volume was soft because we are lapping malware last year. And I think, again, as you look at the dynamics of emerging markets, Europe and Latin America, it is, quite frankly, in line with what we have seen so far this year.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, let me start maybe with the forex impact. The forex impact is the same as we had for Investor Day, but it happened to be a coincidence. There were various puts and takes. And I can tell you that, in general, with the profit component of emerging markets, EPS was improved. But we had the eurozone that lost a bit. So it happens to be the same. It was refreshed as of last week. So the number is the same, but it is a coincidence. In terms of categories, look, I think the guidance we gave you in terms of top line for next year, which is 2% to 2.3%, calls for a category dynamic that is in line with what we have seen this year and in line, certainly, with the 2.7% on a year-to-date basis. There might be puts and takes, but that is where we see the category, the snacking category, playing out for us this year and next year.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, yes, Bryan. Well, first of all, maybe a little bit on the strategy in general. We had a number of premises in our strategy as we announced it in September. The first one was that snacking is a great place to be in food these days, and the quarter confirmed that with the 2.7% growth of our categories worldwide, even if we had a the significant heat wave in Europe which obviously impacts chocolate sales. And then the other premise was that emerging markets will continue to drive growth, and they were particularly strong in this quarter with 6% growth. So we feel good about those 2 premises, they were confirmed. And then as it relates to the other 3 strategies that we laid out: accelerated consumer-centric growth; we continue with our new marketing playbook; we did a number of innovations that were launched, I talked about a few; and we keep on being focused on M&A, operational excellence. We talked about gross margin. Also, the new organization we're putting in place, the recyclable packaging. And then as it relates to the culture, again, that new organization which pushes accountability closer and the new incentive plan that will reward profit dollars and volume growth. So we're on track, we're making progress on all these 3 strategies and can go deeper into detail if you would like to. But overall, what we're expecting for the spending next year, and we're still, of course, finalizing the plans, but we expect those to be the 4 big areas. The first one would be, of course, A&C; the second one, in overall capabilities of the company; the third one, in quality; and the fourth one, in route to market. The specific levels are probably a little bit early to comment on, but we're expecting those 4 areas to see a significant increase next year.
Dirk Van de Put: Well, we see the category, so we see them at the moment growing at 2.7%. In our strat plan, we had foreseen that they would be around 3%. Us aiming at 2.5% for next year means that we do not see any market share gain for next year. We are largely aiming to stay in line with the market.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So maybe I'll start with chocolate. Yes, we entered the U.S. chocolate market, which is highly competitive. And we know that it will take some time, but we're trying to leverage the power of the Oreo brand there. I think it's a good example of extending our brands to play in adjacent categories but, obviously, it's going to be a niche type of play. And we see very positive indicators as it relates to Oreo chocolates, a very strong consumer response with the highest repeat rate of any recent innovation in the category. So overall, we think we feel pretty good about it. We just are going through the second year after the launch, and I think it's normal to see a little bit of a decline there. As it relates to gum, yes, the gum market itself has been doing better. We are seeing a very nice category growth coming back in the U.S. And you see a little bit of a better performance from us driven also by a new innovation called Trident Vibes that -- which we have also launched in China under the Stride brand. And we're seeing good results there with an early share taking of 1.2 points. And then, as it relates to cookies, I would say the crackers are relatively flat as we see our shares. But in the rest of the cookie segment, we are seeing quite interesting growth. Oreo is around the mid-single digits. belVita is up quite nicely. Ritz is doing well. So as you saw there, Alexia, we're doing quite well in our cookies approach. But overall, I would say there's some wins and some losses there. But overall, we feel pretty good about how things are going. You didn't mention candy, but Sour Patch Kids is doing quite well in the candy segment. So it's -- yes, there are some ins and outs. But overall, I think, if you look at all the categories, we're increasing our market share.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, the category growth is strong. It's about 3.6%. Our revenue growth was 3.5%, so quite close. Yes, we, at 40%, are holding or gaining share. That is largely due to, I would say, the -- some areas, Australia, New Zealand. We lost some share in France, Sweden. But overall, if I look at the performance, I don't think it's particularly something that we are concerned about. We're seeing big competition showing up. For instance, in chocolates, the overall growth is still quite strong, in mid-single digits overall, but the emerging markets are growing high single digits. And the developed markets maybe took back a little bit in the third quarter. But overall, I think we feel pretty strong about our chocolate performance.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, the lap for cookies versus last year, there was a big buildup for the hurricane last year. So yes, the overall category growth was a little bit slower, but we attribute that largely to a very tough comparison for last year. Year-to-date, we see the category at 1.9%, with our share being up 0.7%. In the last quarter, our share grew a full point. We expect the category to be coming back to higher levels as we don't have that lap effect anymore. So we have no particular indication that the category would be slowing down.
Dirk Van de Put: And then I would like to add that for 2019, we have studied the elasticity of our price increases quite carefully, so we don't provide any specific guidance on split between volume mix and pricing. But we are working towards that goal of a volume-led growth over the long term, and we feel that the current dynamic we're seeing of the positive volume mix year-to-date that we can continue that into next year.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. And just that it's -- we're counting on the same good balance between volume mix and pricing to continue into next year. We will see how the things play out. But at the moment, we are planning for something similar to this year. As we said, we have means of playing around with promotional spending, and that allows us to play around with how much we will get from volume. So I wouldn't expect that it's going to be a huge change for next year. At this stage, we feel pretty confident that the current formula, and it's working for us, that we can extend it into 2019.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. So in closing, I'm proud of the work of our teams across the business and the results that we are currently seeing. We are very encouraged by the progress in our emerging markets, which were particularly strong this quarter, and of course, where we see the significant amount of our future growth to be derived. Europe remains a solid business for us. And there is work to do in North America, but I'm also confident in the opportunity for that business to start growing. I would say that our new long-term strategy is generating excitement in our business. We are building from a position of leadership in our markets, and we are taking steps to further strengthen our capabilities and capture opportunity, as we explained. I'm here thinking particularly of the change in our commercial model, which is more consumer-focused and will drive greater local accountability. I'm also excited about the test, learn and scale approach that we are taking in innovation and then our increased focus on M&A, and that is a good example of what is more to come. And we also mentioned that we are planting the seeds for future growth with the launch of our new SnackFutures platform, of which we will inform you more in the coming weeks. And there is -- overall, incentive structure is changing. So we feel good about this quarter and then good about the coming quarters and next year. So I look forward to sharing more of our progress with you in the quarters to come, and thank you for your interest in the company.
