Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dave. As I said at the start of this call, 2012 was truly a transformational year for our company, and I’m excited to continue on our journey as a more focused growth company. As we enter 2013, we have all the ingredients in place for sustainable, profitable growth: a diversified geographic footprint with a significant presence in emerging markets, a focus on faster growing snacks categories, an unrivaled portfolio of beloved power brands and advantaged innovation platforms, and strong momentum from high-quality operating results. With that wind in our sails, we remain very bullish about the future of our business. Now we’d be happy to take your questions. 
Irene Rosenfeld: Most importantly, we delivered growth that was essentially in line with our mid-single digits guidance. It represented a significant sequential improvement as we had said, in Brazil and Russia. We’re quite happy with the quality of the results in each region. We saw solid contributions and significant step ups in the volume mix contribution. Very strong share performances, as Dave mentioned, around the world, and strong growth in our power brands. So net-net, we feel quite good about the overall performance of the quarter. Frankly, the top line was a little lighter than we had expected. We were expecting a growth rate to have a four in front of it. And as we said, the shortfall was largely attributed to the transition issues that we experienced in Canada as we separated what was the most integrated business in our company.  But we feel very good about the quality of our revenue growth. We continue to make the necessary investments in A&C and sales, which will fuel the growth in 2013 and beyond. We feel very good about the overall momentum of the business, and so we’re quite confident that we’ll deliver our 2013 guidance on both the top and bottom lines.
Irene Rosenfeld: Let me just give you a perspective on that, because the reality is the results in developing markets in Europe were pretty much where we thought. The number that you’re quoting we said was, North America and Europe, we said would be low single digits. If you look at the individual regions, our developing markets delivered essentially in line with the high single digit guidance we had given. As I said, they were up 7.6%.  Europe delivered essentially in line with our expectation of modest growth. We grew about 0.5, 0.7 in third quarter, and we were essentially flat in this quarter on the top line, consistent with the expectations associated with the coffee price decline.  The real issue and again, the variance versus our expectations, was in North America. We had expected that growth to accelerate from Q3 into Q4, given the strength that we were seeing, particularly on our biscuit business, but the impact of the Canadian transition tempered that growth somewhat, and that’s what led us to be a little bit below what we had expected.
Irene Rosenfeld: First of all, our long term guidance is 5-7% inclusive. We feel quite comfortable that over time coffee pricing will not be a major factor. As you know, the volatility over this last year, we went from Arabica at about $2.40 a pound all the way down to trending about $1.40 today. So the volatility that we saw was really quite unusual, and really had a profound impact on the first half very strong the second half, which is why it leads to the trends that Dave described. But net-net, we feel quite comfortable that as we get beyond the spin, we get all of the pieces of the enterprise moving properly, we are quite confident that we will be able to deliver 5-7% growth on a consistent basis over the long term. 
Irene Rosenfeld: Two additional perspectives on that. One is that we are quite confident, as I said a few minutes ago, that we can manage our way through some of these issues over time, and as we made the commitment to 5% revenue growth, we’re quite confident that we can deliver that.  But I’d also say, even coffee, you can’t look at the revenue per se as the only measure of how healthy that franchise is. In fact, our coffee revenue was essentially flat in the fourth quarter, despite the fact that we had a 7-point headwind in pricing.  So very strong vol mix performance, as Dave mentioned, as we continue to improve the vol mix with focus on our on-demand offerings that will continue to strengthen. But as you look at coffee, you need to get underneath the actual revenue a little bit to get a better sense of the health of the franchise. 
Irene Rosenfeld: The one thing I’d say, Ken, in response to your issue, 2012 was a transformational year for our company. We split a $54 billion enterprise. We created significant shareholder value in that process, while still delivering solid full year results. And very high quality full year results.  And we’ve talked quite a bit about that. The top line rebounded in the fourth quarter as we said it would. The revenue growth was very much in line with the guidance, the mid single digit guidance that we gave you. We delivered high-quality results as we’ve discussed, in each of our regions. We’ve got very strong underlying performance of our power brands, very strong continued expansion of gross margins and operating margins. We’ve continued to make the necessary investments in our franchises, both in A&C as well as sales and distribution. And we delivered very solid income growth on a constant currency operating basis.  And so you put all of that together, this enterprise is performing quite well. It’s not quite up to the long term targets. We understand that. But we have all the makings underneath. A very solid franchise, and the opportunity to deliver, as we said we would, on our 2013 guidance.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think the key milestone to look at is our share. The category in aggregate is down about 2%. We’re down about 3%. So as we’ve said, there is a clear opportunity for us to improve our share performance. We’ve taken a number of steps to improve that in each of our key markets, and as I mentioned in my remarks, we’re starting to see that bear some fruit. So I would suggest that you look at our share performance in our key gum markets: Japan, U.S., Europe, France, Mexico, and Brazil. And I would say those will be the key metrics for you to look at.  
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, we’ve got some new products. We launched Stride ID in the U.S. We have a similar version of that called Trident Twist in Europe, and so we’ve got some new products. But part of what we’ve suggested has to be improved in the category is that it’s a combination of some stronger innovation - I think we’re on that case - but it’s also about some improvement in tactical sales and marketing execution.  So we’ve talked about the price sizing architecture. In a number of our markets, we’ve actually introduced an economy size to try to address the pack rate in an environment where our consumers are not going to a kiosk quite as often as they might have. We’ve restored A&C as we told you, to historical levels. We are working on simplifying brand architecture so the category is easier to shop. So all of those actions together should have a near term impact in our share performance, and as I said, that’s what we’re watching, and I would encourage you to look at that as well.
Irene Rosenfeld: It’s going almost entirely behind our power brands. There’s a reason that our power brands are growing at twice the rate of revenue of the base business, and so we continue to invest disproportionately in the power brands, and in these global innovation platforms. And that’s what’s going to fuel our growth. 
Irene Rosenfeld: No. Again, if you look at our results for this year, we ended the year up about 60 basis points as a percentage of revenue, in terms of our A&C investment. It is a driver of our core franchises, and as we look at the performance of each of our individual categories, as well as our share performance, we’re feeling quite good about that. 
Irene Rosenfeld: I didn’t mention specifically what it was, but I did say it’s the major variance between the expectations that we had for the fourth quarter and the [37] that we delivered. So we are quite comfortable that we will see a rebound in Canada, in the first quarter, relative to the performance in the fourth quarter.  Again, it is a fully integrated business, and unlike the U.S. sales force, where we had a separate DSD organization to begin with, in Canada, our selling organization was fully integrated. So we had a lot more complexity as we took it apart. But we’re quite comfortable. Most of those issues occurred early in the quarter, and we’re quite comfortable as we come out of the first quarter that we’ll see a rebound there.
Irene Rosenfeld: Without a doubt, over the long term we expect that our developing markets will deliver a double digit rate of growth, and it continues to be a very exciting opportunity for us. We did say it would take us a couple of quarters to get the momentum back.  We’re feeling quite good about where Brazil is performing. Russia will take a little longer. It certainly has improved quite nicely from Q3, but it’s going to take a little bit longer to get that business performing back up to its historical contribution. So net-net, our developing markets over the long term will certainly contribute at a double digit rate, and we should see that performance begin to play out in the course of 2013.
David Brearton: We came in pretty much where we expected. Probably a bit higher than you modeled, because of a couple of things. Number one, in the fourth quarter we ended up, at the date of the spin, we had to revalue our pensions. So we actually took about a $0.02 hit on pension costs in the fourth quarter than we were expecting, but you probably wouldn’t have anticipated. We also had the synergies kicking in in the fourth quarter. So that was when they really started, and we had said last year that we expected the synergies to be about $235 million for 2013. One quarter of that hit quarter four. So those are probably the two numbers that might not have been in your model.
David Brearton: I don’t want to get into the habit of giving quarterly guidance, but we’ve guided you to the low end of the five to seven range. Clearly given coffee and some of the capacity constraints, you would expect us to be below that in the first half. So we will be below the low end of five to seven in the first half, which means we’re going to need to be higher than that in the back half.  And in terms of should you be concerned about the kind of turnaround that requires, no, I don’t think so. Because if you actually look at our results this year, we were up around 6% in the first half of the year. So I think we’ve demonstrated we can grow at the kind of levels we’ll have to grow in the back half of the year. We just need to get through the coffee pricing headwinds and the capacity constraints in front of us right now. 
David Brearton: I’ll start with the chocolate. I think chocolate’s like most of our products. There is no individual commodity that is a significant portion of the cost. And we tend to look at the total input cost bucket, which includes cocoa, obviously, and sugar, and various other ingredients. It also is impacted by currency rates, because cocoa is denominated in British pounds for us. Packaging, energy, labor costs, etc. The sort of amalgamation of all of those things we do not see a cost decline in any of our major businesses next year.  We would probably say across the company we’d be in the low single digit inflation across all of those components. And our strategy has been, and continues to be, we’ll price to recover those input costs. And we’ll leverage our aggressive productivity programs to grow our gross margin. So that’s kind of implicit in the whole cycle, and chocolate will be no different.  In terms of coffee, you’re right that a good portion of the coffee business is the roast and ground coffee business, which is a bit of a pass-through category. And we would expect to cover the price increases when costs go up, and we did last year and the year before, and to return a lot of that to the marketplace when costs go down. And again, assuming that has to cover forex and all the other items, that is also likely to be true over time.  But it’s not going to be abrupt, and I think you should look at coffee really no different than the other categories. The on-demand stuff you’re talking about, Tassimo, soluble coffee, etc., that we talk about, it is growing at a higher percentage for our business, and clearly coffee is a lower percentage of those costs than it is on roast and grounds. So you’ll see less dramatic swings over time. But again, that will be in the pricing line. On the OI line, we price to recover costs, and the opportunity to make huge money on the way up or down really isn’t there in most of that business. We really view it as managing our margins as part of the overall strategy. 
David Brearton: Again, I don’t want to get into quarterly guidance. We gave some last quarter, really because it was our first quarter out of the gate, and we were trying to get people used to it. I really don’t want to go beyond what I said to Andrew earlier. It will be below that low end of 5-7 in Q1 to Q2. And I think we’re going to have many of the same factors impacting us that impacted us in Q4. But I can’t go beyond that. 
David Brearton: And I think the other thing is the reason to believe we can do it over time, is our categories are growing in that range. I think as we said when we had the investor day in September, the categories we’re participating in are growing that 5-7% range. So we do have some stuff we have to get out of the way in the short term, but I think directionally, it is essentially saying we’ll grow in line with some pretty high-growth categories. And that will deliver the results that we put out there.
David Brearton: Australia had a good bounce back. I think they were up in sort of mid-single digits in the quarter, and really had some strong marketing campaigns and some good new products there, particularly in the chocolate business. Japan is gum. So the discussion we had on gum earlier, you can apply all of that to Japan. They continued to decline in the quarter. 
David Brearton: I’ll start with, on the corporate expense, there shouldn’t be anything “special” in 2013. So I mentioned a couple of items that we had exiting the year on total SG&A. But as we look forward, corporate will be a normal year in 2013. Interest, we talked about at the investor day that we had a $0.02 headwind in interest versus our sort of equilibrium capital structure. And we’ve said that our target was to get to about $18 billion of debt, and we would exit the year close to $20 billion. We exited at $19.5 billion. And that we were carrying excess cash.  That will work itself out over the first half of the year as debt maturities come due in February, and again in May. So we’ll pay down those maturities. By the end of May, we should be at where we want to be. But during that time period, there’s some inefficiency built in. There’s a couple of pennies of interest headwind very strong what you would normally expect. So those are those two. On taxes, we gave long term guidance of mid-20s, and I would stick to that long term guidance of mid-20s. That is the sort of straight average of all the statutory tax rates around the world. We said there would be some fluctuations in any given year to discrete events.  And I think in 2012, we finished at 20%, and the biggest discrete event in 2012 was actually a reduction in the U.K. corporate tax rate, which has an oversized impact, because we not only changed the statutory rate in the U.K., you also have to write down your deferred tax liability, so there’s a correction catch up on it.  There is another U.K. tax rate reduction claimed in 2013 by the U.K. government, and that’s built into the low-20s guidance. So that is why you’re seeing that rate come in lower. It’s going to be flat year over year, but it is lower than our long term guidance of mid-20s, primarily due to those kind of items. Now, in terms of where that’s going, we basically have said we will continue to drive the virtuous cycle. So we’ll invest in A&C, we’ll invest in sales and distribution capabilities, we’ll continue to look at innovation platform rollouts, and we’ll cover things like the interest headwind. So that’s all part of getting to our double digit EPS growth.
David Brearton: I think it was in the schedules at the back. It’s in that range, yes. I think if you go to the back, you’ll see the operating income growth on the presentation chart. 
David Brearton: No, I think what we’ve done with the guidance is we have restated to put everything at the average 2012 rates, with one exception. So essentially, there should be no FX impact with the exception of Venezuela. So that’s the only FX impact you would expect to see year over year. And that’s about $0.04. So effectively, our $1.52 to $1.57 guidance includes $0.04 of negative impacts from the Venezuela devaluation. But otherwise, there’s no forex impact year over year.
David Brearton: You will see the cash flow when we do the 10-K, which should be end of next week or early the following week. Unfortunately, it will be 9 months of KFG and 3 months of Mondelez. So we recognize that may not be helpful, because you value us on a discounted cash flow basis. But we’ll try to, as you get more quarters of Mondelez pure historically, help you work through that. 
David Brearton: We’ve taken it down from mid-20s. That was always going to be mid-20s as a range. But, fine. If it was 25% in your models, it would be $0.10. I’m not going to comment on what our internal expectations were. But essentially, it is covering things like A&C investment sales, investment distribution, other investments to drive the top line growth, as well as the interest expense we talked about, the headwind we had on that.  And I think there’s going to be some operational challenges in a place like Venezuela that is not part of the currency we just talked about. We covered the operational issues, if consumers react negatively to price increases, ourselves, internally. So those are the kinds of things that will be included in that. I’d also remind you that the EPS growth on a constant currency basis, if you do the math of what we told you today, would be 12-15%, which I think is pretty healthy. So that’s where it’s going. 
David Brearton: We don’t comment on our pricing strategy. I can’t really go into what might or might not happen in the future.
David Brearton: I guess the simple answer is no, gum is slightly under 9% of our revenue. So we are not counting, when we gave you the low end of 5-7%. That was driven primarily by the coffee and the capacity constraints. Gum, at that kind of level, costs us 20 or 30 basis points, but it’s not a significant drag on the total business. We’d like to see it get back to its historical growth rates, but it’s not a reason to be concerned about our long term guidance.
David Brearton: It will just be normal pruning that any company does, frankly. There were a couple of big things. There was one in Canada this year that we have talked about, where it was essentially a co-man contract left over from a previous divestiture. So it was large. Most of the other stuff we would do is stuff any of the people you cover would do in the normal course of business.
David Brearton: Yeah, I think the reason for the change is not because I don’t like cash flow, it’s just because it’s been really hard through the spin to delineate Kraft Foods Group versus Mondelez full year cash flow. So I know what my cash flow was in quarter four, obviously, and we are very pleased with that, but when you see our cash flow statement, it will be a combination of Mondelez for one quarter and KFG for three. And I think that’s the same reason you’ll get a little bit of reticence from our colleagues over at the Kraft Foods Group. Directionally, I think as part of the spinoff documentation we actually had information in there that would have allowed you to separate the cash flow between the old KFG companies. And for ’11 and ’10 you could more or less say half went to each company. 
David Brearton: That would be correct. At this stage, I’m not going to give guidance today. As we get a little more information to you on the balance sheet over time, you’ll get more guidance on that. But it won’t be today. 
David Brearton: A lot of the gross margin gains for last year would have been to do with some of the integration costs, etc. associated with Cadbury. So if you strip all that kind of thing out, our gross margins, we would say, on the year were up sort of in the mid-50 basis points, let’s say. And we’re quite happy with that. We think that’s a good performance.  And there’s nothing really one-time in nature in that. That legitimately is pricing to cover input costs and a very strong productivity program driving gross margin gains. So that’s what we did in 2012. We don’t give guidance going forward, but it clearly is part of our virtuous cycle strategy that we grow gross margin every year as a way to reinvest in A&C and sales.
David Brearton: It’s too many moving parts. The P&Ls that get attached to the press release are the continuing operations P&L, so there’s a lot of moving pieces in there. 
David Brearton: Again, we won’t give guidance on individual parts of the P&L, but it’s part of our strategy that we’ll continue to invest in A&C. 
David Brearton: I’d start by saying the biggest differentiation on us versus our peer group often comes down to geographic. Roughly 40% of our business is in Europe, and Europe tends to have very long receivables versus other markets. And most of our peers have much lower working capital in developing markets than North America, as we do.  So I think that’s probably one of the big drivers. That said, we’d agree with you there’s opportunity in working capital, and we’re quite active at looking at benchmarks and what are the best practices out there, and what are the things we should aspire to, and we do see opportunity in working capital. So I can’t judge for you whether we’re better or worse than some of the peers you’re looking at, but I can tell you we do believe there’s opportunity, yes.  Thank you everyone for joining the call. Any follow up questions, please address Nick or I. We’ll be standing by and ready to talk. Thanks. Bye.
