Irene B. Rosenfeld: Thanks, Brian. Throughout my tenure as CEO, the world and our industry have undergone unprecedented change. During that time, we anticipated the emerging challenges, adapted accordingly, and in the process, created significant value for our shareholders. I'm proud to leave this company far stronger than the one I started with. I'm indebted to my 90,000 colleagues around the world who have worked tirelessly to deliver their commitments each and every day in the face of many challenges. Looking ahead, I'm confident that our long-term value-creation strategy continues to position us to win and that the future for our great company is, indeed, very bright. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah. Bryan, we talked about this at CAGNY. And frankly, we've been looking at this for quite some time. I think it starts with the fact that we're seeing price deflation and erosion in promotion effectiveness in a number of markets but particularly acute in the U.S. And I think you probably have heard that from many of our competitors. In response to that, we are progressing our revenue management activities to continue to find those places that we're getting the best return, to work with our customers to understand the ROI of some of the various promotional practices that are going on. And frankly, I do believe that U.S. food deflation will begin to stabilize later this year. The second one is that we are seeing continued shifts toward health and well-being products. And again, as we've talked on a number of occasions, we're taking significant steps, both in terms of renovating existing brands with things like organic Triscuits, belVita Protein, RITZ Crisp & Thins as well as totally new products like Véa, which we just are in the process of introducing into the marketplace. And we believe that will help to not only improve our share position, and it's a big part of our back half share recovery, but we also think it will ultimately stimulate category growth. And then lastly, there is a piece that is non-measured channels. Again, primarily e-commerce, which in snacks is a fairly small piece of the business, but it's also natural food stores and other places where the consumer is shopping and once again, it's one of the reasons we have chosen to focus our efforts so much as we complete our supply chain reinvention on having the flexibility to introduce different package formats and different package sizes so that we can be present in whatever channels the consumer is shopping. So net-net, we are seeing continued category declines. And in fact, as Brian said, it got a little bit worse in the second quarter, but we have great confidence as we look to the back half of the year, particularly a number of the actions that we're taking that will start to see that category recover.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, I think there's no question. It's too early to speculate on what Dirk might do as he gets fully on board. But what I will say is, he's very familiar certainly from having done his own due diligence about what this company's progress has looked like, and what our aspirations are. And quite frankly, as I said, one of the reasons that we selected him as our leader is the fact that he has a very proven track record of being ambidextrous, as I call it, walking and chewing gum, top line and bottom line, and it's actually quite an impressive set of results. So he's a seasoned CEO. He knows well the challenges that one needs to make on the top line and the bottom line. And again, he's got a proven track record in that area. So, I have great confidence that he will come in here. Obviously, he wants to learn and form his own opinions, but I feel quite comfortable with the targets that are laid out.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Andrew, we feel every bit as confident and optimistic about the opportunity that our competitor's exit presents us with. For competitive reasons, we've been reticent to get into a lot of the specifics, but I will tell you we are seeing early success, and part of the challenge is we've been talking about this for quite some time. They announced six months to nine months ago, and we told you what we were going to do, and now we're actually about doing it. So, we have every confidence that we will pick up incremental shelf space, incremental displays, and it will be a key contributor to the trajectory change on our North American business in the back half of the year.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I guess the other point is, Andrew, it is an expensive capability, and so we want to be clear with our shareholders that we will be prudent as we continue to leverage this asset to make sure that it's giving us a good return. So that's the context in which you might have heard us refer to that.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah. No, I think it's a great question. Actually as I have had a chance to reflect on the last decade or so, I'm quite proud of a number of the things that happened. I think the portfolio decisions probably are kind of at the top of the list. I'm proud of the pivot that we made in response as we launched the company, the pivot that we made to more aggressively go after cost and improve margins. And I think in hindsight, I think perhaps we could have gone after the costs a little faster that would have helped us to be able to have the fuel to invest in our growth a little bit sooner. But I actually think that one of the things that I'm most proud of is having been able to balance the long-term and the short-term and the flexibility to pivot as we did in 2013, 2014 as we jump-started ZBB and supply chain reinvention and our Mondelēz Business Services to allow us to deliver the margin expansion. So, I think my regret is that we haven't fully realized the potential on the top-line, and I have every confidence again as I hand the reins over to Dirk and we look at his track record that, that is the last piece of the puzzle here.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah. Over the last couple of years as I talked with the board about my plans and my timeline for retirement, they put in place, as you would expect, a very thorough multiyear process. And in that process, the board considered both internal and external candidates, and there was a very talented pool of both internal and external candidates. I'm very pleased with the choice of Dirk and for all the reasons that we've laid out, and I feel quite confident that he will work hand in glove with our senior leaders to deliver on the commitments that we've made.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: So Jason, I think the growth is closer to 2% than it is to 4%. I'm not quite sure how you've put those numbers together. And it is slower than certainly than the rates that we would have seen a number of years ago. But I think we've set our expectations properly. I think we've got a good sense of category growth. We've been focused disproportionately on our share growth. I'm delighted to see our shares stabilizing as we come out of the second quarter. And we are very focused on our pipeline of innovation and renovation to help to continue to drive our overall share performance. So I think in the foreseeable future, we're probably looking at category trends in the approximately 2% range, and I think we have a real opportunity to drive our share performance within those categories.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: But, let me bring this back. We continue to feel very strongly with snacking categories, we'll grow faster than the rest of food that we will grow faster than center of the store categories because we are more impulse driven. We've got good demographic trends as a tailwind as we think about the fact that people are traveling farther to work, more women in the workforce, et cetera, which is causing people to snack more often. And so the combination of all of those factors together should give us a nice tailwind, particularly the emerging market is really the key to getting the aggregate category growth closer to the levels that you're talking about is really to see the emerging markets come back, and slowly but surely. We're starting to see that, in markets like Brazil, for example, they're still well below historical rates. So as we see the emerging markets come back, our strong footprint in those markets, our strong brand positions, together with the actions that we're taking should allow us to disproportionately continue to grow our share and the categories in the face of the broader macro trends.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, I think, John, it's actually – our route-to-market in China is somewhat unique relative to other markets. But frankly, the success that we've had with gum and now in chocolate is simply the playbook, which is that we intend to have all of our categories available in all of our countries. And so as we think about the emerging markets, most of those countries are dominant single category countries. And slowly but surely, we are bringing our brands into those white spaces, and so chocolate in China is a good example. The opportunity to bring chocolate here to the U.S. is another example. It's not about the nature of the route-to-market. Frankly, it's our investment in the feet on the ground that allow us to have the reach into broader parts of the country. So the investments that we're making in all of our geographies are designed to give us the infrastructure in Brazil, in China, in India, and South East Asia that will then allow us to put all of our categories through that pipe. So we have great visibility and optimism about the runway of growth opportunities that will come from the introduction of all of our categories into what is white space for us in a number of markets.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: As we've said, we feel very good about the overall composition of the portfolio and about our reach. We are well positioned certainly in the BRIC markets and in a number of the second-tier markets, but we will continue to look for opportunities to supplement that portfolio as we did in Vietnam, with our Kinh Do acquisition. So in that case, we had a business in Vietnam. It was fairly small. We instantly became the number one snacking company in that country with the acquisition of Kinh Do. So we will continue to look for opportunities to supplement our basic footprint, but we feel quite good about the overall footprint and approximately 40% of our revenue that is in emerging markets.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah, and it's exactly what you said. It is the fact that we are seeing, particularly in challenged economies like Brazil, we are seeing that value pricing is very important to the consumers there. And one of the things that's been a big focus of ours as we have implemented our supply chain reinvention is the opportunity to have more flexible packaging formats available, so that we can provide our products in a variety of packaged formats at different price points. And so the key for us in competing in, particularly in the emerging markets, with a number of lower-priced local competitors is our ability to create smaller pack sizes of our existing products, and we're finding that is working quite well for us, and that will be a key source of our share gains – they are actually today a source of share gains and will be increasingly important as we look ahead.
Brian T. Gladden: And I think, Andrew, as you look at some of the July data, it will be a little messy because of some of the malware shipment timing issues. But again, at the individual retail or account level, we feel very good about the progress.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, look, there's no question as we think about the second half. So you can do the math on what we need to do in the second half to get to at least one. That's still – we need a good second half. The malware incident has created a headwind, and I would say it does make that target a little bit tougher as we talked a little bit about some of the third quarter challenges. But I'll give you a few reasons to believe that we feel good about the second half. Three of our four regions are actually executing well and don't really need a significant change in trajectory as we look at the second half. The second thing is we will ship through the majority of the Q2 malware shipments. And again, July, we did the majority of that and feel good about that. We also, as Irene talked a bit about North America, we have good confidence in North America having a much better second half, and it's about the DSD opportunity. It's about the pipeline of health and wellness opportunities that we're pursuing, and it's about the execution of the team as we've had leadership in place there. So, those are really the drivers that I think we feel good about it. There's the Véa, the Triscuit and the share gains that we'll have, and we think that will also help the category growth in North America. And then in general, I think as you look at the second half, we have easier compares. You got India demonetization. You've got some of the weakness we saw and trade stock dynamics playing out of the Middle East that I think will help us in the second half as we look at compares. So look I think we feel pretty good about the opportunity to have a much better second half, and those are the real drivers.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, look. I think we expect – it was around 9% for the first half, which is slightly down from where we were in the first half of last year, but roughly in the range of where we've been as we look at the last six quarters or so. For the full year, I would say we'll be approximately flat. So, we will have a little bit of timing and more A&C spending in the second half. We continue to distort that spending, obviously, to Power Brands and to markets where we're seeing the growth opportunity, and therefore, we've taken it out of some. Digital mix continues to be a priority. We're projected to be at 30% of our spend on digital. We still think that makes lots of sense. And again, as I said, given the innovation initiatives that we have in the back half, that will drive some of the spending that we have lined up for the second half.
Brian T. Gladden: Sure, Alexia. Yeah, I mean, gross margins were down slightly in the quarter, and that's sort of the trend we've had over the last few quarters. The net productivity, the supply chain reinvention work is executing well. We're delivering strong net productivity. So that's not the challenge. I would say, clearly, we lost some volume leverage in the quarter as it related to the malware issue, and the pricing dynamic, pricing in general was positive, and the reality is most of that was driven by some of the inflationary economies like Argentina and Egypt, Nigeria. Those are big, big drivers where we had significant pricing. There's a couple of places where we have seen trade spending and incremental pricing challenges. You call out the U.S. I would just say in the U.S., that pricing has been more or less tied to some of the DSD opportunities as we position to gain some market share and take shelf space. Obviously, that's part of the equation and just something that we had expected to do. So we've been appropriately investing there. So again, I would just close by saying I think gross margins will continue to be a key element as we look at the margin expansion. And again, we have a full portfolio of programs we're driving around productivity that we expect will deliver over the next multiple quarters here.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah. Clearly, we've seen cocoa drop, but as you know, it's more than cocoa in the portfolio. Dairy has been a challenge. Even cocoa butter has been a challenge, wheat and sugar. There're some other things moving the other way. Right now, in the first half of the year, commodities were a pressure, and they were a pressure versus what we even had in our plans. As we go to the second half, not significant changes, as we're mostly hedged for a lot of those commodities, and dairy, as I think you know, there's not a lot of liquidity, and you can't really hedge that exposure. So as you head into 2018, based on what we see right now, there's a bit of relief. But obviously, you have to work through the pricing dynamics, and it's a complex equation.
Brian T. Gladden: But we are, as we've talked about, disproportionately moving investments and building route-to-market capability and distribution around channels that are growing faster. So acknowledging that there are some unmeasured channels that clearly may provide more growth is something we've done and clearly, putting some investment there is part of our strategy.
Brian T. Gladden: We said (45:59) in the first quarter was somewhere closer to 1%. So it's 1% to 1.5% is about what we're seeing pretty consistently.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah. I think, Rob, it's still just a little bit early. I hope you can sense our optimism and positive energy around it. I think, clearly, we're in the middle of shelf resets now, and you'll start to see that play out as you move through August and into September. And as I said a little bit earlier, there is a bit of noise because of some of the shift in timing and what played into July, and how that may have affected some of the shelf resets, and we're working through that now. But I'm not going to provide details. I mean, obviously, there's a competitive sensitivity to sharing some of that data as well. You'll see it play out, but I think it'll play out as you get through the third quarter into the fourth quarter, I think it'll be much clearer in some of that reported data. That's what I would say.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, So one of the things I said in the prepared comments was we have added capacity that that's come online even in the last few weeks, and we now have the capability in the U.S. to accelerate some of our distribution expansion. So you'll see a broader footprint and a bigger market position for Oreo, Milka as that capacities come on. It's not U.S. based capacity. We will likely, as this business grows and we continue to invest, need to have a discussion around where we put incremental capacity beyond that, and that's something that we probably phase into within the next probably 12 months as we think about that business. But we're not there yet, and we've got plenty of capacity to drive the growth that we have for the second half and into next year.
