Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Thanks, Andrew. Well, and based on H1, we obviously feel quite good about how our portfolio is performing. We have brought growth in the different regions, in the different categories across most of our brands. The pricing went through quite well, strong pricing, I would say compared to others. We have very good volume mix growth in three out of four regions. And the only region that was disrupted was Europe, but that was due to customer disruption, and we foresee for the second half that we will see solid volume growth in Europe. Our share is increasing, North America is finally recovered. We are gaining share in AMEA. Europe, of course, still a bit of a drag on share, but that's again because of this client disruption. You'll see that our emerging markets are doing quite well, broadly in the top and the bottom-line. So we are generating good gross profit. So we can continue to invest strongly in our brands and in our capabilities. The acquisitions are doing well, I would point to Clif. And yeah we have double-digit growth in adjusted and really PSO. The whole picture for us, looks pretty good. If I look a little bit further on the environment at least in our categories, we see strong consumer confidence. We would say that it's improving in the developed and in the emerging markets and the price sensitivity seems to be plateauing, particularly the emerging market consumer, I would say, is very, very solid. If I think about the competition, I think the big difference between us and the competition will be that we have a very strong top-line combined with some good volume growth and promo levels, we see some increase in promo levels in Biscuit, but it's largely flat and down somewhere else. We even see promo prices going up faster than non-promo prices in percentage. From a pricing perspective, we have done as what was needed. So most of our '23 pricing is taken. North America was already done in December of last year. Europe was closed, in line with expectations in Q2 and emerging markets are exactly on plan. And then the elasticity, we don't see a change in the elasticity, which has been low, as you know. We do see consumers shopping around more, hoping to find deals. The quantity bag per shopping trip is the same, but they tend to shop a little bit less frequently, but nothing really that preoccupies us. And so to close, I would say, the volume is strong. Europe will recover in the second half, and this will be the strongest H1. And we believe here that we have delivered as Mondelez. So we think we are quite -- doing quite well there. Maybe a few words on Europe, which is probably the most important thing for us. It obviously has been, for us, a very dynamic environment. Top line demand has been quite good, 13.1% growth, but the volume/mix was down 4.5 points, but that was due primarily through that client disruption. I want to reemphasize that all 2023 clients negotiations have closed successfully and all the pricing was landed in line with plan. We will see some inflationary costs continuing in cocoa and sugar going into 2024. And we are planning to do some strong investments in the second half in Europe. So if you think that through and you say, okay, these pricing negotiations are behind us, we are positive on H2. And so what you could expect for H2 in Europe is that our volumes will grow. We are ready to execute in store. We have planned key promotions because now with this negotiation behind us, we can go full force again. I think as a consequence of that, you will see our share improve. We also start lapping prior year headwinds. And our margins will start to recover as the pricing is now fully implemented. So I think three levels of good news, volume, share and margins. Our categories continue to do well. Consumers seem to prioritize them. Also in Europe, elasticities remain low despite some strong price inflation. Yes, if you talk about our cheese or grocery categories, there we see a little bit of an uptick in elasticity, but that's a smaller percentage of our business. HFS in the UK looks pretty manageable at this stage. The consumer is adjusting to the changes that they see in store. We see a bigger impact on seasonal and gifting, but the impact on standard chocolate seems to be minor. So I would say the main news that we have is that we are expecting a good second half for Europe on top of all the other things. Hope that gives you a picture, Andrew.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So we've seen in the first half, very strong double-digit revenue growth. And the margins, the OI margin versus previous year is up more than 1,000 basis points. So we've increased prices, some of the first thing I would say. We've increased prices more aggressively than Clif would have done historically. We increased prices in August, in January and another one later in Q1. And so we see low elasticity, I would say. So that's having a big impact. The second big thing that we are doing is the service has improved. We reduced SKUs. And we started to operate the plants a little bit better. And so that has given to a good increase in the service level. Then we changed the promotional plan. That has successfully kicked off. Fourth thing is that our media buying is more efficient than theirs. So we were able to also get some benefits from that. So those are some of the things we've done. The integration is taking place in a number of steps, like a big one is the systems integration later on in the year. But so far, where we have streamlined the teams and we've brought more clarity on how we want to operate the business that is all going well. But as we said in the prepared remarks that the real benefit of the cost synergies is still largely to come. We've already seen some benefits, but it's in the second half of this year and beginning of next year that we will get the real benefit from it. So I would say you can probably make the calculation. It's close to a $1 billion business. That improves its margin by the amount that I was closing. So that will have a reasonable impact on the total company.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So as I said, we don't really give volume guidance per region, but we would see some solid volume growth in the second half driven by exactly the factors that you were saying. So we have the pricing negotiations behind us, that pricing will be implemented. The disruption is gone. Last year, in the second half, we increased our prices in Europe, and we had more disruption. We will lap that. So that's going to have a benefit for us. We have elasticities in Europe that are relatively benign. So despite the newly implemented pricing, we don't think that, that's going to have a major effect on the volume. So we're not giving you the number, it's going to be a nice solid volume growth for the second half.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So well, first of all, cakes and pastries is not a small category. It's not the size of biscuits, but it's not too far away from it. And so it's a big opportunity around the world. It's a very fragmented category with sometimes relatively commoditized products in there. But there is a real opportunity to bring strong brands with high-quality products. And so that's really the play that we're going forward through an Oreo Airy Cake in China or Cakesters here in the US or Give & Go in the fresh section or a Chipita in Europe with pre-packaged croissants for instance. So we think that there is a whole play for us there. At the moment, we're around the 3%, 4% market share of the whole category. So plenty of room to go. With that, we are already the number two player. And so that indicates how fragmented it is. The category itself has been growing quite nicely over the past three years. It is a category that exists across all markets. It covers different occasions than our typical biscuits and chocolate, so that makes it very interesting for them. And so we think with these new quality products and our brands, we can really make a significant impact. And I'm not going to give an exact number, but we would expect that our cake and pastry business in the coming year should double or triple and lift us up to close to a 10% market share. So for us, it's going to be a significant contribution to the growth of the company.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. The opportunities typically lie in the emerging markets in the first place. And so the countries that you should be thinking about are India and China where we have been going at the rate of well over 100,000 to 200,000 new stores every year. That is going to continue, that speed at which we continue to grow. We do the same in Southeast Asia, and we're also looking at opportunities to do something similar in Latin America. So that's the number 1 driver of what we think. And you should think about it at the same pace as what it has been in the last two, three years. The second one is, we call it going broader, which means that we can start to increase the range of our products that are available in stores, also, again, largely in emerging markets. That's another big driver of our distribution. China has started to do that in the last two, three years. And that's going pretty well for us. And so that's a second sort of front that we are working on around the world. And then the last one is the acquisitions where we are starting to do test and learn with these products in different markets around the world. So we have a number of tests and learns going on in Chipita. We have some Grenade test and learn. We will have some Clif test and learns around the world. And we are expecting that from that, we will learn which countries those would have a big opportunity to start being distributed. So that you should see as a third front. In the first two, three years, I wouldn't expect that you would see a major impact on our numbers. But later on, as these things take shape, I think that will start to play a significant role. If I think order of magnitude that you should think about it, if I think about in India or in China, I would say 1/3 of the growth is driven by distribution expansion. So that gives you an order of magnitude.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So well, first of all, I would say Europe, you have to be a bit careful because you have the whole client disruption going through there. So if our share is affected, that has to see with the client disruption. But if I think about the performance of global and local brands, it is true that global brands have started to grow faster, I would say. We have a number of brands, particularly an Oreo, Milka, Cadbury, but also Dryden as a gum brand for example, or Halls, which are recuperating post COVID. So you have a number of global brands who -- the Oreo and Milka category is normal, but then you get an extra boost from things like Trident and Halls, which were not growing that much. We, for instance, are also working very hard on our Toblerone premiumization. So yes, at this stage, global brands are growing faster. They're well into the 20s. While local jewels are probably more in the mid-teens growth, still not bad. But that's a little bit the effect, as I explained to you. Does that mean that we have changed our resource allocation? No, not at all. And if anything, we're pushing our local teams to make sure that our local jewels get significant resources allocated to it because we believe that the opportunity is there. And so I wouldn't read too much into it. For instance, if you look at the 4-year CAGR, our global brands are double digits while our local jewels are high single digits. So very close to each other. And that's really what I point to. So we don't necessarily see anything there that would preoccupy us.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, yes, when I talked about the branded part, I was talking more about the packaged cakes and pastries. And so if you think about Give & Go as a fresh business, branded can play a role, and I can explain you a little bit how we think about that. But it's largely driven through innovation, I would say, the growth of the Give & Go business and extra distribution. So you have to think about Give & Go as a player that makes mini cakes and pastries, so mini cupcakes, mini muffins, mini brownies, mini doughnuts. And that's a very interesting segment. It's a to-buy segment, and they do a great job in offering a quality product. We can make those products with some of our ingredients. So you can imagine a cupcake with Oreo on top of it. And so the branding can play a role. They've also started to develop their own brands. So it can play a role in Give & Go, but your observation is correct that it's more in the packaged part of things. Now the in-store bakery is very interesting for retailers in North America, but it's also happening in other parts of the world. We were in Australia, for instance, and one of the retailers there, their main interest was to talk to us about in-store bakery and how we could activate it together with them. The reason being that the other big benefit of Give & Go business is that it saves on labor. So you now get a product delivered to your store that is freeze and thaw, and you can avoid all the labor in store, and so that drives a big interest from the retailer on top. The consumer sees it as fresh. There is high interest. It's a section they want to increase. So I would certainly confirm that there is a growing interest around the world for fresh bakery.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, yes. So China grew double digit for us in Q2. One of the key effects that you need to think about is that we have a big gum business there. And as we are coming out of COVID, kind of strange. Nobody talks about COVID anymore in China, but the mobility is coming back, and so we have growth coming on our gum business. And on top of that, we have had a continued strong biscuit growth, which is more home consumption. In both cases, we are increasing our share. Biscuit is up almost 1 point in Q2 through very strong brand activations, and we're particularly happy with the success that Chips Ahoy! is having now as our second big biscuit brand next to Oreo in China. And then gum share is up 2.5 points, where we started to do some very targeted activations in lower-tier cities. The other thing that's particular about Chinese that digital commerce is about 20% of sales. And in Q2, digital commerce is starting to -- started to grow quite considerably at a 23% growth rate. So that all points towards on-the-go consumption because in China, digital commerce can be sometimes delivered in a very short period of time, but also home consumption offshore -- of course. The other thing to explain our China growth is that distribution expansion I was talking about in the previous question. So in Q2 alone, we've added 60,000 new stores in the super and mini channels as a part of that go deeper route-to-market strategy. And the last one I would point to is innovation. We launched that Oreo Airy Cake. I talked about it in the prepared remarks. And that's that expansion into baked snacks and cakes and pastries for us. So those are all the elements that are driving our Chinese growth. I think it's pretty solid for the quarters and years to come. We can work on all these fronts. We can continue to add distribution. We still have a huge opportunity. We have some interesting innovations coming up. We're getting better and better on our digital commerce. And I think the gum category will really rebound in the coming months, and that will be a boost to our growth there. As it relates to the consumer, the consumer is clearly -- the confidence is going up. But certainly, they are not yet to the bullishness that they had pre-pandemic. They're not cutting back on volumes, but they are clearly shopping around more, trying to find better deals, and they're also trading up and down as it relates to the pack size. We also see a shift to smaller stores because the quantity that they buy is smaller and they shop with more frequency. So I would say we are very encouraged by our China business. We have several fronts that allow us to grow. We've done that in the previous years. Those fronts have not been affected. And I believe that you will see some very good results coming from China in the second half of the year.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Andrew. Yes. Before I go to the plus part, maybe briefly to provide some color on what underpins the new outlook. I think there are three important drivers to point to in terms of our new outlook. One, it is clearly the strong first half. And importantly, the quality of the results we are posting. I'm particularly happy with the operating part of the EPS growth. Second, I think it is really the underlying broad-based trends of our business, the resilience of our brands. I'm happy with volume and value growth and the continued investment. And third, as we mentioned a few times, Europe with price fully lending and in line with expectations. So maybe a word briefly by geography. Emerging markets are on a roll. We are quite happy. Some pricing is causing some areas of concern in terms of elasticity, but those are the minority of the market and not really important in the big scheme of things. The US and North America are posting a terrific P&L, and we are very pleased with Clif. And Europe has improved profitability already in Q2. But as we said last quarter, at that time, we had 80% of the price implemented. Now that pricing is 100% secured, we expect volume and revenue growth as well as margin improvement for Europe. So quite frankly, there is a good chance that we exceed the 12% plus guidance, but I prefer having another quarter under the belt and then narrow guidance for Q4. If all things play out as we have in mind, as I said, there are good chances we will exceed the guidance. Bear in mind that we want to start 2024 strong. And so if there is upside in terms of profitability and EPS, we might decide to reinvest selectively some of the upside to get really a fast start into 2024, too.
Luca Zaramella: No, that is it. It is debt coming down. You're going to see a good leverage as we end the year. We plan to be at like 2.5 times debt, which is quite good. And yes, it is as simple as us paying down the term loan.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you for the question, Ken. Look, the increase in sugar and cocoa specifically is material. I mean, we are talking about most likely a 30-plus percent if you look at the last 12 months or even more, particularly in cocoa. I think when you look at the quality of the brands, we said the fact that we had invested materially around the world in our brands, the fact that there are strong bonds with consumers and I believe pricing is -- will be a necessity in chocolate. I'm not going to elaborate on the details. Also, bear in mind that particularly in emerging markets, we are going to be very mindful about not vacating price point. And so we will use RGM. And then over the last couple of years, I would say we have learned the ins and outs of implementing pricing around the world. And I think it is needed, and we're going to do it most likely.
Luca Zaramella: No. Look, I don't think there is anything that you're going to see in terms of outliers that are going to cause material issues or material opportunities in Q3. You're going to see a volume rebound in Europe. As a consequence, I think, obviously, there is going to be a better situation for the totality of the company. I'm not going to guide you exactly on gross profit. But you're going to see double-digit, most likely revenue growth and double-digit EBIT growth. Below the line, the items can vary. But I think when you really look at Q3, Q4, you're going to see strong operating gains coming through the P&L. And I didn't talk a lot about cash flow, but very happy with that, too. And you're going to see us delivering the cash flow despite the $400 million headwind related to the coffee KDP sales.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. No, I think the first thing first is the underlying strength of the EBITDA in the business. So we are converting cash quite well from net income that is coming. And that is the first element of the equation. The second one is the fact that we are going to get $1.3 plus billion of proceeds from the gum sale, and that will further enhance the situation. I'm not going to tell you that we are going to run the company forever at this level of leverage. But reality is, absent M&A I think this is most likely a little bit of a new norm. What you have also to keep in mind is both in the case of Clif and Ricolino, we are doing quite a good job in terms of integration. And I think deployment of capital behind M&A, particularly, has been something that the company has done well. Capital allocation behind fleet, we quoted a few numbers. I think this is a great opportunity, and it shows that we can generate quite a bit of value through M&A. We don't control necessarily time of M&A. But on the M&A, if something comes along, we're going to be on it. Also, bear in mind that there are parts of the portfolio that we might decide eventually to divest down the road. So I think from a leverage standpoint, we are really in a good shape. The EPS upside, the -- one of the things I believe that is delivering volume growth for us, it is the fact that, yes, we price, but we continue to invest in the business, not only in terms of A&C, but also quality and other things. We talked a little bit earlier in the year about the mill carry launch in Europe and the improved formula as one example. And what I meant by EPS upside is we clearly have in mind the fact that we might have a little bit of headroom in terms of profitability. And we want to use a little bit of that headroom selectively in some places to really go after incremental distribution opportunities, to really go after incremental investments such as we get a good start into 2024. It will be on a case by case, but we consistently ask around the business, do you have opportunities to accelerate. And we do it on a quarterly basis, and so stay tuned. You'll learn more as we post Q3 results.
