Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Tim. Before taking your questions, I'd like to take a moment to reflect on our first three months together with Cadbury, as we proceed on our journey to build a global powerhouse. As I said at the outset today, our integration is progressing extremely well. Inevitably though, this process leads to some redundancies. But running an efficient enterprise is necessary to remain competitive for the long term. That philosophy has been part of both companies' cultures. In fact, a long-term leader of Cadbury once put it this way, “What destroys jobs certainly and permanently is the failure to remain competitive. The company's prime responsibility to everyone who has a stake in it is to retain its competitive edge, even if this means a reduction in jobs in the short run.” That statement is as true today as it was when it was written. We're making the tough choices now that are necessary for long-term success.  I know that there are some concerns about our ability to maintain base business momentum while integrating Cadbury. But I suggest that our strong first quarter results clearly demonstrate that we can, in fact, walk and chew Trident at the same time. That's a real testament to the commitment and capabilities of our people. And I thank them for all they're doing to lay the foundation for top-tier performance.  Now, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, Chris, we're continuing to make significant investments in the base Kraft business, as part of our overall effort to restore and continue to build our brand equities. And I think we're seeing the fruits of those labors around the world. With respect to Cadbury, there have been no surprises. The underlying health of the business is quite good, as you can see in the results that we just reported. We do understand though that they made some significant reductions. We had anticipated this in marketing and certainly in the back half of the year as they headed into their defense. And so it was our intention. And we are beginning to execute the increased investment in those businesses and, as I mentioned, particularly gum.
Irene Rosenfeld: It is on a GAAP basis, well, GAAP-adjusted for the integration costs. But it is after the effect of the additional amortization and depreciation.
Irene Rosenfeld: As we said at CAGNY, we continue to trend in the right direction. And if we look at the metric, it would still be north of 50%. The reality is as you said -- and we'll talk more about this as we present our strategic plan in the fall -- it's a less relevant metric today given the portfolio. Three years ago, when we laid this out as a metric, North America was 60% of our revenue, and we had a lot of things that needed to be fixed, particularly in the United States. And so using an aggregate metric like that was a good surrogate for the overall health of the business. Increasingly as our portfolio is more global and very much outside the U.S., we're doing very well there, and we need to figure out a shorthand way to give you some better visibility there. And even within the U.S., things have changed quite a bit. If you look at the portfolio, we've exited pizza. We've added gum and candy. We've got much more business in non-measured channels. And also as we look at the number of our franchises, take Mac & Cheese, for example. Whereas once upon a time, we were focused on growing share, we're now bumping up to some high 70s and 80s shares. And so our focus in that category, for example, is category growth. So all in all, we continue to perform directionally well on the metric. We do think though that as we start to look now at this combined portfolio and its overall profile, that we will want to talk to you about some perhaps better and more useful performance metrics.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, very definitely, it's the beginning of a structural change. If you recall in the fall, the Back to School Conference, Mike Clarke shared with you the plans that he had laid out for E.C., E.U. in terms of restoring the margin profile. And we're about executing that. He's got a lot of things that are working well. And at the same time, I'm particularly pleased that he was able to begin to restore top line growth as well. So the performance of the E.U. is very much on track. I think we’ve clearly got more work to do, as we make our way toward the margin targets that we've laid out. And I certainly think the combination of the base Kraft Foods business together with Cadbury will help to accelerate that even further.
Irene Rosenfeld: We'd say certainly in the short term given the economic conditions around the world, that we'd expect pricing to play a relatively smaller part in our overall revenue growth. Certainly over a long-term basis as we’ve said, we expect the bulk of the revenue to be fueled by volume/mix. The pricing should contribute as well. But in the near-term, we're expecting a modest contribution from pricing.
Irene Rosenfeld: If we step back a little bit, Alexia, if you recall two years ago, we set out two priorities on cheese. One was to get the focus and the investment and the resources refocused on our advantage categories. And we've certainly done that. And we’re seeing good performance on slices, on cream cheese and Velveeta. And we then said we wanted to see less volatility in the earnings on natural cheese. And we wanted to move to more of an adaptive pricing model and price closer to market. We continue to believe that, that is the right way to manage the business. That said, it worked exceptionally well when prices were going up. As prices have come down, we’re seeing a number of retailers use natural cheese as a loss leader and so we've had a fairly significant hit to our business. But the good news is that our profits have been relatively stable which was the intention behind that tactic. So the good news is we have better profit performance. The bad news is that natural cheese is in the short-term, in the near-term, a drag on our top line. But most importantly, it's manageable within the total portfolio.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. You know if you think about it, Bryan, and you look at the comps over the course of the year, there was a fairly significant change in trajectory from the first half to the second half. And so that just reflects the reality that the front half, we're looking at a comp year ago of about 4%. The back half was up about 6%. The other reality is the first half, and the first quarter in particular, benefits from the Easter shift into the first quarter. So it's aided to some extent by the holiday shift. So for both of those reasons, we feel very good about the performance in the first quarter. We feel good about the momentum on the business. But it's a little bit overstated relative to what we would expect for the full year. And we feel pretty good that the 5% number on the full year is a good one.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, Terry, the reason we haven't said a lot about revenue synergies at this point is first of all, our first focus is really to get this fundamental integration underway. There's nothing significant baked into our 2010 growth target. But we do, as I said, have robust plans in place in every market. We're actually in the process of vetting those right now and starting to prioritize them. And you will begin to see top line impact from those revenue synergies probably beginning in 2011. We're obviously going to go after some of the quicker wins as is appropriate. But most of the significant benefit to the bottom line will come after 2011, as we make the investments necessary to realize those synergies.
Irene Rosenfeld: But the 5%-plus target that I laid out in my remarks, Terry, assumes some revenue synergy in 2011 on the top line, some benefit from it on the top line, but not on the bottom line as I said.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, without a doubt certainly, as we lap the change in philosophy in the back half of the year, that will be helpful but I would tell you, what we are seeing so far is what I would call Action Alley White. I think we’re still working through the impact. And importantly, the implications of the change in philosophy. In the face of that though, we continue to invest in our brands. They continue to strengthen. They are must-have brands in our core categories and that ultimately will be what will drive our performance.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, David, we're still very much on track to do that. And that’ll be a continuing conversation. We're obviously not making those changes in every category at once. We're being very thoughtful in terms of how we do that. But we do have a healthy increase planned for 2010. And that's implicit in the guidance that we've given. Long-term, that 8% to 9% target is still what we’re shooting for. In fact, I would suggest that with the addition of Cadbury, we are probably looking more at the upper end of that target given the category. So we feel very good about the profile of A&C for this year and as we look ahead. But we'll give you – we’ll continue to update that as the year progresses.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. I think what we're talking though is incremental spending in addition to what we were doing on the base business. So a lot of that work on the base business is continuing and, to your point, it is not incremental but we see the opportunity as we continue to drive cost savings and we see increasing opportunities around the world to invest to accelerate growth. We're going to use some of that money to invest to further accelerate growth. So there is some base spending that will be shipping within the P&L from trade into advertising and consumer but there also will be some incremental spending that will come from the fact that we have some fairly significant cost savings opportunities.
Irene Rosenfeld: Oh absolutely. I think we're learning. I think their management of global categories is a best practice and, as I mentioned, we are organizing our global categories essentially the way that they were organized in an effort to improve the speed of expanding our innovation pipeline and our ability to launch new products around the world. I think their gum, the way they've approached gum innovation, for example, has been a best practice and we're bringing that learning back to our biscuit and to the chocolate business. So that's been an area of great opportunity, I'd say. On the manufacturing side, I think we’ve got a number of best practices. I alluded to fixing Molene [ph] and the opportunity to bring some of those practices to the Cadbury plants, we believe, will be a key piece of their ability to step-up their productivity. So there's lots of good learning on both sides. I feel particularly good about the ability to capture that learning because we’ve got a significant representation among our top leaders. About a third of our top 50 leaders come from the Cadbury organization and we're very pleased to have them.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think that's pretty fair. I mean we do have a $1.3 billion of integration costs that we would expect to -- a very high percent, if not all of them, are going to be cash charges. And that's going to happen over say two and a half years. So we will see depressed cash flows over that time frame.
Irene Rosenfeld: I would say that we feel very good about the underlying health of the European business. A lot of that growth came out of vol/mix. It was high-quality growth. If you recall, certainly on the legacy Kraft business a year ago, we were still doing a fair amount of pruning. And we told you we needed to lap that so we’re starting to see some of that play through. We feel very good about the focus again on the base Kraft business, the focus on mix and making sure that we've got good growth and good investment in the categories and the brands and the countries where we have good margin. And I think Cadbury has some similar work going on together with the fact that there's some benefits beginning from some of the cost savings programs from both of the legacy companies. So I think that there's some fundamental structural changes that are driving the performance in Europe. We're very pleased by that performance and we expect that it will continue.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, we felt very good about the gum performance, particularly in the U.S. in the first quarter and it was very much share driven. Actually, we're seeing the category has been a little bit soft. It looks like one of those categories that is impacted by the recession because it's a little bit more discretionary. But we're very pleased with the performance. We had a very solid pipeline of innovation coming from Trident Layers and the prelaunch shipments of Stride Shift. The Shift’s coming out as well as Dentyne Pure so there's a very good pipeline of innovation that's contributing. But overall, I feel very good about the performance of our gum business in the first quarter. And we expect continued strength.
Timothy McLevish: Yes, I mean there's also all of the input. [Indiscernible] you've seen cocoa and some sugar is higher than normal. We do have a hedge position, both in our base business and in Cadbury. We aren't going to disclose specifics about that, but we're hedged as we'd normally expect. We would anticipate if the prices stay at current levels or perhaps go higher, there would be some pricing later in the year. From productivity -- we're expecting for the most part that our pricing will cover the input costs. There may be a little contribution from productivity to buffer some of the ups and downs over time. But on balance, we'd expect pricing to cover input cost inflation. And the majority of the productivity will cover some inflation of manufacturing costs. But the majority of it will expand the gross margin.
Timothy McLevish: There's two ways to go about it. We kind of reconcile it from the past information we've provided. Take the Kraft base for 2010. And to that, grow it 7% to 9% consistent with what we’ve said. Add $0.05 worth of accretion for Cadbury. And then from that, you need to reduce the effect of the incremental amortization and depreciation. That will get you to the same as about the mid-teens growth from the base $2.
Timothy McLevish: Yes, you saw the chart. We would expect the ramp-up. We're going aggressively after synergies. We'll benefit by a little bit of it this year, but a big chunk will come in next year. There will be a component, as we've said, that we would like to invest with the newer better portfolio. We have lots of good opportunities to invest for good return and continue to strengthen our business and our brands. And so we would expect that we would invest some of that back. I would think on balance to think probably three-quarters of it, we would let drop to the bottom line. But probably a quarter of it, we would look to reinvest.
Timothy McLevish: We're working with the trustees of the UK pension plan and the Irish pension plan to determine how we may have to fund it. The expense base that was reflected, we've put pro forma numbers that -- we've put them together according to GAAP. But they, in some cases, really were not very helpful in anticipating what the future is going to bring. You saw probably $190 million worth of pension costs. And that was based upon asset values at the end of 2008. And it was higher than we would expect to have on a going-forward basis. And you also saw a fair amount of Vision into Action costs that then reflected in there. So I would use caution in trying to extrapolate off of the pro forma numbers reflected in that 8-K.
Timothy McLevish: No. We had to capitalize, and GAAP requires us to capitalize advisor fees. There's a big piece of it, and there’s a small piece of it where we don't benefit from a tax standpoint, on some of the integration costs as well. So you're seeing the non-deductibility of some of the acquisition-related costs, particularly of that piece.
Timothy McLevish: It's modestly under 30%. We would expect the full year rate on that comparable line in the P&L to be a little bit above 30%. But it's right in that range. So it's pretty normal.
Timothy McLevish: Within that, we’re not anticipating currency gains nor losses from current levels. We have a broad portfolio, different currencies to which we're exposed. You saw that we took about $0.03 worth of benefit in the first quarter of this year. But our full year guidance reflects kind of the current currency balance that we see. So we're not anticipating any material plus or minus for currency in 2010. And I would say we extrapolated that into our guidance or target for 2011.
Timothy McLevish: We've given guidance kind of on the bottom line, as Irene just mentioned. We would expect that the cost associated with getting the revenue synergies will kind of neutralize the bottom line impact from the benefit we will receive from the incremental revenue.
Timothy McLevish: Clearly, we'll get better. I mean we feel very confident in the numbers as we’ve rolled them up. The approach we took for the first full half of this year is that we consolidated Cadbury up as they historically have and then we consolidated Kraft up as we historically have and then brought them together. We'll do that for also the second quarter. In the second half of the year, we will begin to consolidate at the regional level as we put the organization in place and assign responsibilities to the leader of the respective geography. So I think we have a good plan laid out. As you know, Cadbury has been largely on SAP system. We have largely an SAP system around the globe and so it will be an easier transition/integration of the systems than would be if we had on disparate systems. We also use Hyberian financial manager consolidation tool to help consolidate from the SAP the various SAP instances around the world so it went reasonably well. I mean we felt very good about the process here. It was well laid out and we'll get progressively better over the course of the year. You may note that some of the detailed information like some of the vol/mix, pricing, et cetera, we don't have as much detail on the Cadbury side as we do on the Kraft side but that will progressively get better over the course of the year.
Timothy McLevish: Well, I mean we’re looking at it as integrated within the consolidated portfolio and as reflected in the guidance we’ve provided. We'd be reluctant to give too much more specific information on that. You saw some growth in the first couple of months that were consolidated this year. We will step up as we've said. The Cadbury, as a standalone, lightened up on a little bit of their brand building in the second half of this year. We plan to restore. That will put a little pressure. But by the second half of the year, we will have the Cadbury pretty deeply embedded within the Kraft organization that will be very hard to pull it out to identify it. The discrete changes in their earnings levels.
Timothy McLevish: We really haven't. I mean you can look at historical trends, we haven't given guidance for the quarter.
Timothy McLevish: Well, I mean, the fortunate or unfortunate thing is we need to follow GAAP, and we do follow GAAP, and the GAAP requires that if there are -- maybe there's a difference in the effectiveness of the hedging programs. Some of our hedges are effective and they don't have to be separately bought or marked-to-market at the end of the quarter. We do have some what's called effective hedges and they do stay embedded but the ones that are not effective have to be marked-to-market at the end of the quarter. And that's what you saw at the first quarter of last year. Now we do pull those out from the individual segments and report them just at the corporate level. So consistent with what you suggested, we try to not distort all of the individual segment results by what they have in marked-to-market. We keep it at the corporate level until the hedge actually is settled and then it goes back into the operating unit.
Timothy McLevish: I would just point out that there were several of the investors and analysts that suggested they don't like us to have x items reporting. So we're kind of careful to try to get us as close back to pure GAAP, a vanilla GAAP, as we can. But we’ll try to do our best to make it as clear as we can.
Timothy McLevish: I don’t know we’ll be quite as specific as yesterday but generally, the rates in the marketplace today is -- our full year guidance is predicated on those.
Timothy McLevish: Yes, you actually do read it right, Eric. Remember, we had Cadbury for two months. We had them for probably the richest part of the year, going into the Easter season in February-March. Only part of the financing costs were reflected in the quarter and over the back half of the year. I mean we’ll ramp up some of the investments as we've talked about. But you're exactly right, the $0.16 is our expectation for the full year versus the $0.01 for the quarter.
Timothy McLevish: Yes. Yes, I think there's some big disclosure, I think, in the earnings release. But there's a couple of things. Don't forget, a big piece of the about $140 million worth of the tax impact was attributable to the change in legislation with regard to the health care change. But a piece of the transaction cost, meaning that much of the advisory fees for book purposes, expense, but for tax purposes, it’s capitalized, so consequently we don't get the benefit of the tax effect of that. So that kicks the rate a bit higher and there are some additional of the integration costs particularly when we are in a mix of lower tax jurisdictions where we won't get quite as much benefit of the 30% rate as you pointed out for the integration costs.
Timothy McLevish: I mean, clearly we'll step it up some to reflect a bigger part of the business. Historically, Kraft has kind of developed so that we think we can fund the growth and the necessary productivity, et cetera, and keep our equipment and facilities in good shape at about 3% of revenues. In recent years, Cadbury has been spending at an appreciably higher rate, somewhere in the 4% to 5% of revenue range. We think that with the combination, that we can bring it back closer to the 3%. There is some difference in the nature of the businesses and the manufacturing processes certainly. But as we combine the business, we think we can bring it much closer to the 3% range. For 2010, our expectation is it's going to be about $1.7 billion versus what we had anticipated, $1.3 billion for the base Kraft.
