Dirk Van de Put: Thanks, Brian. So, I would say Q1 performance was good. We saw improved category growth and consumption trends, and we had solid performance from our Power Brands. We're optimistic, but it's early in the year. And we still have work to do as we focus on executing on our 2018 plan with excellence. As it relates to the bigger picture, we feel encouraged about many of the trends we're seeing in some of our biggest markets outside of the U.S. With an international business that represents 75% of our net revenues, we believe we are well positioned to take advantage of these trends over the coming quarters. Before I conclude, I would like to update you quickly on the status of our strategic review. As I've told you a few times, we've taken a fresh outside-in look at everything we do. We want to best position ourselves to generate sustainable value creation in the years to come. We are making good progress with the process, and we remain on target to complete this work at the end of the summer. So we'll share more details with you at that time. With that, let's open the line for questions.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. All right. Thanks, Andrew. Well, before I go a little bit deeper, I would like to say that we feel strongly about our North American business. We think it's well positioned for long-term profitable growth, and the reason that I'm saying that is, first of all, we are the number one player in the biscuit market. I think we have great brands with Oreo, Velveeta, Chips Ahoy!, we do have that differentiation from DSD, and we are improving our supply chain capability and performance, we're including recent investments. And we have new leadership in place with Glen Walter, and we are quite pleased with how much progress he's making in the operations. We do see the challenging environment. There are retailer pressures, as you know. There are changing channel dynamics, shifting more of the business into different channels, and everybody has talked about this higher logistics cost. But we've seen very positive signs as it relates to the consumer in the market. The spending is strong. The snacking categories have been improving. Our consumption is increasing above the market. And we see no real dramatic change in the pricing environment. So Q1, the pricing change is similar to the rest of 2017. So first of all, why is the top line growth negative still? The first reason is you have to see with mix. We have a mix between gum and biscuits mainly. And the gum business is still in decline. Secondly, the retailers are decreasing inventories. And the reason why we are also experiencing that is they're switching to automatic systems. So, our DSD group or sales force cannot necessarily influence that. And thirdly, the pricing, while similar in trend, is still going down roughly about half a percentage point. So, pricing-wise as I said, that's in line with what we've seen in the past years. But – and we also did some trade promotional spending in a few isolated spaces that had pretty good returns on it. And we're seeing as a consequence biscuit consumption and share improvement, so our consumption is up in the market. We don't quite yet see that in revenue because of what I was explaining.
Dirk Van de Put: The biscuit category was up 2.2% in Q1. That's about 1.2% higher than in Q4, and we held share and our consumption increased by 2.5%. So contrast that with our decline of 1.8% in our revenue.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Alexia. I'll do the first part and then Brian will take the second part of your question. So overall, the snacks category improved by 3.4% in the first quarter, and that excludes the Easter timing. In the second half, the comparison will be a little bit more difficult because last year, we already saw an improvement of the category in the second half. So we are pretty thoughtful about our targets and the top line. We need to see North America stabilize. And as I said, the market there also is showing some acceleration. As I look at the world as it relates to snacking, I would say that the emerging markets are continued and accelerated. They are now growing high single digits. And then the developed markets also are now low single digits, but also an improvement versus 2017, so we see it a little bit across the board. Europe had some very strong growth, the U.S., as I talked about. We also saw good results in China. We saw India doing quite well, Mexico, as we talked about. So it's sort of, at this stage, a trough developed in emerging markets that we are seeing the improvement of the growth of the snacking market.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, so it started really with the malware disruption last summer, which threw us off, and we were several weeks without really having a clear view on where our inventory was and how much we were selling to our clients. On top of that, we've had issues in our North American plants as it relates to waste. We were having too much waste, and so they were not really running as expected. Then the third thing that came in there is that we saw, as I mentioned, the demand increasing. So those three factors were the ones that influenced us at the end of last year and also still in the beginning of this year. We're returning to good service. We're back where we should be. We also have reestablished normal inventory. We did that by incurring extra costs. So things we have to do was increase manpower but also go into more over time just to make sure that we assured the right service, we had the right inventories, and we have solved our system problems. The issue that we had with our clients at the end of last year resulted in some returns and a charge of some allowances since we didn't provide the right service into the first quarter of this year. And then on top of that, you've seen the higher freight and logistics cost that we talked about. So we're back, but the costs are still there. They're improving. We still need to get our plant performance under control. So, when I said that Glen is doing well, the first thing that he was focused on is make sure that we get our customer service back in line and that we are delivering what we should be delivering, which is happening. The second thing he is doing is focusing on our performance in our plants and making sure that we get that improved. And the third thing that he is working hard on is to make sure that our plans, as it relates to our brands, are clear, and that we assure an excellent execution during the rest of the year. So those are the three things that he's working on. He's very operationally-oriented, and I can clearly see the progress we're making.
Dirk Van de Put: The cost improvement on service and freight, well, the one thing that we will certainly do is improve our performance and our waste in our plants. The freight and logistics, we are working on negotiating better using private shipment as much as we can and switching to rail, but we will still see an effect of the cost of freight and logistics.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So the organic net revenue growth that we saw in Europe was close to 5%. We saw an Easter effect in there, so I would say that we are in low-single-digit as it relates to our real growth. The volume and mix continues to be quite solid, and so we also continued to gain share in several of our markets. And the reason why that is happening is that we are having solid execution and we're having very good growth opportunities in particularly in two areas. One is this segment that we call chocobakery, which is sort of in between our chocolate and our biscuit brands, and that is growing over 20%, and seasonals, where we are every year executing better on our seasonal range. And so that has driven a margin expansion of about 50 basis points. Obviously, if you dive a little bit deeper, it's the chocolate category, which is doing or growing better than the biscuit category, although we're very happy with our biscuit performance, too, we've seen quite good volume mix there. That category is now high-single-digit growth. If you exclude Easter, we are probably mid-single-digit, and our share is increasing, particularly in the UK, which is our biggest market, but also in a market like Russia, for instance.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, so obviously, Europe is our biggest chocolate market. And in relation to the question before, I've gone through that. So pricing was pretty good for us as it relates to chocolate. The category itself, as I talked about, grew about 11.9%. If you exclude Easter, we think it's probably 5%, and our revenue growth, which, of course, has a lag versus the consumption growth, was around 5% – 4.8%. So yes, it is true that this is probably our highest maintaining and/or increasing share, which was 65% in Q4. I would say the reasons. I need to go a little bit around the world to give you the reasons why that is happening. In the UK, we have very strong execution. As I talked about in the previous call, we're sponsoring the Premiership. We launched a new campaign, and we've seen share increases there. So we feel that that is something that is going to continue. We've repositioned the brand, and that seems to be working quite well for us. If I go to India, which is another big chocolate market for us, where we have two-thirds of the market, our shares are increasing quite strongly there. And that is a mixture of new launches that we've done, something called 5Star 3D or some new varieties on our Silk, which is our premium range. We're also getting some traction on a product we call Lickables, which is a combination of chocolate and a toy. And we're also expanding our distribution there because of the potential that we still have in the traditional trade. So that's giving us double-digit increases. If I switch to Russia, which is another big chocolate market, there we're also are gaining several share points. That is driven by the launch of two brands of dark chocolate at the end of last year, Alpen Gold and Milka. So just like in the UK and India, I would think that the Russia momentum is also going to continue. And then we have – and another big market is Australia for us, again, more than 1%, almost 2 share points gain. There, I would say it's driven by strong Easter execution. It's probably not that repetitive. I think we just executed well, and the market there is doing well for the first part of the year, where in general it's a slower market. And then the other big market that we have but there we are losing share, that's in Brazil, because there's very aggressive competitive promotions. The category is growing largely by price increases, but there we have lost some market share. And that's the only market of the big chocolate markets where we are present that I would say that we are losing share. And in the others that I talked about, I do believe we have momentum and that we will be able to maintain that for the rest of the year.
Dirk Van de Put: I would say, in general, it's the shift in focus that we are going to go through as a company, where in the last three, four years, we have been very focused on our margin improvement. And we've restructured, we've closed plants, we've revamped our organization, we went through MBS. And so that takes a lot of energy in a company. And we've done well, but now we're getting to the end of that, and so we are – as a company, we see the potential now to really start focusing more on the relationship with our clients, the execution in the stores, and so on. So that, I would say, is one of the biggest shift. As I think about other area that is, for us, possible, one of the areas that I talked about is waste. We have a lot of waste in two areas, in the plants, mainly in North America, but also commercial waste, meaning that we have inventory that we need to destroy sometimes or we don't execute as well on the plans that we had, and that leads to some lost of opportunities. So, that's another area where I would expect us to do much better going forward. And then in general, in emerging markets, it's a game of gaining distribution and being excellent in thousands of stores. And that is sort of a day-to-day execution, you almost have to do it like an army, and we are – continue to increase our focus on that. And India, as an example, shows that if we do that well and we compare it with increase of distribution, that we can have quite some progress from that. Those would be three examples of where I see excellence in execution really coming through.
Dirk Van de Put: Yeah, I would say by deciding on focusing on the Power Brands, what we've done is we've distorted some of the spending. And so internally, our portfolio now, you've on one hand the Power Brands, which are doing well, but we have also the non-Power Brands, which are probably declining more than they would if they would get a little bit of support. And some of these, and I would probably call it the tail brands at the moment, that category, we can still split up various brands that are really old, and it's difficult to revamp them. There's other brands, which are usually very important in the different countries around the world that we have, and that because of our focus on Power Brands, we have neglected a little bit. And those brands still have a lot of potential, and what we want to do is reshift a little bit more of the spending of the Power Brands back into these, what I would call, local heritage brands, and where we have done that modernizing the packaging, modernizing the communication, using much more digital, we have seen quite interesting growth. And so as a consequence, we're starting to see a little bit of better growth coming out of that group of brands. So we're expecting to explore further that direction. It still will mean that we are going to remain very focused on our Power Brands, but we believe that there are ways in which we cannot have the same decline in the rest of the portfolio and get some growth out of some of the brands there. And the overall mix we see is going to be better if we do that.
Brian T. Gladden: It is, Andrew. We still expect that. We fully expected lower margins in the first half as we built our plans and rolled them out. In the quarter, what I would say the drivers of gross margin were we had some unfavorable mix, and Dirk talked about gum on a global basis. That's one of the challenges, it's higher profitability, as you know. I think that'll continue. That's a headwind that we knew about coming into the year, and it's about what we expected. Commodity cost is really a timing challenge given the hedge positions we had, given inventory levels in cocoa especially, but also in dairy and packaging. And as you know, we've been raising prices in the cheese business because of dairy inflation. And we'll begin to sort of lap or get ahead of the inflation in the second quarter. And then the higher supply chain costs in North America. And again, as Dirk said, I mean, I think we believe we'll see sequential improvement there as we work on supply chain cost as we get ahead of freight inflation that you're seeing across the business. So, I'd say the biggest driver is the expectation. And frankly, we know it, because of where we are in hedge positions. But commodities in the second half will be significantly better than the first half, and then again, getting ahead on supply chain costs in North America. And we're making progress there and we feel good about that. So, maybe another way to think about gross margins, I'd say, on an aggregate total global basis, pricing, net productivity, and volume leverage were contributors to improving gross margins. So they helped gross margins in the quarter. And then the mix and commodity costs were pressures to gross margin in the quarter. And even though net productivity was a help and positive, it was lower than expected because of the North America dynamic. So...
Brian T. Gladden: ...we do see that gross margins should improve sequentially as we move through the year, and for the total year, we still believe they should be up.
Brian T. Gladden: Bryan, I would say in general, volume is helpful in margins, and it was – it's good to see some volume growth back in the business. I think when it gets down to it, it's really about executing on that productivity, executing on our net – our SG&A programs across the company, but especially in these markets. As you know, some of our supply chain work has been – it was initially more focused in the developed markets, in the latter stages, was more in AMEA and Latin America. And you start to see some of that really begin to benefit the business, and we expect some of that to continue. So, I think the volume was good. And obviously, there's a bit of a benefit from Easter and some timing and phasing in the quarter, but that is a help to the P&L and a help to the margin rates.
Brian T. Gladden: I'll take it, Ken. I'd say, as you see in the quarter, it's down low single digits for the company. We're not seeing signs of improvement in developed markets. We've tried, obviously, innovation, and we've taken some cost out of the business. We've invested in advertising and consumer spending. Emerging markets, the gum business is actually up high single digits with volume-based growth, and there's some good markets like Turkey, Brazil, South Africa that are contributing to that in a good way. So there are some pockets of improvement that we feel pretty good about. It is – as you would know, it's relatively small. It's about 7% of revenue now. Obviously, good profit margins, and I think one of the challenges is, it gives us scale in some important markets. And as we think about the strategic decision or what we might do in the long term, we obviously have to consider that. There would obviously be stranded costs. There's obviously a short-term dilution associated with the transaction. So, I think it's one where it's obviously going to be one of the topics that we spend some time on as we do our strategic work, but again, it's in the short term. I think you'll see some innovation in a few markets this year. I think we're generally optimistic about some of those. We're taking actions to reduce the cost structure, given the growth profile. And as we've talked about, we continue to shift resources, focus to candy and to mints, which I think are obviously markets that are growing faster and have equally attractive margins for the business. So it's a complex process, and I think it's one that we are working on.
Brian T. Gladden: Alexia, on the total year outlook as it relates to revenue, I think we are obviously maintaining our outlook for the year at 1% to 2%. I'd say we would acknowledge some potential upside to the top line if the trends that we're seeing continue. As Dirk just talked about, category growth rates and our top line trajectory are both a bit above what we would have expected. But we want to really watch the global category growth as we normalize for Easter and move through Ramadan. And then our North America business, we want to stabilize that as well. So I think to your question around the second half, I think the second half, it won't be negative. I think we will see positive growth in the second half, and we'll lap, as we said, a little bit more challenging comps in the second half. So in general, we're just being a little bit thoughtful and maybe prudent on the top line, and we'll look at it as we move through the year.
Brian T. Gladden: For our revenue, it's in the range of about 50 basis points that moves from – that you would adjust the first quarter growth by.
Brian T. Gladden: Look, I think we put some trade promotional spend in play in both North America and in Europe. You would have seen that's one of the contributors to the pricing dynamic. I think we feel pretty good about, as you look at the consumption results in both of those regions, that it seemed to pay back good returns, and we'll continue to look at that. I'd say on A&C, no real change to our posture. I'd say on the total year, we expect to be about flat. I think it looks a little down in the first quarter, and that's mostly driven by phasing of how we would have booked those costs over the last year in 2017. So I'd say relatively flat on A&C and a little bit more on trade promotional spend, and you saw how it played out in consumption in the top line.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, David. As you would expect, Europe is our biggest region impacted by Easter, and it's in the range of 2.5 points of the growth was driven by Easter.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah. So in terms of commodities in general, I mean, as I said, they were unfavorable versus the prior year in the first quarter. Most of that came from higher dairy, higher packaging costs. And as we said, one of the drivers of our gross margin weakness was this dynamic. We've been pricing for the dairy inflation, and again, we get through that as we're getting through the middle of the year. As it relates to cocoa, our all-in cost for the first quarter net of hedges was up from versus the prior year, so that would be different than obviously what you see in the spot market. And that's driven by hedges that we've had in place from last year, and obviously inventory we entered the year with. We do see the cocoa costs helping in the second half, but it's still a little bit of a challenge in the second quarter given hedges, again, that were put in place last year, so wouldn't necessarily match up with what you see in the spot market. So, it's really all about the timing of when we put hedges on, and we've got pretty much the rest of the year locked, and we know what that is, and we know it's going to be favorable year over year and favorable sequentially.
Brian T. Gladden: I would just say if you look over the last two years, maybe two and a half years, we've been pretty close to 60% – 70% gaining, holding and gaining share mostly in this category. So once we lap the pricing that was required with the last round of cocoa inflation three years ago, I think we've been in great position and we've seen good momentum in chocolate across the board.
Brian T. Gladden: Not really for the most part. As you would expect, we have our exposures hedged on the transactional side and most of the year is already locked in. So it's incorporated in our outlook, and I'd say it's relatively minor.
Brian T. Gladden: Look, we're not going to get into specifics around what we might do on pricing, David. I think again, we feel like we're in a good position in terms of our cocoa costs as we look at least the rest of this year. I think as you see, we're managing the chocolate business for growth right now. But again, we feel like we've got the right cost position, and we'll manage that as we go through the year, but nothing specific on pricing.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah. Look, we said it's accretive in the first full year, which, as we expect that, that would be half of it this year, half of it next year. I would say, it's immaterial to the current outlook. It's not that much of an accretion that you would see it in the numbers, but it is slightly accretive.
