Dirk Van de Put: Thank you, Brian. So in summary, we have strong foundational goods in place, and we enter the year with momentum in several areas of our business. Our 2018 plan reflects an emphasis on execution, ongoing improvements in top line growth and continuous actions to expand our margins. And as we develop our strategic plans for sustainable growth, we are focused on how we can optimize and accelerate our strength to create more value for all our stakeholders. As a leader, my philosophy has always been to set thoughtful goals and deliver against them. And as I look ahead, I am very excited about the opportunities to create value at Mondelez. Similar to my attention to consumers, customers and colleagues, I look forward to engaging with the investment community over the coming months and quarters. And with that, let's open the line for questions.
Dirk Van de Put: Well, first of all, I arrived mid-November. I'm 60 days on board. Secondly, my approach to planning has always been that I try to set very thoughtful targets that I believe we can deliver. So with that we are seeing that we are going to have a top line improvement in 2018 versus 2017, we are seeing 1% to 2% top line and expect that about 17% adjusted to OI margins. It is correct that the categories aren't growing faster in the fourth quarter. But if you look at the whole of 2017 we are the first half, which was pretty low growth and then the second half was a lot better. So we've taken a balanced approach. We don’t think we can already bet on the categories accelerating. And we also want to deliver on those margin expansion targets. So that's overall what I would say my philosophy is. And I think that maybe Brian you want to add a few things to that.
Dirk Van de Put: There's clearly benefit for us from a weaker dollar. I'd say as you look at transactional impacts, we haven't really factored in specific opportunities there. I think we have hedges in place for the majority of our exposures. We're trying to balance that with pricing actions. So I don't see transactionally a big lever in terms of the margins. I think you'll see it in translation. We gave you those numbers for '18. But in general, there will be some benefits associated with currency that flow through margins, but we're not necessarily capturing those in how we build the plan.
Dirk Van de Put: Andrew I'll least add a little bit the number, so snacking is up to one. And to your point, fourth quarter was a bit better than that. When you look at the total business, it was in mid ones, right. So you got the cheese business, the groceries and grocery plus beverages that drag that down a bit. This is roughly a share -- a flat share plan as we lay it out. And again if that category growth is better than that again we would expect to see some upside there.
Dirk Van de Put: Leverage will clearly help, Andrew, I think as we stabilize volumes that have gotten a bit better. But I would also say that commodity currency pressures as we talked about a little bit are not there. We’re not -- as you see coco pricing has come down. I mean we do have other areas where we’re seeing commodities up. But net-net, it's not like what we've seen over the last couple of years. So we think that will help. We’ll continue to execute on a pretty robust productivity plan for '18, roughly in the range of what we've been seeing over the last couple of years. And we think we’ll be able to drop some of that through.
Dirk Van de Put: Well, first of all, I'm just arriving, and to make decision on these it's a pretty important decision. And on topics difficult to read what exactly is going on, we’re seeing the issues that we've been having. Overall, I think it's a powerful asset for our U.S. biscuit business. And so I do want to take some time to go through this and study and see what the cost benefit equitation is for or keeping it or getting out of it. So it's part of our strategic review. We hope to have clarity near the middle of the year. But from my perspective, it’s a bit early to make a decision on that.
Dirk Van de Put: David, it's really -- I mean the malware incident and the specific issues related to that were cleared up as we work through into the fourth quarter. It's just the supply chain really catching up. We've had some specific products where we were unable to build the inventory levels we needed to that move through the year-end and the surge of demand we saw. We've seen good overall consumption trends in that business that it put more pressure on the supply chain. And to be honest, we just have to catch up and rebuild some of the stock levels. That's really the priority for us.
Dirk Van de Put: David, I would say in general, we feel pretty good about it. U.S. chocolate had a very good year. We're pleased with the momentum there, velocity is good, repeat rates have been good, display activity is up, more to do there as we invest and bring some new products to market. Some of the other products that are more renovations and updating of our product lines in North America have also done well and as expected. Véa is generally in line with expectations. As you know, it's a new brand. It takes a little bit of time to build brand awareness and consumer trial has been an important focus for us. It's highly incremental and I think we feel pretty good about it. But these things take a bit of time to get scale. But in general, the innovation pipeline is pretty good. For '18, continued focus on renovation. There'll be some more renovation as we move through the summer across the biscuits portfolio. There'll be a couple of things we do in gum this year. But continuous to be a focus area for us and we're investing to keep the innovation pipeline going.
Dirk Van de Put: On the first part, Chris, I mean we continue to have margin opportunity in North America. We under-delivered on our commitments this year in terms of margin expansion for North America. However, it's still our highest margin business for the year as you look at comparable OI margins across the regions. Malware was the biggest driver frankly of some of that execution, not only around the top line but around cost. And it was a distraction to the team as the work in the supply chain had to move off of some of the cost programs and into getting in case fill rates back where they needed to be. We did have negative volume leverage in the year and that was a bit of a pressure. So it's still -- yes, the answer is yes. We’ll still see margin expansion in North America. We have a robust productivity opportunity there. Volume leverage again will help as we get that business back to growth. So yes, I think it's still an opportunity to do better even in the rates we have today.
Dirk Van de Put: There's no craft license impact in '18. There's a tiny one it's relatively small later in the year. We're down as you know with a couple of the transactions that we've executed. We're down in the range of a little more than $200 million of revenue from these long term licenses that ultimately go back. The majority of that goes back in the 2020 timeframe. And the broader question around SKU rationalization, there's still SKU rationalization. There is still some of that work going on. I’d say it's a smaller focus now. We've made great progress there and feel pretty good about where we are. We’re down in the range of less than 23,000 SKUs. We started over little close to 75,000, so not much in the way of impacting the '18 numbers.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, it's been a bit of a mix. I mean we've had some specific SKUs where we've had shortages. We clearly had to do a fair amount of expediting, which is one of the challenges as I said in the margins. But as you look at some of the more recent data, I would just say we’re catching up in some of that. So again, feeling better, I think it will take a little while to get back completely to normal. And we’re having to still invest in some cost to expedite, but that's really the story.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, maybe the second part first. I think gum is the biggest. I don’t think it's not a new issue. I mean, we've been fighting that negative trend as you look at the last couple or even probably look couple of years maybe even longer. So we’re planning the business in a way that doesn’t expect the miracle to happen on gum. I think as you look at where we’re investing and trying to drive mix, we've got a priority focus in the regions around more effectively managing that and making sure we invest to drive improved mix. So yes, I don’t expect the environment to change a lot and that dynamic to change. But again, it's something we're counting on as we build the plans. In terms of commodity trends, we all talk about coco and the fact that that's down over the last six to nine months. But as you would expect, we haven't necessarily seen that help given the hedging and inventory positions in coco. So that will begin to play out really not even in the first quarter but after that we’ll start to see some favorability. That's obviously a discussion with customers it’s a big part of our chocolate dialogue around pricing as we have negotiations, so we won't necessarily pocket all of that. And then for us remember that other commodities have moved to the opposite direction. Dairy has been a big headwind for us this year. So both cocoa and dairy were negative and they hurt us in 2017. And dairy is even a bigger buy for us now than cocoa, packaging, transportation are other areas where there's pressure. So I would say in aggregate if you look at '18, I don't see commodity deflation as a net positive but it's not a big negative. It was a negative in 2017 and we had to price for that, we had to cover that and we didn't quite do that everywhere.
Dirk Van de Put: Alexia, we’ll continue to reevaluate that. I mean we've -- as you know, we did a bit extra in '17. It was driven by the availability cash from some of the divestitures that we did. We’ll continue to look at it over the course of the year. And as you know, we've done more than we would have said in the outlooks for the last few years.
Dirk Van de Put: I would say that certainly we’ll have a look at it. We need to see how much leeway we have to do that, because we do have to stabilize our North American situation first and that's priority number one. We are going through an analysis where we are looking at what we think the opportunities are that we have in emerging markets and how we could capture those, what type of investments would it need. We’re trying to do that as fast as we can. But if anything, I wouldn’t expect us to make big moves in the beginning of the year, maybe towards the end, we will have more clarity on what is possible for us.
Brian Gladden: Bryan, I would just say, we’re being thoughtful as Dirk says and I’d say careful with the top line, would admit that there should be some upside. And as we look at the dynamics, we want to see a couple of things. First, North America is stabilizing and second, laying out really these global category trends, they have recently improved, but I'm not sure that's it's fully sustainable and we want to see that. If the categories continue to improve, there should be revenue growth that's above what we've talked about here. We feel good about the margin expansion. It's in the range of 70 basis points. There is a good supply chain plan for the year. There would be smaller impacts that we've seen over the last few years in overheads, as ZBB and shared services play out, and as you know an improved commodity and currency environment. So we do have more run way on cost in both COGS and overheads as we look at the plan. And we'll work through this as we get through the year. We do want to invest for the long term. So we'll continue to fuel and plan investment around white spaces, innovation, renovation of our product portfolio, as well as funding appropriate levels of advertising and promotional spend, and then on double-digit EPS. Look, we feel good about that too. It’s driven by margin expansion. The coffee JVs will continue to contribute. We'll have buybacks obviously and then lower interest expense. So overall, as Dirk said, thoughtful and I’d say a balanced plan.
Brian Gladden: And Ken I would just say, I mean we clearly -- given the malware incident and then the supply chain challenges that follow that with product availability challenges. I mean, we under-delivered here versus what we expected, there’s no question. We have seen nice progress in capturing shelf space, increase displays. And in some channels, we've seen share gains but not to what we expected. We're still tracking it. There is likely some opportunities as the spring shelf resets play out and our case fill rates improved. And we’ll see the progress as we work through that over the next few months. But we will look at this as part of the strategic review, as Dirk said.
Brian Gladden: Maybe I'll start with Brazil. Brazil has been challenged for us, but it's showing some improving dynamics. I was there about three weeks ago. The currency, as you probably know, is stabilizing and the GDP has turned positive. So our Q4 revenue growth was mid single-digit, so about 5%. In chocolate the category trends are pretty strong. We’ve had 9% year-to-date. We had some share loss in Q4, because of aggressive pricing from one competitor. And in biscuit we launched choco bakery with Lacta and Milka coockies line. So that helped us to recover some of the share. So obviously on Brazil, we are cautiously optimistic. The GDP growth is improving and the currency has stabilized. Though there's still some uncertainty in Brazil, I would say. Russia, we are feeling very good about, so it grew mid single-digit in the quarter, 8.4%. The economy is showing clearly signs of progress with falling inflation. Our team is executing well. The year-to-date category growth in biscuits is 7%, it’s 5% in chocolates. We are now the number one player in chocolate. We did launch our choco bakery in Q3 and then we're off to a very strong start. So we’re encouraged in Russia because of the signs of the economic improvement and the higher oil prices, better GDP and the ruble strengthening. India very strong, we had a 27% growth in Q4, but that's of course lapping the demonetization. Still, we grew double-digits without that and overall for the year, India is up 12%. The category growth for chocolate and biscuits continues to be very strong with double-digit growth for the year. The team I think is executing very well. India, I was two weeks ago and we had some good share gain. We gained about points, a full point in chocolate over the past quarter. And so we have very strong performance in Cadbury, Dairy Milk, Silk, and a bunch of new launches. India for me is a very important market for us as the demographics are very strong. We see a growing middle class. We still have a low per capita consumption of chocolates, about 0.1 kilogram, if U.S. is 4.5 Germany is 8, and the UK is 10. So we also see that we have significant room for distribution in the traditional trade and that is something we are actively pursuing. And the GDP growth rates are pretty strong, so overall very bullish on India. And then China was little bit off for us in the last years, but they had a solid quarter. They had 1.5% growth but that was also due to the late timing of the Chinese New Year. I think we will continue to see some good news coming out of China for us. We have a number of opportunities we launched a Milka magic cup, which is a new offering in our chocolate portfolio. Ecommerce is quite big for us. We had a very successful singles day, and we grew as twice the rate of the market in ecommerce. So the ecommerce was up 30% for us. So in China, I would say we are feeling good and I think we will see some acceleration of the growth rate there in the first quarter.
Brian Gladden: What I'd say, it's about flat, David. There is puts and takes. Coco is obviously going to help, dairy is still up, packaging is up, transportation is up when you put it all together, it's about flat.
Brian Gladden: Over the last, I'd say, five or six quarters David it's been more about pricing has been driven by the hyper inflation area emerging markets. And I'd say developing or developed markets for us, pricing net-net has been relatively benign, it's been relatively flat. And there are places where we put some more promotional spend or trade spend in play and we’ve talked about that from time-to-time. But as you say, commodities and currency in those markets have been relatively uneventful and pricing has been relatively flattish. So I expect more of that. I think we’ll see pricing in general be positive, but it's driven by hyper inflation as we look at '18.
Brian Gladden: I would just say continue to thrive to strike a balance, making sure we're making appropriate best investments in the business around growth. At the same time, we have the headwind associated with the pension accounting change. We also have the headwind that -- volume growth and leverage in the P&L has not been as good as we would expect with slower category growth. So again with the progress that we made with another approximately 70 basis points of margin expansion, while we invest to get more balance in the P&L and drive some top line improvement, I think we feel like that's exactly the right plan for where we are.
Brian Gladden: I'd say on cash flow, you're right. Clearly, there's some timing. We had collections that really were due on the 30th and 31st of December, which was a Saturday and Sunday, and the majority of that showed up in the next week. So we should have a good start. And I can validate that we've seen that cash come in. The reality is we've got an incremental cash tax payment related to the U.S. tax reform that partially offsets that. We've got another one-time VAT related tax payment that we have to take. So net-net, I think it puts us about at the 2.8 and we feel good with that number. Your first question related to the backward looking OI margin. And the one thing I would call out we did have is the divestitures, which had about 20 basis points impact in the margin rates if you take that back and adjust for that, so that's the only…
Brian Gladden: Yes, I think we've made good progress. We've talked about getting to 70% of volumes for Power Brands on advantaged assets. We’re in the range of about 60% now as we exit '17, and then '18 is -- we will continue to make progress towards that goal. It really is -- the key is for us getting the volume leverage on those lines and that comes from growing the business obviously, and we've got some volume growth that we’re starting to see in some parts of the business. And then we’ll continue to take actions across the supply chain to move more production from other lines onto those lines in the future. And that will be a focus that plays out. And I mention the factor it continues to be -- '18 will be a year where we have some significant supply chain actions to do that, moving more production there. So still a lot of runway in terms of capacity on those lines in the future and that will create nice net productivity, that's one of the drivers of net productivity in 2018 that I’ve talked about.
