Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Yes, so definitely a very strong performance this quarter, but I would say already for several quarters that we have strength in our emerging markets. Our emerging markets for us are about 40% of our business, and as you said 25% growth in Q1. I think it's important also to see that there has been very strong or solid volume growth around 4%, 4.5% 5%. So it's not just the pricing. If I go a little bit through the markets, India keeps on growing at a very accelerated pace, strong double-digit, no real signs of a slowdown. Our outlook for '23 remains optimistic, and we have to invest in capacity increases, which we are doing. But as you know, it's a combination of the strength of our Cadbury and Oreo franchises who are receiving heavy support with strong innovations and as well a distribution expansion, where we still have a runway for several years to go. In China, we also have strong momentum. There we also see good share gains. We have in the past quarters been establishing Chips Ahoy! as a second biscuits brands after Oreo business as you noticed, mainly Biscuits and gum. And I think with the post-COVID period now in China, we see the confidence of the consumer going up and we're expecting a strong year in China also. Same thing as in India, heavy support in our brands, good innovations, building extra capacity and still big upside on increasing our distribution. In Mexico, we now with the acquisition of Ricolino have significantly increased our distribution power. So there we will see the distribution of Mondelez brands increasing significantly in the coming months. We also have double-digit growth in the quarters, and the whole acquisition and integration of Ricolino is on track. Then maybe adding Brazil. Brazil is also double-digit growth. We continue to see strong demand and we are expanding our distribution also in Brazil. So I would say, overall, the key markets in our emerging markets group are doing well and particularly in Latin America, I would add to that the whole economic environment is pretty strong. Important to note is that they have delivered and are delivering reported dollar growth in top and bottom line. And that the cash flow that we're generating is also very strong. So the return on our investments in emerging markets is very good. And I would say that we believe that we have a sustainable growth engine that will continue for the foreseeable future. The reasons for that we have stepped up in execution in a major way, we now for several years in a row have continued heavy reinvestment in our business. We have these distribution opportunities, and I've been mentioning and we keep on going deeper and deeper into distribution, setting up routes and presence, which are having a very good return, and we keep on doing that year-after-year. And as I've said macroeconomics in Latin America helping, and then also the gum business which during the pandemic suffered is one of the drivers of our growth in Latin America. At this stage consumer confidence is relatively strong. We have high loyalty in our brands and private label in emerging markets remains a relatively small challenge. So we continue to be very optimistic for ‘23 and beyond. We feel that we have plenty of opportunity. We have a lot of headroom for accelerated growth, I would say. The penetration of our categories is very low. The distribution runway in places like China, India, but even in places like Brazil and Mexico are high. And our brands like Oreo. Oreo, for instance is really exploding in Latin-America, but Cadbury in India, Milka that we are now launching throughout Latin America. So we see all this combined gives us the confidence that we will keep on doing well in our emerging markets.
Dirk Van de Put: Yeah, the top three from me would be, yes, for sure Europe, where we were expecting a bigger client disruption, and that did not occur in Q1. As Luca said, we are only 80% done with the price increases, and we still have some negotiations going on. We could still see part of that client disruption in Q2, but that has been included in our outlook for the year. But that's certainly significantly better than we had anticipated. The second one that I would mention is the US, whereby you see a very solid top line, but the bottom line is probably the strongest increase driven by first of all, an improvement in our supply chain, but then also very strong recovery of Clif bars profitability since the acquisition, and we expect that positive trends for North-America will continue. And the third one is probably the ongoing strength in emerging markets. I already went there, but if I compare our emerging markets sort of growth of 25%, that stands for me well above any of our colleagues. And that has been going on for several quarters now. So those would be my top three, I would say, of what's carrying the quarter for us and probably is going to carry the year for us.
Dirk Van de Put: Well. I think the recipe that we have is a strong recipe. We -- I went a little bit for instance in emerging markets through the different growth vectors that we have. But the fundamental principle is to make sure that we are well-positioned from a pricing perspective, that we continue to invest heavily in our brands, that we drive distribution, in-store presence, we work RGM. So we seem to have a recipe and a way of working that is really starting to click. So it certainly gives us confidence that we've got something going here that is very strong. What that exactly means going-forward because we are in a very particular period where last year and this year, we had to implement significant price increases. And I guess to our delight the consumer has not reacted by buying less product. They keep on buying the same or more product. But as we get through those price increases, growth will come down. We will have to see what happens with input costs going forward. So it's difficult to say, but I can certainly say that we are in durable categories that are doing particularly well in the circumstances that we are performing well, within those categories. So we feel very good about our long term algorithm. I think we have to wait a little bit to see where things will pan-out as we get through these price increases and that will be the moment to restate our long term growth algorithm. But so far. I would say very strong and we feel that we are in-line or above our long-term growth outlook algorithm for sure.
Dirk Van de Put: I think there was a slight positivity due to that. But reality is, we had been promoting less-than-optimal. And now that inventory is available, there is opportunity for us to do selective promotions and boost our brands, now that pricing is implemented. So pattern been material, I would say, and obviously in a context where you see this growth rate it is minimal, but we still have opportunities to really replenish stock more and now that we have potentially a little bit of more promotions coming, I think we are in a good position.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, thank you, Andrew, you. Clearly, as we move through the year, we will be lapping materially higher quarter than Q1 last year, which is the only one quarter we had with high single digit. I think we moved obviously sequentially to higher revenue growth throughout the year. Reality is there might be a scenario there where we exceed the 10% floor that we had guided you to in terms of both revenue and EPS, but I think while I feel quite good on the underlying trends of the business, particularly in emerging markets, the strong momentum is there and obviously, we still have headroom to accelerate to a certain extent. I think I'm very pleased obviously with the U.S. and North America, which is on an upward trend. Excellent pricing execution supply chain improving. I think the watch out is a little bit on the European side. Happy with the improved profit in Q1, which is the result of the 80% of the pricing kicking in, but profitability in Europe is still not where it should be. So the remaining 20% of the pricing that is being implemented is important. Unknowns are in relation to this further pricing that is needed, a potentially related disruption and some macro volatility. But obviously as anywhere else in the business, we continue to invest and that coupled with additional pricing that will kick in should result in top about the line. So look. I think it is very early for us to guide you to something that is materially better than what we are saying at this point, but if everything plays out we might have further opportunities. I think the other one I want to hit briefly on which is the assumptions that we're making around commodities. We still see double-digit inflation rate in 2023, with obviously energy sugar ingredient posing most of the pressure. A good part of these inflationary pressures as I reminded these audience a few times, it is due to the favorable coverage we had in 2022. But in general, overall cost are not coming down materially. The most recent spikes in terms of cocoa and sugar prices are offsetting some of the other benefits that we see. I think you might have in the back of your mind percentage margins too. I said it a few times, we continued to be obsessed with dollar growth in cash and there might be some pressure in percentage terms, particularly in the next couple of quarters, but sequentially we will be much better throughout the year and we plan to end, clearly on the gross margin percentage positivity. But reality is we've driving a strategy that has being proven to be compelling for everyone. I said this about dollar growth.
Luca Zaramella: I think all-in all, we are quite pleased with the level of pricing that we have at this point in time. If you look at the three major pricing actions, we have taken in places like the U.S., I mean that is something that you see in the P&L with the segment profit growth that we have displayed here, which is 40%. Obviously that number there is synergies coming out of the ventures. But in general, we are happy with the level of pricing. The same in emerging markets overall. You look at Latin America, you realize how disciplined we have been with pricing. The model in AMEA is slightly different in the sense that volume leverage is absolutely critical in some of these places, and so maybe we have been a little bit less aggressive on pricing than we could have been, but all in all the P&L is working very well. And I think they quoted that A&C year on year is up almost 20%. And that gives you the understanding of how much we are investing in the business and also thinking ahead out of a potential inflationary period. Where pricing is not necessarily where it should be at this point in time, it is Europe. We told you 80% is being -- has been implemented already with a little disruption compared to what we had anticipated. There is still 20% to go. But I think once you get that 20% the picture will look quite a bit different than, in fact, Europe is the biggest segment we have. And I don't want to give the impression that we were shy on pricing, quite the opposite. We have done what was necessary. But obviously in our case we want to keep volume leverage. I think looking at the 3% plus volume mix is something that is remarkable in Q1 and that leverage into the P&L and the profit dollar growth that we have shown, I think it is a winning formula, at least for us.
Luca Zaramella: Look, the simple answer to that question is we have to take out all the income that was related to KDP last year. And it was roundabout, I think post tax was $90 million give or take. We are replacing that with dividend. And the net effect between a dividend payout, which is roundabout 48% or 50% depending on the base. And the fact that we stripped out earnings last year in the tune of the $90 million, I told you is causing the headwind of $0.03. As we stated the base impact was $0.06 but year-on-year impact is due to accounting is really $0.03.
Luca Zaramella: I can tell you that sequentially the gross margin percentage albeit, I don't like talking about it, should improve throughout the year. Obviously today, if I look at gross margin and gross profit dollar growth throughout North America, Latin America, and as I said a good portion of AMEA, I'm very happy with the numbers I'm seeing. Europe is still impacted by the fact that there is 20% of pricing to go. And as we implement that the situation should sequentially improve.
Luca Zaramella: So let's start with Clif. We have announced a re-organization, Clif started from a relatively high level of SG&A We have protected and increased A&C and adding which we have been able to obtain Round about $10 million of synergy a year, given better rates that we have. There is already cost opportunities coming into the P&L in the area of selling and administration. The new organization is already in-place. The next step is really to go and get synergies in the area of COGS. So there is still quite a bit of -- a lot of opportunity, just for a reference point, as we acquired this business, the EBIT margin was not great. I think today, in Q1, particularly given the pricing, we have taken which is the other area where we brought quite a bit of discipline, the margin is just shy of 20%. So, it's quite a good outcome at this point in time. There is still more to come. We are thinking potentially about leveraging DSD and doing other things and obviously the biggest opportunity we see is establishing this brand internationally. So that hasn't started yet as a work stream. On Ricolino we just got the business. We have CSA's in-place still with Bimbo. As we implement SAP. And as we move towards the end-of-the year, that’s the moment where we will start getting SG&A costs and COGS synergies, but reality is the biggest opportunity here is to set Oreo through the system and revenue synergy can be very, very material. So there is still more to come on both platforms. And I would say in general in the other ventures, there is still work to be done. And so potential synergies coming out there too.
Luca Zaramella: It is still margin dilutive on the overall segment. But again, as we think about potential opportunities in the years to come. This is another platform that we're going to integrate into SAP in the second part of the year. I'm sure the margins will get better. Pricing has been announced for the last round, but it hasn't kicked in yet. And there is now that we have stopped more opportunities to really activate that point of sales must stop leased as we called them, i.e. the right assortment by store is an area of opportunity that we have. So I'm confident that the margins will look quite close to the U.S. business going forward.
Luca Zaramella: I mean, well. I would say that is the whole -- this is a mix going on with the price increases that we have implemented together with some of the extra costs we're seeing incurred during the pandemic to get the right service and so on. You see in the recuperation face we also promoted less than we were planning because our inventories were low. So it's quite a complex picture to exactly pinpoint how much was due to the disruption, since we have to go through all these additional effect, but certainly is the case that the headwinds have moderated quite significantly. You know about the labor markets, the logistic situation. Our external manufacturers' network has improved significantly. So a lot of the cost headwinds that we were facing have now eased. That still doesn't mean that the cost have come back. There's been significant inflation. But I would say the resulting effects from our supply chain, improve, means that our inventory levels are back to the expected level. Service-level are reaching 90%. Our own sales availability is 96%. We still have some issues in our confectionery brands where the demand is higher than anticipated, and also Clif bar the service levels have fully recuperated. So at this stage I would say that the cost effects and the top line effects have largely eased. And we can now start to function normally with higher promotional levels and cost levels that are better. But it's very difficult for us to estimate exactly what it was. But going forward, things we're doing is we are increasing our capacity. We have changed our way of working and our relationship with our external manufacturers. The Inventories are rebuilt. We have simplified our portfolio. We've increased our -- sorry our warehousing capacity on top of our manufacturing capacity and we have implemented labor strategies for attention, and an improvement in temporary labor. So I think, apart from easing the cost, we've also put in place long-term solutions for our supply chain situation. Difficult to give you the exact number, but hopefully you can feel that we're in a much better spot as it relates to our supply chain in North America.
Luca Zaramella: I don't think there is a structural ceiling in AMEA. AMEA is Quite good in terms of profitability overall. I think when you look very closely to AMEA there are a set of countries that are -- I call them cash machines. The India or the China of the regions run on profit margins that are north of the average of the company. We invest in both businesses, roundabout 15% probably and see as a percentage of revenue, which is materially higher than the average of the company and we have cash conversion cycles whereby by growing these companies, not only we get the volume leverage that runs through a very sizable and bold machine both from a manufacturing standpoint, supply chain and sales, but also on negative cash conversion cycle, the cash throughput is impressive. There are countries where we have a little bit less material scale, the likes of Southeast Asia. There are certain countries in Southeast Asia, where the business is still developing, where categories like chocolates are not well established yet. And we are investing to make these categories much bigger for us. And there I think it is a matter of time, because the scale and the volume. We are adding will get to a point where the P&L will make perfect sense. As you might imagine that in these countries, we are investing both in terms of price points and support ahead of material expansion that I think it will come. And then obviously you have countries like Australia that are again, more mature markets where volume grows and we are happy with Australia overall. But it doesn't grow high-single-digit or double-digits as in other places, and there the evolution of profitability is fair. So as you think about AMEA, very happy with the sizable markets that are doing very well. In that emerging markets, like happy with Australia, the rest is the untapped opportunity. We are looking at and we have the obligation to invest for future growth and margins. I think it will come.
Luca Zaramella: Clearly the 20% might be something that is on the high side. Now I can tell you one thing. One of the biggest differentiators of this company over the last three years, it has been level of investment. It has been quality of marketing, it has been brand support. We in the end sell brands and it is important that we keep line of sight to that. And I don't think you're going to see a consistently at 20% A&C increase, but at this point in time, where we are moving price points, where we are trying to retain and increase our consumer pools, it is important that we use these as an important accelerator of growth for years to come. And that's what it is at this point in time. When this inflationary cycle is done and good things will get more normal. I think what is a big differentiator is the level of volume and the scale, businesses are still going to have or not have. In our case, if you look consistently over the last few quarters, we have been growing volume. And there is a correlation between the level of investments we are making, both in terms of marketing and distribution. And so I don't think you're going to see consistent in 20% but realities that is still a big opportunity for us to get our brands where they belong, which is higher sales hop3rully quarter-after-quarter.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you. With that we've come through the end of the goal obviously a strong quarter. We're looking-forward at this stage to a strong year. Thank you for your attendance and. Any other questions. Please refer to Shep in the IR team which we can follow-up with. Thank you.
