Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks Dave. So to sum up, the strategic in cost reductions and actions that we announced today, underscore are determination to become a linear, more focused and more nimble global snacking power house. As our first quarter results show, we are making meaningful progress toward our margin goals, while continuing to deliver solid growth and market shares. The actions we have outlined today will sharpen our focus on snacks, simplify our operations, enhanced and accelerate our ability to deliver world class margins, provides a fuel to invest in our core snacking business to drive top tier growth and position us to deliver superior returns to our shareholders.  With that, I'd like to open it up for questions.
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually Bryan coffee continues to be a very attractive category, it's growing -- category today within our portfolio is growing at good margin. In fact the margins are actually above our Mondelēz average and we have seen terrific growth as you know in on demand in particular. But we saw a unique opportunity to combine our business, a very strong business with the DEMB portfolio. And I always think the partnership is a win-win. We received the upfront cash proceeds that we've described of approximately $5 billion after-tax. We intend to use the majority of that and as I said for share buybacks subject to our Board approval. But the balance will be used and the balance will be used for debt reduction and general corporate purposes, while still maintaining our investment grade credit rating. We also thought at the same time received a 49% interest yet a very attractive company, it’s a leading pure-play coffee company, it has a set of iconic brands with as I mentioned leading positions in over a dozen markets, it provides greater global scale and it's highly complementary in terms of the geographic footprint. All businesses come with some very unique technologies in R&D and in on-demand D.E Master Blenders have strong technology with good coffee. We're going to combine the best-of-both from a management team standpoint. We feel very good about our partners as I mentioned, they’re highly respected business executive. And if gives us the ability to focus on snacking portfolio much more directly and ensure that we have the opportunity to optimally allocate our resources. So net-net, this is the opportunity to take what is a strong business and make it even stronger, while creating great value for the both partners I believe, as well as for our shareholders.
Irene Rosenfeld: We actually see the opportunity because coffee is much more of a center of store kind of item and our snacking business tends to be more front-end and imports driven, we actually see the opportunity to focus for respective selling organizations on what they do best. It’s not unlike the kind of thinking we had as we put the North American grocery business up. So we actually are looking for these new selling organizations to be a lot more focused on their respective categories and actually we believe that will help to drive growth.
Irene Rosenfeld: It’s down about 1 or 2 percentage point there in that if you look at the configuration post transaction close.
Irene Rosenfeld: That’s one of the reasons we took the actions that we announced today is to ensure that despite what happens on our top-line even if trends continue with the same rate that we have great confidence that we can deliver on the margin target and therefore on our EPS commitments.
Irene Rosenfeld: That’s also been particularly true Eric as we shifted from roast and ground business, predominantly roast and ground business more into on demand and soluble and that’s been a trend that has been improving over the last couple of years as we have made those investments in (inaudible) for example.
Irene Rosenfeld: Eric I think you make a fair observation. I would remind you as you know our last restructuring program was in 2004 and 2008. We did deliver the targeted savings under that program but we had a business that was severely in need of reinvestment at that time. And if you recall in 2006 our shares were declining our product quality was not where it needed to be, we didn’t have an innovation pipeline. So we did reinvest most of our savings back into the business and quite frankly I would argue we have created some great value on a number of those businesses which allowed us a lot of this put off to North American grocery business and create great value for shareholders. At this point though we’re in a very different position. Our shares have now been consistently positive for a couple of years. We’ve got our investments up to where we need them to be on our snacking businesses and I have great confidence that the savings that we have laid out, you will see reflected in our P&L and exactly made the commitments today to take up the bottom end of our rates over these next couple of years and as we have said we actually see some additional upside beyond that as a consequence of the investments. With respect to how should employees react, there is a lot to absorb here, there is no question about that but our employees are committed to creating this global snacking power house that we will leave in the market place and it is clear that as the environment has changed in large measure, it was imperative that we take appropriate actions to address some of the inefficiencies in our cost structure while continuing to drive growth, if anything the number of the actions that we are describing today will certainly help our margins but will also give us the fuel to reinvest in growth. So I actually don’t take an inconsistent message, we continue to outperform our peers in most markets around the world, it’s just a more challenging environment so I think we all had imagined as we created this company 18 months ago, but net-net I have great confidence that the actions that we are taking today will make us a stronger company and increase confidence in our ability to deliver top tier financial results.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, as our global categories have slowed down particularly in the emerging markets, the need to drive best-in-class cost becomes that much more important for us to deliver on our bottom-line commitments. And so we’ve been talking about that for quite some time now. Obviously there was a big subject of discussion with our Board at our strategic plan last summer. And we’ve been working on a number of these initiatives. We shared with you the early thinking on supply chain, at back-to-school we talked to you about some of the work that we were just beginning on zero-based budgeting with respect to overhead at -- and what we’ve announced today essentially reflects the combination of those activities. Obviously the coffee transaction is something that was happening concurrent with the number of these other thoughts, but they’re highly interrelated and that’s why we have great confidence that as we take these actions together that we will be able to drive additional margin expansion sooner, while still continuing to support our franchises.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think the cost piece of it we’re committing to approximately 300 to 400 basis points improvement over these next three years, that’s a fairly substantial commitment that we’re making on the margin front and we’ve got some very strong programs behind that. We’ll continue to push as aggressively as we can, but I think the target that we’ve laid out are quite aggressive. And as we suggested, we see the opportunities as we make some of our supply chain investments to help accelerate our delivery there. That will have some benefits beyond 2016. So I think the commitments we have made today are quite aggressive. At the same time from a portfolio standpoint, this coffee transaction was a unique opportunity to create the world’s largest pure play coffee company, and we believe we have accomplished that by creating great value for both partners and creating good value for our shareholders, both today and then looking into the future. So we feel quite pleased with the overall implications of the transactions and as well as the actions that we’ve announced today.
Irene Rosenfeld: So Alexia, our emerging market business will still be about 40% of the portfolio after the transaction. The second question was…
Irene Rosenfeld: And then the last question on the portfolio, as I said coffee is a very unique opportunity for us to create value and we are not going to get into any other hypothetical at this point in time.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think we've seen some -- a number of good returns on the investments that we made particularly in a number of our markets last year as we thought at that time, we make some investments in route to market in Brazil, in Russia and in India and we've seen great paybacks there. But one place we saw less of a return, has been in China and as we talked, we have pulled back quite a bit from some of those investments. So, we continue to look at these markets on a pay as you go basis. We're monitoring whether or not, we're getting the return as we make investments in areas like route to market. But we have a strong desire to make sure that we are creating the necessary investments in our infrastructure to enable us to benefit as the markets recover. So, I think we've got the right balance here between continuing to make investments that deliver attractive returns while ensuring showing that we're not overinvesting if the markets are not responding as well. So, we keep a very close eye on that.
Irene Rosenfeld: As you can imagine, we are in a position to be able to make a lot of statements about the combined company going forward. But I will tell you, as I think our approaches to the business are quite well aligned and that's why we see great opportunity and we're pleased to have a 49% of the combined company going forward.
Dave Brearton: Yes, I think on the valuation, if you look at it in a lot ways, I mean [carefully] we're putting in our business and so it's more about the upside of the two businesses combined that’s going to generate the value for this business. I don't think -- it’s just kind of complicated when you saw joint ventures I don't think we'll get into that. But I think you’ve seen the multiple that D.E Master Blenders was purchase at and I think clearly that was one other consideration as we put our business into that. In terms of cash flow, today the coffee cash flow obviously is part of our ongoing free cash flow and as Irene mentioned OI margin is above the average of our business, so it’s pretty healthy cash flow. That we obviously lose. We’re going to pick up $5 billion upfront and then the ongoing cash flow will come from dividends. And actually we filed an 8-K this morning along with the press release and you can see the dividend specifics in there. But it’s a relatively fixed amount for the first three years and then it’s tied to net operating profit thereafter. So, we’ll get a dividend instead of the ongoing cash flow of our business. Clearly that will be a lower number in aggregate but we get $5 billion upfront in cash.
Dave Brearton: Yes. I think when you look at that page, the red bar there, it isn’t so much about stranded overheads; it’s just that as Irene mentioned earlier the OI margin on coffee is higher than the Mondelēz average. So it has a small decrement to our average OI margin. I think the stranded overhead piece is actually quite small. Most of the people in the overheads that are associated with our coffee business today will transfer over to the new company. There will be some stranded overheads but it’s relatively small and it would be taken out through the restructuring program that we’ve talked about today as well. As it relates to 2015 margins, we didn’t give you a margin target for 2015 today, mostly because it’s going to be tied largely to the timing of the closing of coffee transaction, the progress we make on the work councils and union discussions. But this year, we’ll be in the high 12s in our OI margin. In 2016, we’ll be between ‘15 and ‘16. And we’d expect to make measurable progress towards that 2016 goal next year. So, it’s hard for me to give you guidance specifically on 2015 given some of the timings things that I can’t predict today but we’ll make measurable progress.
Dave Brearton: Yes, I think it’s really because of the structure of the transaction we’ve talked about today. As we create the new company, the two businesses are highly complementary but aren’t that many countries where we have major overlaps. So in a place like Russia, we’re going to be carving out a coffee sales force for the new company and providing that to the new company. So that’s the biggest difference from what you would have expected from the sale transaction because it’s the new company that we’re partnering with, we can contribute most of the people and the overheads and cash to that new company. And because it’s largely complementary in terms of geography, it’s -- they’re going to need most of those costs. So that’s really what’s different versus the historical factors as we have had. But you’re right, a lot of the countries have combined sales forces today, so that’s an exercise we need to go through over the next years.
Dave Brearton: Yes, the revenue growth we have given was essentially [pricing] category growth rate, I think both are revenue and the category will reflect a lot more pricing this year and probably a lot more -- a lot less volume mix growth. So that’s difficult when you have price taken increases. In terms of the pricing so far, it’s a bit early to tell, we are putting a lot of the pricing in emerging markets early in the first quarter. And as I mentioned a few minutes ago, competitors some have followed, some have not. But I think its common into industry, I would expect it to come through. Europe is a little bit later, because it takes a while to negotiate the price increases with the trade in Europe. So, we're not going to see the full benefit of that come through until Q2. So, it's a bit early to tell, but I think historically when we've had commodity increases that are common to industry, we've been able to price away those costs. And so I would expect that it will come through as we're planning this year.
Dave Brearton: I think it is -- you are correct, the first quarter had 40 basis points of an Easter impact and about 60 basis points of coffee. I think the coffee we expect to continue in the second quarter. I think the -- we did say, we would expect some positive bounce in as coffee goes from being a headwind to potentially even a tailwind in the back half. But I think the flip side of that is as you mentioned, there could be some disruption from some of the strategic initiatives we put in place. And frankly, we're just being prudent. The category has grown over the last two quarters now around 3%. And so we felt it was prudent to not count on a terrific turnaround and to plan on that for the balance of the quarter. So, it's not just a quarter one comment, it's been six months now of about 3% category growth.
Dave Brearton: I think it will flow through pretty steadily. The upfront yeas will be more overhead less supply chain, the later years will be more supply chain, because that takes a little longer to get underway. So, I don't think you'll see a massive skew. I wouldn't expect a huge impact this year though.
Dave Brearton: I think we haven’t given a specific margin target beyond 2016, mostly because it’s quite away from now. But we have said we’ll be 15% to 16% in 2016 as an OI margin and the savings that are going to come beyond that in 2017 and ‘18 should allow us to continue to make margin progress in ‘17 and ‘18. And obviously we’ll continue to invest in our businesses just to drive growth while we are doing all of that through that entire prior period.
Dave Brearton: I think you have to define what normal coffee costs are. I think 1.20 two months ago was actually not far off the 10 year average, 2 bucks is obviously pretty high and you are absolutely correct though the revenue creates a bigger denominator if green coffee goes up and reduce that margin. But I think it has been historically pretty consistently higher OI margin than the rest of our business.
Dave Brearton: Yes. I don't want to get too much into the financing of the new company. But if you look at the 8-K we issued today. I have highlighted that we're taking out 4 billion euros which is the $5 billion we referred to. And the [JAB] folks are talking out €2.5 billion and I think any all the financing of that would be in the new company, it will be nothing at our level or above that.
Dave Brearton: Yes, I think as we said today, we think the new company will have margins in the high teens on the EBITDA level, we haven't given any cost synergy numbers. I think I would say that some of the excitement of this business is that it’s highly complementary both in technology as well as geographic platforms in brand. So, I would say the revenue synergies frankly are as exciting of any cost synergies that could come out of it. And as I mentioned earlier, on line of the countries that our business is in, they are not and vice-versa So, I think this is as much about being a global pure play coffee company as it is about traditional synergies.
Dave Brearton: I would say that I'm not going to get into specifics of the new company's business plan, but I would say that as we talk about accretion of the first full year that reflects the cash we received and assuming the majority of that cash goes to buy back shares with a substantial portion potentially for debt pay down as well. So, I think that's more driver and the fact that we will be consolidating 49% of the net income of the company as minority interest position within our earnings per share number. So that's way that really comes from.
Dave Brearton: It varies a lot. I mean in Europe obviously the pricing to recover the cocoa and dairy cost and most recently not costs. And those costs, those price increases were negotiated in the first quarter and we've got those lined up, but they really didn't impact our revenue until late in March. So you'll see those kind of flow through in the second quarter. I really don't want to get into net price increases, because frankly that gets into trade deals and other things. In the emerging market is much higher, because not only a recovery in cocoa and dairy, we’re also cutting the currency impact in most of those countries. So you're looking at price increases in emerging markets anywhere from high single-digits to mid-teens it depends on the country. So it's fairly significant in emerging market. Those mostly were put in place in the first quarter and they're playing through and I would expect that those are on the shelf in most of those countries obviously that are there today.
Dave Brearton: It’s not just regulatory approval, it’s also the works council consultations that we need to go through in Europe. So as with any transaction like this, you need to consult with the works councils and you need to complete those consultations before you can close the transaction on the case of absence where you can actually accept the offer. So there is a process we need to follow. We went through the same process when we bought the biscuit business from the Danone. So we understand that process pretty well. And it’s just a question of timing. So it will be sometime in the course of 2015 and that’s why we have been a bit reluctant to give a specific guidance for next year and we have really focused on this year in 2016.
Dave Brearton: Yes, I think if you go back over the last two years we have been pretty consistently strong and shares across all other region. So this is an aberration, but as I mentioned a few minutes ago, we took pricing in the first quarter and in most of those markets we are the price leader. And so we have priced to recover commodity and ForEx impacts within our cost. And we’ve successfully done that through. Some of our competitors are lagging those price increases. But in the end these are all common to industry cost increases. So I would be surprised if they don’t eventually come up. So I would expect that to normalize. It’s fairly typical when we are in the price increase environment; price leader takes a bit of it after the first few months.
Dave Brearton: The margin, the 15% to 16% margin already takes out coffee, so there is a small coffee decrement that goes in there because coffee has higher margins the rest of portfolio but that’s more than aid up by the savings on the restructuring program.
