Dirk Van de Put: Yes, Ken. I mean you see that the category is slowing down and that we are losing a little bit of share. I think everybody knows that the consumer is sort of seeing a number of things: the persistent inflation, there is the high interest rate, there is the loss of the SNAP, and there's also the recent not-so-great job market. So consumer confidence, which was so and so up to today, I think now we just learned that it took a real dive this month.  We see in our categories, the elasticity is really going up. Penetration is still pretty good, but people are much more cautious about price points. The frequency is coming down, particularly with the lower income consumers and particularly the brands that are important for them. Like Chips Ahoy!, we can see that they're losing some market share to private label. There is, as I just said, some trade-down to private label. And then another thing to keep in mind is that there's some big channel shifts taking place to club or online or into the value channel. So what are we doing about it? The first thing is that we, last year, didn't have a great performance in TDP. So going forward, we are increasing our TDPs, which will help our volumes going forward and our market share. For those lower income consumers who are buying very carefully and evaluating very carefully when and what and at which price they buy, we will need to become more agile in the promo mechanisms that we will play out, and we're working hard on finding what works best for us. And this is kind of different, brand by brand and largely talking about what we do on our base packs here.  We will continue to invest in our brands because we increased prices also in March, so we will increase our investment. We are launching a number of special packs, a number of additional multipacks. But also, for instance, in CLIF, we are reducing the size of our multipacks from 6 to 5 or from 12 to 10 units in a multipack, which will help the price points we're selling it. And so that gives you a little bit of an idea of what we are planning to do going forward. We assume that in the second half of the year, the consumers will have a better confidence and that we will see gradually the volume and the market shares to come back. 
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, just to situate, about 40% of our sales growth in emerging markets was about 8% in Q1. We are seeing growth in reported dollars, top and bottom line, so solid, robust performance. If I look at the different markets, China, we had low double-digit growth with strong share gains. You know that China for us is a combination of selling more in the stores where we already are but also a big drive in distribution. That will continue for the rest of the year. And we expect that China will be strong. India, we had high single digits. Same sort of dynamics, continue to increase our share in the market and increasing our distribution. India probably won't show the same amount of growth that we've seen in previous years, we expect a bit of a slowdown there, but still expecting a positive year in India. Then Mexico, Luca already commented, Mexico was low single digits driven by some issues with the system implementation in merging Ricolino with our business, but we are gaining shares. Our offtake is good. We had some issues in supplying the market. And now that the system is done, we will really start to work that route to market expansion. So we're expecting, once we get through these short-term issues, that we will see some strong growth in Mexico. And then Brazil was mid-single digits, gaining share, a pretty good gain in distribution, price points are a bit of a discussion there. But we also expect Brazil to look pretty good. So in the 4 biggest emerging markets for us, we feel pretty good about where they are and what we expect for the rest of the year. There are some watch-outs. There is inflationary pressure in Nigeria, Pakistan, Egypt. In the Middle East and Southeast Asia, we have the boycotts of Western products that are affecting us. So not everything is great. But we do believe that emerging markets this year will be giving us sustainable growth. We will get back to volume growth. We feel that the low category penetration that we have and the distribution opportunity that we have will drive this. I think we are also gradually getting into the adjacencies. And we are able at this stage to continue our virtuous investment cycle where we continue to increase our investment every year. We get good growth. We generate more margin and the year after, we increase our investment. So overall, it's not going to be an incredible year in emerging markets, but it's going to be a very solid year for us in emerging markets. 
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So of course, it does help in the sense that so far, the elasticity is relatively benign. We've got a good performance. Despite some disruptions, growth has been solid, I would say, and we have increased our market share. We do have to take into account that Easter came earlier. We had a very strong Easter from our side, but it came early. So some of the numbers you're seeing are influenced versus last year, we didn't have an earlier Easter. But overall, I would say that this certainly is better than you would have expected.  It shouldn't be a surprise in a way because we know that the chocolate market can be very resilient. We also are continuing to invest quite heavily. And consumer confidence in Europe, I would say, is stable. There is some uptick in elasticity. But overall, it's is better than you would have expected and maybe even a little bit more positive than what we currently are seeing in U.S. Going forward, I think it helps to see a strong category that we are performing well. Of course, the retailers see the cocoa pricing as well as we do. So it will help the discussions going forward. I wouldn't say that it's going to be simple, but there will be an understanding that if cocoa prices remain relatively high, that there will need to be more price increases that need to be implemented. And I think we're helped by the data that we can provide. And we also have to see what's going to happen with elasticity going forward as the new chocolate prices get implemented because when you have seasonal like Easter, the consumer not necessarily is fully aware of the price difference. When they start to see their tablet now in the normal shelf, that's when they will fully realize elasticity. So we will need to see where that is heading. But overall, yes, very positive on what is going on with chocolate in Europe. 
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. I would say, first of all, as it relates to the client negotiations, they largely are going exactly as we would have expected. As we knew that we had increased prices, we foresee that in our forecast for the year. And at the moment, it's playing out as expected. As Luca mentioned, there's still one buying group that we need to finish. Hopefully, we will do that in the coming weeks. And then we should be done for a while. As it relates to the current situation in Europe, obviously, there will be a recuperation because we have not been delivering for a while with some clients. And as we get agreements, we start to fill the pipeline again. So that will help us. But overall, I would say that we are not expecting to see for the full year a big difference in our European performance. We're not expecting to see an upside. We are convinced that we have more stability, we feel more assured about delivering what we are expecting to deliver in Europe, but we're not counting yet on an upside for the year. 
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, I would say that if you look at the market share evolution, the brand that's most affected is Chips Ahoy!, and Chips Ahoy! is the most susceptible to private label. And OREO or a belVita are gaining market share. And so I would say if there's anything that's pointing -- I wouldn't call it necessarily not susceptible to elasticity. We see some elasticity on those brands, too. But overall, the activations that we have and the interest we're getting from the consumer on those 2 brands offset the elasticity effect that we're having. As it relates to what we need to do going forward, it's largely now trying to figure out in which way can we get the frequency, particularly from the lower income consumer that we would like to see. So price points certainly play a role, and we will need to work short term with promotions; longer term, probably working on the size of our packs to make sure that we hit those right price points. Because if we see anything in the elasticity, it is that we have surpassed certain price points and that is having a big effect. Now I would say that movement is happening already. So that's what we gradually will expect to improve in the coming months, i.e., that our promotional and pricing strategy gets better, that we understand better how to get the frequency and the volume from the consumer. I'm also expecting that the overall consumer confidence in the second half of the year will improve. That will have an effect for us. There is a lapping effect. Last year, we had 16% growth in North America. Of course, that plays a role. The lapping later in the year will be easier. Those are the things that I would see that make me believe that the second half of the year will look better for us in North America. 
Dirk Van de Put: Well, thank you for assisting in the call. I will conclude with saying that we had a solid first quarter, and we feel confident for the rest of the year that we will have an on-algorithm year. And looking forward, if you have any questions, our IR department will be happy to help you. And looking forward to see you next quarter for the results that we have then. Thank you. 
Luca Zaramella: I don't think that's necessarily the case, Ken. I mean we feel good about reaffirming at this point our original guidance for 2024. And while it is true that the biscuit category in the U.S. is a little bit softer, we are overall happy with most of the dynamics we see around the world. Importantly, for us, Chinese New Year and Easter were quite good. And these are critical consumption events for us, but you should expect categories to continue their trends into Q2 and the latter part of the year. I want to spend a minute talking about pricing. We are at this point, in total, where we should be. We have implemented the price that we targeted everywhere, including Europe. We still have one main customer to finalize in Europe, which is leading to some disruption in Q2. So you should expect that. But overall, in terms of pricing, we are where we had anticipated to be by now. Inflation is, in total, in line with what we expected. And by now, we have locked cocoa for the entirety of 2024. So we have quite a good visibility on cost. I would have a special call-out here because cocoa costs will escalate throughout the year, particularly in the second half. The acquisitions, we started a little bit softer than expected, particularly in CLIF, and I called out some temporary issues in Ricolino, but you should see a sequential improvement throughout the year. Maybe another couple of points to bear in mind. Elasticities are planned in line with what we have seen in Q1, but we might see a little bit of an uptick, particularly in chocolate. But as we mentioned a few times, we will continue to support our brands. And we will not vacate critical price points, particularly in emerging markets. And we have planned for the same type of softness that we have seen in Q1 as far as the biscuit category goes. But we would expect our share to improve over time as we are revisiting some of the promo mechanics, particularly around brands like Chips Ahoy!. I mentioned that Ricolino is already recovering. So we should see good growth in Latin America going forward.  And finally, as far as earnings call, we continue to make progress in removing stranded costs related to the gum business. So I don't expect any particular change in dynamics into Q2 specifically, but we should see, particularly on volume, some sequential improvement as we go through the year, as we land some of the price negotiations, particularly in Europe. 
Luca Zaramella: That's a very good question. So we truly believe that current cocoa prices are the results of a series of accidental circumstances that over time, we believe, should go away. I think you all know that the main crop last year was problematic. But as you might have read from multiple sources, the mid-crop is already looking much better. But also on the other side, on the demand side, the industry went a little bit shorter than usual on coverage and now, by out of necessity to replenish minimum stocks, really provide support to the current high prices. I think in this context, we truly believe that the current market structure does not warrant the current market prices. And so the question becomes when is the correction going to take place. And most likely, the answer is in September, October as the data for the new crop becomes available. We cannot stay still until then. We will have to protect ourselves. But our implementation strategy for 2025 is around flexibility. And so we are putting in place very flexible structures, namely pure vanilla call options. We bought a few where price of those options was very affordable, I would say, particularly in light of today's prices. But we are putting in place multiple structures that would allow us to participate in a potential market correction. So you're absolutely right. We believe the market is overreacting. The current prices are not sustainable. And should the correction happen, which we expect towards the end of Q3, most likely, we will be ready to take advantage of lower prices. Now I don't want to give you the false impression that we are not going to have inflation in cocoa in '25 because reality is, in 2024, we are covered at materially better prices than current market. So you might want to take a look at the total mark-to-market in the noncash to adjusted GAAP results. 
Luca Zaramella: Yes. So as I said, both in the prepared remarks and in my first answer to Ken's question, we are very happy with the level of pricing we have taken so far. And so we are absolutely on plan. On the cost side, I commented about the fact that the cocoa price escalation will be more visible in the second part of the year. So I'm not sure you will continue seeing the type of gross profit dollar expansion and gross margin that you saw in Q1 into the second half because the cocoa prices will hit a little bit harder particularly in Q4. So I wouldn't read too much into that. I think the way you have to think about it is, are we happy with expanding gross profit dollars almost 12%? Absolutely. Are we happy with the reported dollar gross profit that we see? Absolutely. We are pricing in a very disciplined manner around the world. We are doing RGMs. So that is bearing its fruit. But you're going to see some compression, particularly in Q4. So don't expect like 2.5 points of gross profit expansion from now to the end of the year for sure. 
Luca Zaramella: Yes, I believe it's absolutely critical for us to get ready for potentially cocoa staying at these levels. I just want, though, to call out one thing, which is the forward curve for cocoa is heavily inverted. And that means in general that even today, we could potentially get physical coverage into '25 but at cheaper prices than the current spot price that we see today. But rest assured that as a company, we are looking at all possible scenarios. And as a matter of fact, we are taking a fresher look at some of the costs we have, making sure that we try to understand the level of flexibility that we have. We are looking thoroughly into additional RGM.  We will stay absolutely true to the concept of protecting price point, particularly in emerging markets. We are not going to move the LUP, low unit price, points in India, for instance. But we will be looking into potential RGM in terms of promo, in terms of downsizing, et cetera, so to say that we will have to make sure that elasticity stays in control. In the end, we are going to be managing '25 in light of what we think a more plausible cocoa level is, despite the fact that it might still be very high because we fundamentally believe that in a couple of years' time, tops, the cocoa price will correct. And at that point in time, we will have to have retained our volume, our share, our competitive advantage both in developed and in emerging markets. And that's the way we are looking at these. But rest assured, we are looking at all possible scenarios, and we're going to be sitting down soon with the teams to make sure that we put in place already all the possible actions that would allow us to go through a potential worst-case scenario in 2025. 
Luca Zaramella: Yes, I think that's fair. I mean when you look closely at the numbers, Ivory Coast and Ghana, the main crop was down year-on-year about 20%. The total cocoa supply was positive as it were. In total, it was down minus 10%. Do I expect the main crop to be down 20% in Africa or 10% in total again? I don't think that's a plausible scenario at this point in time. But as I said, we will know more as we get closer to the main crop. But fundamentally, nothing has really happened that structurally impairs the production capability of Africa specifically to that level. So yes, I'm hopeful that there will be a better main crop, and I think you will see prices for cocoa adjusting. Having said that, we are looking into all possible scenarios, and we're going to be implementing some opportunities that we see before year-end. But we'll have to wait for us to be able to tell you what those are. And I think as we move throughout the year, we'll keep you updated on what we see for cocoa into 2025. 
Luca Zaramella: Look, the volume piece is we expect volume to be flattish for the year. Reality is, as we gave guidance, we had a little bit of headroom, as you might expect. I think that headroom is still, for the most part, there. We'll have to see how a couple of ticket items play out for the remainder of the year, particularly the boycott in AMEA as it relates to some of our brands, how will that play out in the quarters to come.  And the other thing is the share recovery, particularly in the U.S. I feel confident about the plans that the U.S. is putting in place. I think we are moving a little bit the price point of Chips Ahoy!, and that would allow us to recuperate share and volume. And Chips Ahoy! is the #1 driver of the volume declines that you see in the North American segment. But then we will have to see how elasticity plays out as well. I feel quite good about the Latin American business. As I called out, I think 3 out of the 4 business units, and the only one that is declining in volume in real terms, is Argentina. But the other 3 are doing quite well. We feel good about China. I think India, we're going to see some slowdowns. But all in all, it should be fine. And then I could go around the globe and tell you that reality is once we land the final customer in Europe, we hopefully see some reviving of the trade stock. And hopefully, the chocolate market will continue displaying acceptable elasticity. So a long answer to say expect flattish volume, but in reality, there are some puts and takes and we want to keep some flexibility within the plan. 
