Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah, Andrew, there's no question we are seeing our price gaps narrow, as we had expected. And as we said in our Q2 call, we do expect vol/mix to improve sequentially in the second half. Our underlying business is performing quite well. We're seeing some very encouraging signs as we look at chocolate in the EU, we look at biscuits in North America, we look at chocolate in India, for example. The factor that really impacted Q3 – there's really two. The first is that we did have to take some additional pricing in markets like Brazil and Russia in response to the significant devaluations of their currencies. And that just created another elasticity impact, which just put a little bit more pressure – again, in the near term – on vol/mix. And then the second is just, for the luck of the draw, we had a big heat wave this summer in Continental Europe, and that did have an impact on our chocolate business, so that as we were starting to see those gaps close and make the necessary investments, the impact of those investments just took a little bit longer than we anticipated. Net-net, we would expect that we should see continued revenue growth and share improvement as we make the investments focused in the key areas I've described and as we exit the year.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, first of all, Rob, I would say that our performance in Brazil has been quite strong in the face of some really significant macroeconomic challenges. We've actually grown or held share in all of our categories there. So, as we think about the challenges in chocolate, in many respects, 40% of our chocolate business is in Europe, and I've been clear about what some of the issues were there. Nestle did say in their call, as you said, that they did not price, but the facts are, as you start to look at individual SKUs, we are seeing movement. So we continue to monitor each of these key categories in our key markets very carefully, and if we need to continue to supplement some of our investments in these markets, as we did in the U.K. and to some extent in Germany, we will continue to do that. But for now Brazil actually has held up remarkably well, growing in the low to mid-single digits in the face of some very significant challenges. But, most importantly, we are holding or growing our shares in all of our categories there.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah, but again, Rob, we've got some very clear benchmarks with respect to those gaps. We are seeing them close around the world. The speed at which they close varies a little bit market to market, but I'm quite confident that we are managing the right balance between the margin expansion and driving growth, for today and for the future.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No, actually, as we've said, Chris, we're going to make steady investments in A&C, as we see the good returns coming from those investments. We're up significantly versus prior year, and we will be for the full year. But we have said that our target for the long term is approximately 10% of revenue, and slowly but surely we're making our way to those levels. But the good news is, we are starting to already see the impact of the investments as a means of backstopping pricing and continuing to build our brand equity. So it's up quite significantly. It will continue to grow, as we have the affordability and as we see strong returns.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Actually, not yet, Chris. The route-to-market investments we're making today are high-return opportunities to expand distribution on proven categories and brands in key markets. And so we've talked about the investments we're making behind merchandising support, things like visi-coolers that help us in markets like India, improving our penetration in rural India. As we look at China, we're continuing to expand our traditional trade penetration in tier 1 and tier 2 cities and then expanding into tier 3 and tier 4 cities. Brazil, we continue to see the North/Northeast as a ripe area for investment. So these are near-in, high payback kinds of route-to-market investments. That said, we still see white-space opportunities for us to take our categories to new markets. And obviously gum in China is a great example, biscuits in India, for example. But as we look at our emerging markets, virtually all of them are one- or two-category markets. And it would be our expectation over time that we will be able to see all of our categories in each of our key markets, and that's what gives us great confidence as we think about the runway of growth opportunities.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Absolutely, Bryan. That's exactly the way to read it. This is not about a global sales consolidation. We believe very strongly that the right aggregation needs to be at the regional level, but think of it more as a center of excellence, the opportunity to take best practices from one market to another. So in addition to making sure that the terrific growth agenda that Mark and his team laid out is now executed through our regions, we do see additional opportunities to capture best practices in terms of execution at point of sale, as well as building our capabilities in areas like trade optimization, as you suggest. So all of those things, I believe, will just help to further strengthen what has been very strong commercial execution.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: We do see that as a big opportunity, and I think you'll be hearing more about that as time goes on. Obviously, the challenge in any of those decisions is getting the right balance between revenue and trade spending. Our goal is to try to find a way to make the dollars we're spending work harder for us. But that is a focus, and we do see that as an opportunity.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah, I guess, Eric, it's a fair question. But I would tell you that the impact on our volume is uppermost in our mind. But we constantly are evaluating the opportunity to make sure that the margins of these various franchises are attractive enough to warrant the investment, while recognizing that we do create some dislocation. We are leading pricing in most of these markets, and in markets like Russia, for example, we priced three times in the course of this year in response to the significant and rapid devaluation of the ruble. So I feel very good that we are managing to get our margins and protect our margins where they need to be. We are spending back as appropriate. And as I said in response to the earlier question, the aggregate Q3 results mask some of the impact that our spending is having. Take chocolate in Europe, for example. We chose to delay some of that spending until September, rather than into the summer, because of the fact that we had an unusually hot summer. And therefore it's not a surprise that it is just starting to have an impact now. So I think if you start to look at our shares over the last four-week period, we're seeing a very strong response as the categories in a number of these markets are now growing. You think about markets like India, for example. Think about the U.K., our latest 12-week share is up 1.3 points after share losses up until that point. The latest four weeks were up 3.6 points. So we're seeing very strong indications that we're getting a good return on the A&C investments. We are carefully monitoring the volume-pricing relationship, because as you rightly point out, fixed-cost absorption is important to us. But in the face of what we're doing, we're generating net productivity of over 3% of cost of goods sold. So I feel pretty comfortable. The algorithm is working, and we should see improved performance, particularly on shares, as we exit the year.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: So I guess the answer to the first question, Matthew, is that we are seeing the margins improve in response to our pricing actions. We are monitoring the balance very carefully. And as we've said a couple of times, the reaction that we're getting to these pricing actions is pretty much in line with our elasticity assumptions.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: But I will say, if you look at markets like Russia, where as I said we priced three times in the course of this year in response to the significant devaluation, our shares are holding up remarkably well. And the reason for that is we have continued to invest in our marketing support, as well as innovation -
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I think EEMEA, of course, is a massive case in point. So I think the volatility we're seeing there is more extreme than almost anywhere in the world. But, again, our focus is to keep our eyes on the markets, to understand where we stand from a share perspective. And, where we feel the need to supplement our investment, we're making those choices.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I don't think so, Matthew. I mean, the European retail environment is challenging. And I think we have been able to hold our own quite well. They're interested in some of the very same things that our retailers around the world are interested in: what's happening in health and wellness, what's happening on the innovation front. And as long as we continue to drive traffic to their stores, we're an important partner. I'd also tell you that we're increasing our e-commerce business with a number of partners in the U.K. who are very much at the forefront of this click-and-collect initiative that you hear about. And so I think the combination of all of those things gives us great confidence that, as we've now gotten our margins in Europe where we want them to be, that we should see a continued improvement in our overall revenue and share trends.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah. So far so good. We announced a $130 million investment last quarter in Salinas. It is one of the key drivers of our improvement in North American margins over time. And so far so good. So, as we said, most of our supply chain investments, as we think about the progress we're making in Bahrain, in China, in Europe, all around the world, we're making some very good progress on the investments that we've made, and they'll be a key driver – as Brian just said, it'll be a key driver of our performance as we go into 2016, and then into 2017-2018.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, I think, Ken, we learned our lesson the hard way. And the facts are, we're not doing anything herculean. We're simply making sure we have the data, and we are looking at it at all levels of the company on a regular basis. And I think what we discovered in markets like China, for example, it's a fairly complex supply chain, and therefore keeping our eye on the pulse of the business is critically important. I referenced Brazil and Russia in my remarks because they're volatile, and it's imperative that we monitor our inventory situation to make sure that we're keeping track of demand. So it's really not rocket science, but I have great confidence that as we continue to experience volatility in this challenging macroenvironment, that we're well-positioned to manage our businesses and continue to deliver our commitments.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, Andrew, as we've been saying, it clearly is still early days on the supply chain reinvention work and the impact of the Lines of the Future. I would say the third quarter, we've begun to see some of that, but the majority of the – we talked about 3%-plus net productivity on COGS in the quarter. The majority of that's still driven by base productivity programs. So this is still one where I think, as we've been saying, the majority of the supply chain benefits and all the Lines of the Future that we've been investing in, as you work your way through startup costs and all the things that go with bringing those lines up, it does take some time, and it's really going to be a 2016 dynamic where you start to see some of those benefits.
Brian T. Gladden: And, Rob, I would just say, you look at the currency in Brazil, the third quarter currency, it's up almost 60% year over year. And year to date, it's up 35%. I mean, it's dramatic. The only other point I'd make, Rob, is just, this is also one of the markets where we've put additional A&C, as we've seen the opportunity to reinvest in the growth side of the business.
Brian T. Gladden: And, Chris, a lot of discipline around tracking ROI around these incremental investments. And some of them, obviously, are going to work and deliver great returns, and some of them that aren't, we're paring those back quickly as we move forward. So a very detailed operating mechanism around those A&C investments.
Brian T. Gladden: We're not really updating a view for ongoing dilution or accretion. We're only three months into the JV. We don't really have any new information that would lead us to have a different view on where we see that over a long period of time. We didn't really expect much benefit from the JV as you look at the first couple quarters here. I think we do expect that their performance will improve into the fourth quarter, I'd say modestly, and then – and we move into 2016, obviously quite a bit as they execute on the integration and synergy plans. So, yeah, I mean, there clearly were specific actions that we took, both partners, heading into the close of the joint venture that moved more inventory into the trade. That was intentional to really create a buffer and allow us to feel confident that we could manage through the startup of the new systems and order management and all that went with that, the closing process. But nothing new, Eric, in terms of our view of the opportunity here and the accretion dilution at this point.
Brian T. Gladden: And, Eric, I would just say as you think about capacity and what we're doing with the supply chain, I mean, we're making real-time adjustments to the capacity, where it goes, how much is volume-related versus in some cases actually closing down capacity sooner, and pulling in some of those programs, given what's going on in the overall market in category growth and volume growth.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, I think it's a volatile market, there's no question. So, I mean, as the year has played out, it's played out differently than I think we expected. In some cases we're having to make real-time, in-quarter decisions on pricing. But the agenda, in terms of getting supply chain in the right place, in terms of getting the right products in the market, I mean, those are all the things that we're focused on. We will have a period of some easier compares given we're lapping some of that volatility in the first part of next year.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, Alexia. Look, I think these are the initiatives we've been talking about for a while when you think about overhead reductions, when you think about what we're doing with ZBB. I mean, the two big ones that we've spent time talking about, clearly a shared services model that we even mentioned in the comments today, where we're moving a significant proportion of our backroom processes around finance and HR and some other functions to outsourced partners in most cases. But that's causing significant changes in our org model and disruption around the world. But that's something that we've spent a lot of time working through a process to execute that, and we feel good about really how that's going. The second one is really moving to the category model, and that's something that we've been doing over the last, frankly, couple years. And really changing the structure of how we run the businesses at the region level and in the countries. So that is work that's been going on and, frankly, will continue as we optimize around a category-driven model. Those are the two big ones, and not really providing a lot more detail in terms of specific actions that go behind that.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, appreciate the question, David. We're obviously not going to provide an outlook for next year at this point. I would tell you your math makes sense as you think about the fourth quarter. I would tell you it's a prudent view of how we think about the fourth quarter, given the volatility that we see in the business, and some of the markets as we've called out. But it also allows us to have some flexibility around what levels we want to reinvest, and add additional A&C to the business, to get that balance between the top line and bottom line, and get some growth back. So we feel great about the progress with supply chain and shared services, as being key elements that are going to provide additional upside as we head into next year. We're at a point where we've seen pretty significant improvement. If you look at year-to-date margin improvements, it gives us confidence that that sort of a jump is reachable. So we're building on the momentum we have this year, and we'll update you on how we think about 2016 as we close out the year.
Brian T. Gladden: We've made investments in IT tools and connectivity with our channel partners and trade partners to give us that real-time visibility, which is something we haven't had, so that's been an important addition to the process.
