Dirk Van de Put: Hi, Ken. Yes, sure, with pleasure. If I maybe explain where are the share gains happening and then go a little bit into the drivers and then in what we think will happen. First of all, as we said in the presentation, we've gained share in 85% of our revenue base, so it's very broad-based. It is in biscuits. It's in chocolate. It's across the geographies, I would say, almost in every single market around the world and certainly not important markets. We see significant market share increase. For instance, biscuits China, biscuits U.S., biscuits in France, but also chocolate in the UK, chocolate Australia, chocolate India. And we also see it across smaller categories. So it's very widespread. And on top of it, we see that it's our global and our local brands. It's not just one brand. It's across our brand. And one of the interesting factors that our penetration of our brand is increasing overall, and also that we see some very good repeat of those new users. So what is the reason? I think fundamentally, during the COVID crisis there, there are three. First of all, as you alluded to, we have had a very good performing supply chain around to market. You could sort of say that not only in the U.S., but in other markets, we increased our share of the distribution points. Not so much because we increased our distribution, but customer service level and our on-shelf availability was better than our competition. And so for instance, in the U.S. or in other markets around the world, DSD is a key advantage. The other one is that we usually have sort of the strongest brands in our categories around the world. And consumers have been going back to the brands they know and trust. And so an Oreo, as an example, or a Milka or some of the other local brands that we have, have clear consumer trust. And we see that's why we see all of them increasing their share also. And then within snacking, if you look at it sort of category by category, we are in those segments within the categories that are benefiting from at-home consumption. For instance, tablets in chocolate do better than bars or better than pralines. And in biscuits, it's your more traditional biscuits that is a segment where the consumer is going to. I would say these are the three big drivers. When will they go away? Well, it's difficult to say. Supply chain, I assume that everybody is catching up on their supply chain. Although with what we are seeing in the U.S. and some other places around the world, having your supply chain perform is not as simple as it might sound. I do think that this trend to go to bigger brands and more known brands is here to stay for a while. And then the mix with the in-home consumption, I think that's going to last for a while, too. We are now clearly talking about this change to our lives continuing well into 2021. I would also like to point out that we have momentum before the crisis. We were already increasing our market share before this started. And so underlying, there is a fundamental share increase that was taking place. I also think the repeat rates of our brands of the new users, that's important to notice. And then I talked about that increase in working media with significant increases in the second half of the year, which should also give a good pull on our brand. And then I think what we're doing with our business, simplifying everything, eliminating SKUs, going to fewer innovations, all that will give us even more strength in execution. So overall, I'm pretty optimistic. I think that a big part of this market share will stick.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, I can – first of all, good to hear you, Andrew. And yes, I can certainly explain that a little bit better. First of all, as it relates to that 4.5% growth in categories, those are the measured categories. And as we, for instance, explained world travel retail is not included in the measured channels and some of the foodservice and so on. So we think that overall, the category growth is not the 4.5% seen that those are the channels that are more severely affected by COVID. As it relates to our categories and our strategy in the recession, I would say that, first of all, we look back at history, and the history has shown that over biscuits and chocolate tend to be quite durable in a downturn in developed markets, but also in emerging markets. And in fact, biscuits, in general, are not affected by the recession, and actually sometimes accelerated during the recession because, again, there is this switch to more in-home consumption which biscuits benefit from. Chocolate is a little bit more of a mixed picture. Some markets, it went down. Some markets, it went up. But overall, I would say it's also quite resilient with a very fast recovery as the recession starts to fade away. Candy was solid, very little change, and it's gum that suffers in a recession in our case, as we currently are seeing, but that's more driven by the fact that gum is an on-the-go product and that a lot of these channels have been closed. But also in a recession since, again, there's more in-home consumption, gum suffers. As it relates to the price points, I think we've done a good job around the world. I'm thinking India or Brazil or Mexico of overall, making our products quite affordable and covering all the price points. And I think we are set up now to really play in the different segments that you will see. Another thing, I think, that's important in our categories as it relates to a recession, is that private label penetration, particularly in emerging markets, is very limited compared to other food categories. So let's say that we were expecting the categories to grow about 3% pre-crisis. It maybe that they slowed down slightly. But I think together with our market share gains and the opportunities that we have as it relates to adjacencies to our categories, we should be able to get to that level as you were talking about. I also think internally, we are stronger. We have invested more in our brands. I think our brands today are stronger than they were two, three years ago. We are modernizing our portfolio. We have communications that are more effective. Execution is good. In the past, our execution was maybe sometimes not as great. Now supplies in North America is an example for us. And so I don't see us as a company not being able to deal with the recession. I think we can enter it with a position of strength as it relates to execution and being present. And so I believe that overall, we have work to do, don't get me wrong. For instance, we are working quite hard on what we call revenue growth management to make sure that we get the right price points completely squared away. A lot of price pack architecture, understanding what will happen in the different channels, so all the business units are hard at work to prepare for that. But I do think that we are set up to do well. And if we can keep the momentum going on our market share, I would agree with you. I don't see a reason why we cannot deliver against our long-term algorithm.
Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Well, I would say that the reason of the increased sales in the U.S. is driven by the Biscuit segment, and the Biscuit segment is heavily influenced by in-home consumption. And as long as the consumer will be more at-home and more consuming at-home, I think we will see an increase in our sales in the U.S. versus previous year. Of course, in the beginning, at the start of the crisis, there was some – a little bit of pantry loading, but that is out of the equation now. So what we are seeing now is continued consumption, I would say. And I would expect that sort of foreseeable future, not a change in that in-home consumption phenomenon. Now to be clear, gum is a contrary of that. It's very negatively impacted by that in-home consumption. It skews out-of-home, it's on-the-go consumption. And so that's going to be lower during the crisis. As it relates to the trade, if anything, I would say that the trade inventories at the moment are low because it has been difficult to keep up with demand. We significantly have reduced our assortment of SKUs just to provide a good customer service. And so if anything, I would say as our demand would slowdown a little bit, that will give us an opportunity to bring the trade stocks back in line with where they should be. So from my perspective, I feel pretty strong, certainly about Q3 and Q4 in U.S., I don't really expect, it might slowdown a little bit, but we’re still in high single-digit growth rates, to my opinion, which is much better than it was in the past. Luca, go ahead.
Dirk Van de Put: At this stage, it doesn't feel to us that we need to reprioritize. We feel that a lot of the slowdown that you've seen in emerging markets has really gone directly related to the COVID crisis, and the fact that consumers were already locked down or distributors couldn't operate or the stores were closed. And as we open up the channels, we will see through which levels we go back. If I would take India as an example, India, of course, in April was not that great. I mean May was back to flat versus last year, and in June, started to show a low single-digit growth versus last year. In July, they will be higher than that. Will India go back to double-digit growth in the coming months? Maybe not, but if India delivers us a 6%, 7%, 8% topline growth, that's more than enough for us to keep on going on our plan. We were planning to expand our distribution in India for the year in hundred thousand stores or more. We probably had to slow that down a little bit during the COVID crisis, but we are planning to pick it right up where we left it off and keep on growing. At this stage – and India is an example for what we see in other countries. So for me at this stage, there is no reason to change our strategy. We might have, at this stage, maybe a quarter of delay, but we will try to catch up as much as we can. And certainly for 2021, we are planning to keep on going in the direction that we had set.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, in a nutshell, it's all part of the same thinking. The way I would try to explain it is that if you look at our business, we have an opportunity to simplify our business and my experience in many other consumer goods companies is that in general, what has happened over the years is that people are chasing growth. And as a consequence, they keep on launching new products. And that gives you a short-term benefit. But at the certain stage, you need to clean that up. You need to look at your SKUs. You need to take a look at your innovation pipeline, and sometimes also at your brands and say, can these be simpler. But it's always a big discussion because the teams feel uncomfortable doing it. Although if you maintain the same shelf space, and I've done it several times in my career, what you will see is that not only do your sales increase because now the best selling items get more space. Your supply chain costs go down because of longer runs, less changeover, less inventory, less waste, and it also has a big benefit on your cash. So it's a good exercise to do. Just to think about us having thousands of SKUs, and every year, a few thousands of innovation projects, a lot of small ones, and to be frank it's – we were looking for a reason to break this chain because we do believe there is a much better way to do this. The reason why we want to do it now, we want to reaccelerate it now is that, I would say, the stars have lined up. The clients want great customer service. They want a cleaner shelf. They want to make sure that they can serve their customers. And we have the same initiative. So we were already obliged in this crisis to work with a much smaller set of SKUs in order to make sure that the key SKUs are on the shelf. And what do we see? Our sales are better, the shelf looks cleaner, and we get some benefits from it. So we're kind of pushing through using the opportunity to say, this is the moment we do it. Those 25% SKUs represent less than 2% of our sales. And I think we will see no effect from taking them out. Now it's not in one go. This takes a while. It's going to run over a few months. And we probably – out of those 25% of SKUs, somewhere at the beginning of next year. That doesn't mean that we will not do channel expansion and adjacency. The 25% is net. It means that we will launch a number of new items, particularly focused on price pack architecture to hit those price points that we need in specific channels and specific sizes for channels, or we needed because of the revenue growth management that we are applying. And we also will launch a number of items in adjacencies. So the 25% is net of all that. So I see it as part of the same strategy, and I'm really looking forward to be at the other end of this because I think we will have a much cleaner SKU portfolio, a much cleaner innovation portfolio, and hopefully, we can also clean up a few brands, so that we're lean as a company at the end of this.
Dirk Van de Put: And then to link in with e-commerce. So the number on e-commerce are a growth of 91% in Q2, so e-commerce last year was about 3% of our net revenue. In Q1 of this year, it was 3.5%, and in Q2, it's 6%. The biggest increase we saw was in the U.S., close to 200% increase. And that was driven by the fact that people that already shopped online bought more online, but also a significant amount of first timers that started to buy their groceries online. And so the penetration of last year of e-commerce went from 4% to 9%. So we do expect that e-commerce will remain a large part of our U.S. business after the crisis. The growth rates are high across all platforms, click and collect and delivery. And also our market share we gained, for instance, about four points of market share in biscuits online. And so we had already a good momentum before the crisis, and we've doubled down. Of course in click and collect, since we had a very strong performance of our DSD operation and since they picked the products out of the store that has helped our performance. As we go to Europe, we're talking about growth in UK and France, which was 100% and 50%, respectively, so also very, very strong growth. And China, where e-commerce is already 18% of our sales, we had a growth of 20%, which is consistent with the growth that we saw in 2019. The penetration there is already very high compared to our other markets around the world. In fact, if I reflect on e-commerce, I think we've got good momentum. We are increasing our market shares. We have some PPA gaps. We cannot yet always offer the consumer the sizes at the prices that they want. So we will continue to launch e-commerce specific packs, which is a little bit more difficult in click and collect. And we are also further investing in people and in infrastructure. So overall, we see very strong momentum in e-commerce.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. I would say that in Europe, if you exclude because for historical reasons, we've always added world travel retail into our European numbers. And so the number you've always seen includes world travel retail. Now world travel retail in this quarter is virtually zero because there was the duty free shops were closed. If you take that out, Europe was already growing low single-digit but it was growing. The reason why it was not higher than low single-digit is that they have a number of other channels, particularly foodservice, and impulse, so convenience, which are about 20% together with world travel retail of their sales, they were affected by the lockdowns and the consumer not being out and about. Europe is going back to normal, better than what we're seeing in North America. So we are seeing gradually those two channels coming back. We're even expecting world travel retail to start showing a little bit of sales in Q3. So that's really the effect we're talking about and why we feel that Europe will show positive numbers, including world travel retail going forward.
Dirk Van de Put: Well, thank you for connecting. And I think I can wrap it up by saying, from our perspective, it was a solid Q2, particularly seeing the circumstances that we faced around the world. We exited the quarter with very good momentum, and we see a confirmation of that momentum in July. We have the fuel to invest in our growth within our P&L for the second half, and so we feel very confident that we will exit 2020 with some strength and are heading for a great 2021 also. So thank you again, and looking forward to talk to you in the coming quarters.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Look, I believe it is a little bit premature to give you a precise number here, but we gave you a few indications in the prepared remarks for Q3 enough to simply said, we expect North America to continue with increased momentum. Certainly, we are not going to see as high of a number as we saw in Q2. Having 11% topline was fairly exceptional and 20-plus percent OI. Europe is expected to return to growth overall despite world travel retail. And I would expect, for sure, better profitability and better leverage. Some of the COVID costs will subside. AMEA as well is expected to return to growth in Q2 in Q3. And there should be, again, lower COVID cost and better volume outcomes. Latin America is, quite frankly, expected to meaningfully improve, particularly on the OI line into Q3, but we are not going to see necessarily a positive year-on-year profit. So I would say that overall topline for Mondelez in Q3 is expected to be better than Q2. As we look at July, we see good numbers coming in at this point in time. But obviously, I have to make a disclosure here, which is that is absent a material relapse or issue in one of the biggest market or in more than one. As far as bottom line is concerned, I think there will be a sequential improvement in Q3 from where we see today. Whether it will be all the way to bright, I am not sure as there will still be some COVID-related cost and all the actions we are putting in place actually will come into full fruition in Q4. So you will see some improvements in Q3, but you will see even more in Q4 from what we see today.
Luca Zaramella: No. I second all the points you made. And to be – by transparent as we usually are, where we can be – trade stock is lower in the U.S. than it used to be. And it is not the only place where we have lower trade stock. And just to give you another data point, you're absolutely right, that there was a little bit of a slowdown in consumption, but as we look at some of the numbers we have for July, it feels like there is still opportunities for us to grow as Dirk says in the high single-digit territory. So we feel good about what we see. As Dirk pointed out, it is true that gum is a little bit on a downtrend at the moment, but I would also say that it is sequentially improving. And the last point I'd like to make is, particularly in candies like Swedish Fish and Sour Patch, we are seeing quite a bit of growth at the moment as well. So all is pointing in the direction of continued momentum, albeit it might not be the 11% that you saw in Q2, might be a little bit lower.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. I'll take these. So Chris, I think you know that gum is around about 7% of our revenue and there was a material decline in Q2. It was in the tune of, I would say, 35%, 40% in total, depending on the market. It is somewhat driven by share, but 80% of it is due to market, quite frankly. The market is really being impacted by all these shutdowns. And we are told that it is very difficult to do with the mask as well in certain places. So we saw a little bit of an issue in that market. Having said that, as we look at July, we see it coming better. I called it out in the U.S., but it is also in other markets. I can tell you one notable one for us is, is China. In Latin America though, we still see a bit of a continued challenge particularly in Mexico and Andean. Then world travel retail, it is give or take, $0.25 billion business for the year and it was nearly zero in Q2. We expect it to improve particularly towards Q4, but it was a material drag. We called out in the prepared remarks, both the impact on Europe and chocolate, and it is 2.5, 3 points of a drag both on Europe, which declined 1% plus. So you can do the math of how much Europe grew, excluding world travel retail. And the same on chocolate that was almost flat, but it would have been much better. So as we look forward, as I said, we feel quite good about Europe in Q3. Europe was another one that was impacted a little bit by trade and stock in Q2 as well. So we see that coming a little bit back in Q3. And importantly in chocolate, across the board, we see a quite solid category growth at this point and share as well. The biggest differential in chocolate is going to be India coming back. And as I said, India closed the quarter in June in good growth territory. And as we look at July specifically, India is quite solid. So we would expect India to be in a good growth territory in Q3. So that gives you a little bit a sense of these headwinds and how they impacted the quarter for us.
Luca Zaramella: So the COVID costs, look we had more than $100 million in the GP line, and we have another $20 million, $25 million in the overhead line. So I would call it for lack of a better number, $130 million plus of an impact. We did cut travel, clearly, but the biggest upside both in terms of switching from non-working media to working media, other promotional spending items, some cost containment actions that we are taking in our factories. They had an impact that if I had to guess it would be around about $20 million in Q2. The big upside for all these actions is going to come in the second part of the year and specifically in Q4. I think you will see in Q4 this cost savings being meaningful and total profit being materially better than it is today or in Q3 for that matter. Both because this will come to fruition also because the COVID-related cost in Q4 will subside in our current outlook. So we will see what those costs are exactly, but that's the – how we see things at the moment.
Luca Zaramella: Absolutely. Let's do that. Let's team up here. So on the negative mix impact, 100% of it is attributable to two categories, I would say, world travel retail, which is a business that has quite good margins. We sell predominantly Toblerone there, which is a great brand with quite solid gross margin, and that's the number one driver. And the other one is the gum category that, as I called out before, it declined 35%, 40%. I said about world travel retail that it was almost zero in the quarter, so I expect an improvement, particularly in Q4 around that business. And equally for gum, I expect a material improvement, particularly as we exit the year. I'm not sure it will improve dramatically in Q3. But certainly, as the situation stabilizes and trade starts to be open particularly in emerging markets, I mean traditional trade. We expect to see a gradual improvement compared to the current declines in gum. So the mix situation should improve throughout the year. And it has always been a fairly neutral number for us, I would say, as some emerging markets have a little bit of lower margins than some of the developed markets. And I was happy we were keeping it in control quite well. Obviously, gum and world travel retail are a little bit of a driver at this point in time.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Maybe I'll comment on this, and then Dirk can chip in. I think you got the number on about right. There have been quarters where the number has been a little bit higher, quarters where the number has been a little bit lower. And remember, the impact that is due to what we call supply chain reinvention is a little bit lower than it has been in the past. We count on volume leverage above all to get our productivities stepping up. We count on other small changes that we're going to make in some places and bigger one and others. And we count on this concept of continuous improvement. We have a new leader in supply chain, and she has developed quite a bit of a strategy. And I think we have what it takes to continue to deliver profit through productivity. To your point, obviously, when you look at some of the numbers across the board, you can realize that productivity in Latin America this quarter wasn't great because of clear volume declines. And if you talk about productivities, including COVID costs, productivities haven't been great in Q2 overall as we had to incur additional cost. You will see an improvement in Q3. And in Q4, you will see a full effect of COVID costs coming down quite a bit. And also on the flip side, you will see material cost savings that we are about to implement, and we have, for some part already implemented in terms of tightening the belt, not only in the supply chain, but also in the overhead area, so all of this should come to maximum fruition in Q4.
Luca Zaramella: Look, it should be better than quite honestly, than that number. That is the expectation, obviously. Having said that, we don't know exactly how Q3 and Q4 will play out, imagine about 2021. But do we expect by lapping some of these extra COVID costs and the fact that, as you pointed out correctly, we are having a spillover impact into next year of all these cost savings. Do we expect the benefit? Yes, absolutely. I think the counter to that is, in some cases, a little bit of more inflation around certain cost areas. But overall, the simple straight answer is, do we expect that the productivities next year? At this point, I would say so.
Luca Zaramella: And if I may maybe add one thing. I think the other thing that is more predominant now is our share gains and share gains are expanding in Europe in the latest region. So we see a benefit coming out of share and chocolate consumption as we look at Q3 is going to be quite good. So as Dirk said, there is a little bit of trade stock repiping, there is a little bit of an improvement in all these channels that created a headwind in Q3. But importantly, the underlying consumption in the rest of the business, due mostly to share, and I would say also solid category is improving in Q3 from where we sit today.
Luca Zaramella: In relative terms, the supply chain in Europe has been the most impacted by COVID extra costs. You will still see an impact in Q3. And so profit will be better in Q3. Again, it won't be all the way to bright. You will see a much better profit number again from where we sit today and what we see into Q4 at this point in Q4. So there is a material cost. We have multiple plants that serve multiple countries in Europe. So logistically, it is more difficult for people to get into the plant as they come, in some cases across the borders. And it is more difficult as there was in some places, a little bit of higher absenteeism that we still see to a certain extent. And importantly, some of the cost that we saw to protect all our people have been for one reason or the other a little bit higher than Europe, and so you will still see an impact in Q3.
