Brian Gladden: Yeah, Ken, Sure. There are quite a few moving pieces. I guess I'd start – I mean, clearly, a strong first half by almost any financial metric, and we're ahead of our outlook for the first half on both growth and margins. I guess the simple answer is, we're increasing net organic revenue outlook from 2% plus to 3% plus, and we think that's a prudent increase given what we're seeing in the markets today. On OI margins, we're still at about 14% for the year, and basically offsetting the dilution in the coffee transaction with underlying margins really improving. So, our year-over-year OI margin improvement is now about 170 basis points. And when you go back to our original outlook, the prior 14% was an improvement year-over-year of 110 basis points. So, I think that's one of the ways to look at this and feel good about the outlook that we've just given. And then hanging on, obviously, despite the dilution to double-digit adjusted EPS growth at constant currency. Those, I think, are the big elements at a very high level. Happy to get more into the mechanics if you want, but I think those are the headlines.
Brian Gladden: Well, yeah. Look, I think, Andrew, we're increasingly confident as we move through the year and see the execution here both in the margins, and I think we feel great about the ability to begin to put some investment on the A&C side, behind growth. I think as we move through the year and, obviously, we'll give you an updated outlook for next year as we get into the first part of the year, will probably give you a sense for where we go from there. But as we've talked about, there clearly are continued margin opportunities beyond what we see for 2015 to 2016. As we look at the supply chain reinvention and restructuring activities that are going on, we would expect to have further margin opportunities. And I think it really comes down to striking that balance between growth and margin. And we want to retain some of that flexibility to strike that balance, depending upon how the market plays out.
Brian Gladden: Look, I think as we look at the top line, it's a prudent plan. I think we've got – as we called out a couple markets that we have a little bit of concern about. And we've obviously taken a little bit more of a prudent view because of that. I would also say in general the transformation continues, and whether it's supply chain reinvention and potential challenges that might come as we rationalize our planned footprint, invest in new capacity, or whether it's the broader activities around shared services and the impact that that's going to have, those are things that continue as we move over the next 18 months even 24 months. So clearly those are the two things that I would call out as we think about that revenue guidance of 3% plus.
Brian Gladden: Hard to predict, Bryan. I would say as we think about the second half, it's relatively modest. We see, as we've said, relative to the third quarter we've got year-over-year challenges given some favorability last year. But as we look at the rest of the year, not a big swinger, not a big swinger at this point.
Brian Gladden: Yeah. Look, I think we said 5% is sort of the target in the mid-term, given all of the things we're doing with the plants. That's really what the $1.8 billion is. I think as we – one of the things you saw probably in the deck is that, as we take coffee out that takes about $100 million out. So, the number for the year is still about $1.7 billion. As I've said, and I think I've said at CAGNY, I mean, this should be the peak year, as a percentage of revenue and on a dollar basis. And we'll start moving down as we move through the execution of the supply chain reinvention activity. So, no real change to that. I think we're being thoughtful. We're adjusting that based on some of the volume trends that you've seen. In terms of capacity that drives volume, versus investment in productivity programs that may be accelerating some of the productivity opportunities. And that's part of what I think you see play out. On the restructuring, no real change. We're progressing through that, and that's part of the – obviously driving some of the overhead savings that you're seeing in the results. And this is, on the restructuring from a cash standpoint, this is the big year as well. 2015 will be the biggest year.
Brian Gladden: And you would see other quarters where it would be the other way and you gotta catch up. That's really the dynamic.
Brian Gladden: Well, the euro has come down a bit, I think is the offset to the coffee change. That's the dynamic that's playing out. And what was your second question again, David? I'm sorry.
Brian Gladden: Yeah. I mean, given the exposures of where the coffee business is, I mean, it would have a lower tax rate. So, when you take that out, you would expect it to go up a little bit. What we've got playing out in this outlook is really some specific countries where statutory rates have moved and some discrete items that we see in front of us. So, that's what's keeping it low. Over the longer-term, we'll give you visibility to that as we move through the year.
Brian Gladden: Yeah, I mean, it's a private company. And with our partners, we're not going to disclose a lot about that.
Brian Gladden: Well, I'll give you a little bit of the dynamics and maybe Irene can answer strategically. As we talked about the restructuring supply chain reinvention, I mean that's an activity that will go through 2018. So this is one where 15% to 16% is what we're calling for 2016, but the reality is there will be continued cost opportunities and margin opportunities beyond 2016. As I said earlier, I think we want to maintain the flexibility to balance really growth with the margins that we drive in the business. And being able to re-invest is a – it's nice that we're really getting that opportunity right now to begin to do that. We expect to do that more. And driving a better balance between top line growth and volume growth, and the quality of that top line, along with higher margins, there's clearly continued opportunity to do that beyond 2015 to 2016.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, actually, Andrew, Q2 played out pretty much as we has expected, in Europe. There's no question, we're continuing to feel the impact of having led price. We're seeing volume elasticity and share play out essentially the way we had thought. And as I mentioned in my script, in the second quarter we did increase some promotional and A&C support in markets like the U.K. and Germany, and we are starting to see some responses there. But don't forget that Europe is really the main place where the strategic decisions have an impact, and that's about a 60 basis point impact to top-line, as well as Europe has a disproportionately large Easter business, and that's about 50 basis points on the top-line. So, the combination of those two things need to be added back to the overall performance. So net-net, we're not entirely pleased yet with our performance in Europe, but it is playing out, essentially, the way we had expected. And we do expect back half to see stronger performance as price gaps narrow, as we start to see our competitor pricing playing through in the marketplace, and as we reinvest some of our savings into more A&C support.
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually, Rob, we're not going to provide numbers on our spending for the full year. What we did say is that we had a significant increase in the quarter. It's actually up double-digits year-over-year. And we're going to continue to strike a balance between places where we want to make sure that we're protecting share until price gaps narrow, places like the U.K. and Germany, but we're also spending money in markets like the U.S. biscuit market. And we were pleased to see, in the second quarter, a change in trend there. That market had been quite slow, and we started to see growth coming back there. So, it will be a balance. The operative thought here is to make sure that we're getting good ROI. But in markets I talked about, Brazil and India, I would say, given the dynamics in Brazil, it's probably going to be much more about share protection. In a market like India, we're about 65% of the category. And we believe that, therefore, our spending can help to stimulate the consumer acceptance of the higher price points. So it's a balance. But net-net, it gives us great confidence that we should see, as we make these investments, we should see improvement in our revenue rate of revenue growth, as well as our share performance.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, look, we know that some of our peers have had some challenges. We had challenges of our own, as you recall, back in 2013, and we very quickly have addressed them. We've taken a number of steps, aside from very closely monitoring inventory versus consumption, as you said. We've invested quite significantly in category growth in biscuits as well as in our innovation platforms. So we've invested behind Oreo, behind the launch of Oreo Thins, which has been off to a terrific start. We've seen very nice improvement in our shares as a result of that, and we're seeing the biscuit category is starting to improve after quite some time of being essentially flat. We're also launching our belVita product as we speak, and that will have a nice impact. So a lot of the good work that's going on in China is our opportunity to control our own destiny by making sure that we have the adequate spending behind our franchises, as well as adequate strong innovation platforms. On the gum side I'm quite pleased with the performance. Stride continues to do well. We continue to innovate behind that franchise in terms of the launch of bottles and Stride Layers, but we also just recently introduced Trident into the market and it's off to a very strong start. So we're cautiously optimistic. We're continuing to keep our eye very closely on the dynamic in the market. But I think we've got our hands firmly on the key levers that will help to fuel our business.
Irene Rosenfeld: I actually don't see it as an issue, I see it as an opportunity. And we're continuing – we'll be talking about that more at our Back-to-School Conference. We're continuing to see some very nice growth in our eCommerce business, particularly in markets like China.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, without a doubt some of the actions that we took particularly in Europe and particularly in the U.K. and Germany have helped to narrow some of those gaps as well as, as we see our competitor pricing coming through in markets like Germany, that also helps to narrow the gap. So I want to back up a little bit. In aggregate we had very strong performance in our emerging markets, up mid-single digits. The challenge, as I've said, has been in Europe, and again it's in large measure due to the fact that we led pricing, we took some fairly sizable increases in response to both commodities as well as ForEx. And we do expect improvement in the second half as we – as our competitor pricing comes through and as we start to continue to make investments in A&C.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yeah, first, Jason, again, let me remind you, as you look at our Europe, we're not satisfied with our European revenue performance. But remember, it's got an Easter headwind, it's got the impact of some of the decisions we made to improve revenue mix as well as the elasticity. So it's got some other factors in there that are causing the overall performance. But that said, we're not pleased with it and we are expecting, given the investments that we're making as well as the closure of price gaps in the course of the back half. We should see some improvement. Cheese and groceries is actually performing quite well. The margins are good, the cash flow is good. We had solid growth in the quarter as well as year-to-date. Our Philadelphia brand is performing exceptionally well, it was up high single digits. So we're feeling quite good about that business.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yeah, Matthew, as we've shared with you, we've made significant changes in the templates that we use to manage the business as well as the training that we're giving to our colleagues in the individual markets. And so we've got great visibility. We look at the business on a monthly basis, and we've got the KPIs that are critical to our success. Those are the ones that we're monitoring. So I feel very good that we've got our finger on the pulse of the business, and we've got much greater visibility into the various levels of demand as well as the execution against that.
Irene Rosenfeld: Without a doubt, Bryan. Frankly, it's also the answer as a follow-up to Matthew's questions. We're continuing to build capabilities, particularly in our emerging markets. And this category structure is helping to ensure that we transfer the knowledge. So, without a doubt, I have greater confidence in the launch of belVita in China, because the guy who's launching it actually came out of Europe, where it was a fabulous success. And so, as we look at each of our businesses, the ability to transfer that knowledge is a key driver, not only of the learning, but also of some of the material. So, I think you'll continue to see us expanding our proven platforms more aggressively as a result of the new model, as well as capturing the learning from one market to the other.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yeah. No, as you can see from our overall results, Eric, the big driver of our revenue is, in fact, pricing and mix. And so, there's no question that volume is not where we need it to be. A big part of the investment that we'll be making, that we've begun to make in the second quarter and we'll be making through the balance of this year is designed to get our volume momentum back. So we expect that – we had told you that we expected vol/mix in the second quarter to be weak because of the Easter shift, as well as the elasticities. We should start to see that strengthen in the back half the year.
Irene Rosenfeld: The answer is yes. There is a timing impact, as you would imagine, although I would say we've gotten a lot better about executing pricing actions. We used to price once a year. Now we're pricing far more frequently, particularly in a number of the more volatile markets. But for the most part, we are pricing to recover our cost increases, and you're seeing that play through in the margins, as well as in the revenue.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, again, I think you're going to continue to see us in a number of the markets, particularly Venezuela and Argentina, you're going to see us continue to try to keep pace with the inflationary impact. In markets like Brazil, we want to just manage the impact of the pricing that we have taken year-to-date, because we still have some sizable price gaps, and we've had a decelerating impact, as I mentioned, on our category performance. So, we're going to continue to monitor that and to make sure we're investing adequately behind the franchises.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, EEMEA, a simple answer is, there has been some dislocation with the rapid devaluation of the currencies, and we should start to see that moderate as the year progresses. So that's an easy one. Let's come back to the India question. Let me clarify that. India is growing. It's just growing at a slower rate than it had been. So I want to be very clear. It's not a problem. It's just we'd like to see it get back up to the high single digit, double digit rates that it had been growing at since we acquired the Cadbury business. There's no question that the actions that we took in response to the devaluation of the rupee as well as the impact of higher cocoa costs has impacted the market. We not only have seen our gaps widen, but we also have crossed some critical price thresholds. And so the intent of our investments back in the chocolate category in India are designed to help to mitigate some of that and help the Indian consumer over the hump. We've also taken a number of steps to help our price pack architecture in the market so that we are covering various points on the price spectrum. So net-net, India continues to be a market of great importance and interest to us. It's got a nice, growing middle class, very low per capita consumption of chocolate, and we expect it to be a growth engine for the future.
Irene Rosenfeld: But you know Ken, a lot of the productivity, as we shared with you, a lot of the productivity that we're driving as we speak, the record net productivity that we just delivered in this quarter and for the first half is before the impact of our supply chain reinvention investments, which, as we've shared with you, has a sizable impact on variable costs. In addition, a lot of the tools that are driving that productivity, things like integrated Lean Six Sigma are the tools that will enable us to continue to benefit from productivity as we look ahead. So we've got good tools in place that should become the foundation for the future performance, and gives us great confidence as we look into 2016 and beyond that our margin performance will continue to be quite strong.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well I think it's fair to say that we – we have great visibility to continued improvement in our margins. As we've shared with you, though, we want to continue to make sure as we think about how much of that will drop to the bottom line, it's all predicated on our balance between our top line and our bottom line. And we'll continue to share that with you as we move ahead.
