Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah, Andrew, I understand the question. There's a lot going on here. But I think it reflects the underlying strength of our business fundamentals. There's no question that our revenue will improve from probably more like about a 2%, 3% underlying to, as you say, about – a little over 3% this year. That's fueled by strong A&C support, by continued progress in terms of vol/mix, while still improving our margins significantly from about 150 points in 2015 to 200 in 2016, en route to about, as we said, 17% to 18% in 2018, which reflects about a 700 basis point improvement over the five-year period. All of that while still generating double-digit EPS growth and strong cash flow. So we think our underlying business fundamentals are quite solid. There's obviously a lot of moving pieces in this challenging environment. But we're doing what we said we're going to do. We think our underlying business is sound, and we think we're well-positioned to continue to deliver strong growth in a challenging environment.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: It'll get better, Chris, but, no, it's still going to be challenged because of the strong impact of pricing.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: But certainly the overall – we don't anticipate the overall impact of pricing to be as extreme as it was this past year.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No, we actually are pleased with the progression that we've seen in Europe, Ken. We did invest – as we got out of the hot weather – we did invest particularly behind chocolate as the year ended. And as a result of that, our revenue is still down, but the underlying growth was modestly higher. If you recall, Europe is the region that experienced the greatest impact of our strategic actions. It hit us for about 135 bips, and so -
Irene B. Rosenfeld: – in Q4. So, the aggregate revenue in the fourth quarter for Europe was down about 1.1%; it was almost entirely fueled by these strategic actions. We're very pleased to see our share trends improving, particularly in chocolate, which was the hardest hit because of pricing actions, especially in the U.K. and Germany, as well as we saw improvement in biscuits in France. At the same time, we were driving significant margin expansion, up over 200 bps for the year. So, we're very pleased with the exiting position of Europe. I think they are well positioned from a margin and a profitability perspective now to grow off of that base.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No, you're right. It's partly because there's a volume impact as we take these actions. In the case of the pruning, it's about shelf space. In the case of trade optimization, it's about competitive position and customer reaction. And that's why we are so methodical in how we approach this opportunity. So you will ultimately see a net positive as these things play through. You certainly will start to see the benefits in our overall revenue mix, in our profitability, and it's a real enabler to the simplification in our supply chain activity. So you will see the benefits play through, but there is a short-term impact as we take some of these actions.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah, except that we're taking some additional actions, so essentially it pulls the 90 bips out, and then we're taking out another approximately 125 basis points. The net of that, though, is that we have a healthier franchise, and we think we're well positioned to grow off of that base.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, it's disproportionately the impact on the base franchise. And, in fact, that's one of the reasons that you saw the sequential improvement as we exited 2015, and we will expect to see continued improvement in 2016. As we've said before, we use investments in white space, we make investments in white spaces somewhat sparingly. We need to establish the franchise, we need to establish a supply chain, often get our manufacturing up and running. And we do have a road map that will get all of our categories to all of our markets over time. But as you think about the investment that we made, for example, in gum in China, that's been a sizable investment. It's paying off quite nicely, but we only do a few of those every year or so. They take a little bit longer to pay back, and particularly in this challenging environment we're being a lot more prudent in terms of those kinds of investments. All that said, as I mentioned in my remarks, smart companies are making the investments in the downturn to be well positioned. And so much of our investment is behind our existing franchises there, and selectively we're looking at white space opportunities.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, first of all, Jason, the impact of 2016 is going to be much more related to the SKU reduction than trade optimization. As you know, we appointed Mark Clouse to the position of Chief Commercial Officer. He began in that role early this year, and one of his main deliverables is helping us with trade spending optimization. We're just getting started with that work. And, as I mentioned, it's critical that we strike the right balance between our competitive position and our customer response, making sure that it's a net positive impact. So in the near term, particularly in 2016, the bulk of our strategic actions will continue to be focused on eliminating tail brands and less profitable SKUs across each region, which will have a clear impact in the near term, but as I said before, stage us exceptionally well for the long term.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah, we're seeing our spending is up to about 9% of revenue. It's up about 60 bips. And as we look at where we spent it, we're very pleased with the returns that we're getting. So we invested behind biscuits in the U.S., things like Oreo Thins and belVita Bites. We are seeing significant investment year over year in the fourth quarter as we exit the year almost to 3% revenue growth on our biscuit business. I mentioned the impact on EU chocolate, where we invested behind our franchise, in the chocolate franchise, in particular in the U.K. We see continued improvement in Germany despite the fact that that was one of the areas that we chose to take out some of our less profitable volume. In addition, there's a number of markets where we backstopped our pricing actions as we priced in response to currency devaluation, markets like Brazil and Russia. And, again, if you look at our share performance and you look at our margin performance, you see the impact of those investments. So we're going to continue to monitor our performance quite closely, but we want to be sure that we remain nimble in our ability to capture opportunities as we see them and continuing to make the necessary infrastructure investments as well as the markets recover.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah, thanks. Thank you for that question, Jon. We obviously continue to pay very close attention to the impact of our pricing actions on our volumes. I would remind you that our 2015 vol/mix was down about 3 points. That's about 1 point from Venezuela, about 1 point from the strategic actions we took, and about 1 point of elasticity, which was mostly in the first half. As we started to make the investments, as we locked in our margins and started to make the investments in selected markets in the back half, we saw a very strong improvement in the – not only in the vol/mix trend, but also in our individual franchise performance. As we look to 2016, our intent again is to make sure that we're continuing to get a positive benefit. We're not going to give you specific guidance for the split between pricing and vol/mix, but as I mentioned, we are expecting pricing to be less of an impact. But it will continue to be pressured as we see inflation in these emerging markets. I think most importantly, what you need to look to for us is to make sure that we're continuing to make the investments necessary to stage our business for the long term as these emerging markets recover. And so it's a constant monitoring of how we're performing, but we think we're getting the right balance here. But it does have – it has had a short-term impact, but we're quite encouraged by the results we're seeing in the back half of the year, and we've reflected that in our guidance for 2016.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: I'm trying to follow your math here, Eric. There's no question that our share improvement spiked in the fourth quarter. Much of the investment that we made would have hit in the market in the fourth quarter, and you see that play through on the slide.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No, we actually feel quite optimistic about the outlook for our snacks in North America. We're seeing good progress, as we said, as we exited the year. The growth rate is in excess of the category growth rates. In fact, we're driving it. We feel very good about our DSD support. We think we're getting good in-store presence; our shares are strong. And we've got a good innovation pipeline. So I think we're well-staged to continue to drive growth in this geography.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: But, as you said, it was disproportionately in the emerging markets because of some of the acquisitions. So, I mean, our portfolio in North America is a lot more focused on the Power Brands than what we're seeing elsewhere in the world.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: So the simple point, Rob, is don't forget that we are growing essentially in line with our categories in 2016, while we're expanding margins by about 200 basis points. And I think it's our ability to drive top and bottom line as one of the things that will continue to distinguish us, and so I think we've got good visibility to the places and the programming and the investment levels that we need to continue to protect our shares and ultimately drive our shares. But, as you rightly point out, in that timeframe, I think we're going to continue to see the balance that we've laid out. Longer term, we would expect clearly to deliver revenue growth at or above the rate of our categories.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Again, as we told you, we're seeing – even as we look at this first quarter – we're seeing continued pressure in a number of the emerging markets.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Yeah, I mean, I would say we are constantly benchmarking each of our countries across our landscape, and as well as versus competitors to the best of our abilities. And so I think we've got a pretty good handle on where the opportunities are. And that's essentially been the plan that we've been executing.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, I think without a doubt it is certainly impacting how we execute our pricing. Depending upon the market, we're using a combination of tactics, whether it's list price increases, trade spending, reduction, price pack architecture both on the low end and the high end. And, quite frankly, that's allowed us, as we've had – as we've talked before, one of the benefits of our Lines of the Future is it gives us much greater flexibility with respect to packaging, which then allows us to execute pricing in a much less disruptive way to the marketplace. I think it's one of the reasons that you see our vol/mix improving as the year progressed and as we exited the year. So we certainly are doing our best to make sure that every price, it has as small an impact on the overall consumer landscape. I'd also say that virtually all of the pricing actions we have taken have been in response to comment to industry cost. And so some of the elasticity impact has simply been the time it takes for some of our competitors to execute pricing actions. And as we've seen those price gaps narrow in markets like Russia and Brazil, for example, or some of the actions we have taken in markets like the U.K. or Germany, we are seeing our shares improve. So we're doing our best to manage the landscape, and it varies market to market. But certainly as we think about some of our infrastructure investments, I'll give you the – we have a factory going up in Russia, for example. We've moved a lot more slowly in this current environment as we think about that investment as a result of what we're seeing in the macro environment.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, it really is just better line of sight to the actions that we're working now to deliver on this target. Good momentum and cost reduction programs as we execute on those plans, supply chain. As you know, those actions continue even beyond 2016 and 2017, and that will continue to generate benefits. So it's really not anything new or incremental. It's the same playbook. And as we've gotten farther into it, we have much more confidence. So – and in terms of the overall environment, we're not counting on a return of emerging markets to historical growth rates here. I think we're building on what we see today in the world, and that's the basis for this target.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, look, I think it'll continue to be both. As we've said, supply chain ramped throughout the year, and we saw the Lines of the Future really generating more benefits in the second half. We said that all year, and that's really how it played out. That will continue and, as you know, I mean, we've now got success in implementing these Lines of the Future in each of the categories, and it's really about taking that model and implementing it in a broader set of assets around the world. So it's something we're very confident in. On indirect costs and shared services, obviously ZBB and attacking some of the key cost packages was probably the lowest hanging fruit and some of the earliest benefits. But things like shared services and some of the organizational efficiency work is really a 2016 driver. So, I guess it's going to continue to be both. As you saw the results in 2015, clearly, it was a strong gross margin driven year. But we also made significant investments in A&C. And that's another dynamic that's going to play out, and that affected SG&A. So it's a little bit of both. And commodity inflation – look, I think clearly there's some pockets of improved commodity dynamics playing out over the last couple months. But you have to keep in mind that currencies are also a big part of that, and in most cases they're going the other way, especially in some of the key markets for us. So, right now it's not a big driver for us, given that we have to look at both of those together.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, Ken, we'll talk a bit more about it at CAGNY. I would say it's going to look a lot like the road map you have. And I think the things that we're executing today have resulted in the progress we've made thus far, and they're the same things that are going drive us through 2018. It's, as I said earlier, it's not really a new set of initiatives that are going to get us there. We have increasing confidence, and we're going to execute the things that are in front of us. So we'll show you more of that at CAGNY, but I'm not sure it'll be exciting and new, other than maybe some of the revenue mix activity that we're focused on that we both talked about today.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, look, in the quarter, a lot of the tax benefit that we had in the prior year was in the fourth quarter, the biggest piece of it. So that's probably the biggest dynamic. I would just say, look, we saw, as we said in the comments, a weakening macro in places like Brazil that challenged us a bit. But the biggest one by far, Jason, is the year-over-year tax impact.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, I would say not a whole – there's not a lot of A&C that was spent in Venezuela. So you can sort of do the math. It does bring the number up a little bit. As we said, we're sort of exiting the year at a 9% sort of run rate. And much of that was ramping as we headed through the year. So it's one of the drivers of the profitability in Venezuela, was the fact that we didn't really have much A&C and we didn't need it in that market. So that's sort of the first part of your question. I'll let Irene take the second.
Brian T. Gladden: I think, Jonathan, we want to be patient. I mean, we believe there is a long-term volume growth dynamic clearly in these emerging markets, and we're making the investments, as Irene said, to ensure that we're positioned for that. But the reality is in the short term, given what's happened with currency and commodities over the last several quarters, it's really driven the dynamic, and it's forced all the pricing through. That's really the driver here.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, slide 8. Yeah, I mean, as you recall, Eric, I mean, these were in the 45% range last time we looked at it, last time we shared it.
Brian T. Gladden: We'll take you through more detail on cash flow. We had a, I would say, significantly stronger cash flow in 2015 than what we had targeted and shared with you, and we'll update you on that as we talk at CAGNY. I think – look, we'll continue to monitor the environment. I mean, this volume dynamic is something that's affecting how we're spending CapEx. And we've been, I would say, prudent and thoughtful around where we're spending CapEx. And, at the same time, I also want to say we're sticking to the plan, and the reality is that we still have investments to make as part of executing and building the supply chain capabilities to deliver on the 2018 targets we just talked about. So, as we've said, I think 2015 was the peak in CapEx. It'll get reset a little bit as the revenue comes down with Venezuela, but I think you'll see it come down from here, and as we get toward 2017-2018, be it at the levels we've talked about, closer to the 4% to 4.5% sort of range.
Brian T. Gladden: I think the bigger-picture point on SKUs, SKU reduction, is really about allowing us to focus on the Power Brands and really put more resources against them.
Brian T. Gladden: And, I think, Rob, if we saw more momentum in the markets, and things were a little less volatile, I think we'd have more confidence in being a little more forward-leaning with that, but that's part of what we're thinking here.
Brian T. Gladden: So on the SKU rationalization activities, look, I think this is – we're making progress. And I guess what I'll commit is we'll give you a bit of an update in CAGNY on that as well. But it is a key lever as we think about the supply chain. And simplifying our product offerings as part of that activity allows us to get at costs and simplify what we're doing in the plants. And there's lots of examples that we can take you through. I would say we're in the middle of that. I don't know that it's going to be a front-half/back-half kind of discussion. We're going to continue to work through it and as we do it, we'll adjust the targets and the plans there. But we're making good progress. I'll just tell you that, I think. On SG&A, really three dynamics, I think, that are probably inconsistent with how people are thinking about it. One is, obviously, I'm not sure everybody fully got the A&C step-up that we're doing here. And that's obviously showing up in the SG&A. We have, obviously, incentive comp that flows through there, and given the strong performance versus targets, that's up year over year. And then currency. I mean, I think those are the three big drivers that would represent – and I'd probably tell you a third, a third, a third – in terms of where it is in SG&A. So the underlying performance in overheads, the work that we're doing on indirects, and the broader organizational activities is generating benefits. We exceeded our internal targets on ZBB benefits this year, and we've actually taken up what we're going to do there for 2016 as part of the plan.
Brian T. Gladden: Look, I think we're pretty pleased with the businesses we have in Latin America. I think it does – I mean, there's some slight dynamics around our headquarters overhead in Latin America as a result of now deconsolidating Venezuela. I think it's more a country-by-country look at the dynamics of what's playing out in the Brazil market, or Argentina, or other places given inflation and what we're seeing in volatility. But, again, the fundamental dynamics in those markets, I mean, we like the gross margins, we like our competitive position. They are part of what we're doing on supply chain and ZBB and all the other activities. We'll continue to look at that and adjust targets as appropriate. But I'm not sure anything changes in terms of the big-picture plan for South America.
Brian T. Gladden: And then, David, given the volatility, I mean, we're actively watching these A&C investments and the specific activities and tracking returns. And having the data and the tools and the willingness to adjust them and move money where it's paying off and where we see the long-term benefits is something that I think we're getting better, at and we've got some better processes in place to do that proactively as the volatility is playing out.
