Luca Zaramella: So, for the first half, we are broadly where we would have expected to be, quite honestly. Revenue might be a little bit softer, but strong profit will allow us to reinvest into some selective additional activities in half two to deliver profitable volume growth. I think you rightly pointed out the implied top line growth for half two which current guidance requires an acceleration. And that hinges on three main drivers. The number one driver that will impact the most is Europe that will have to return to volume growth. With disruption behind us, we feel quite good about achieving that. The team in Europe has proven consistently that they can execute very well and plans are in place to activate around big key consumers' activities like back to school and Christmas. It is also important to remind ourselves that the trade stock pipeline is an opportunity in Europe as we had to pull back on shipments and so the piping the trade is a material opportunity and something that we are clearly already seeing in July. The second element is the US biscuit positive volume. I have to say the diagnostics around what is happening to the overall category and the share pressure that we see are clearly giving us an indication of what has to change. And we truly believe that hitting those price points is going to result in positive outcomes. And again, we start seeing some green shots in the category and in our brands. The third element is that while I do not like to talk much about lapping, last year for the second part of the year, we discontinued some product lines that were material in volume for the give and go business. And I think from now we will be comparing more to a clean base. And so I think that's the third element to bear in mind. I think all in all we have at this point, line of sight to the upper end of our revenue guidance for the year. As far as EPS goes, importantly, we have landed the price in line with our expectations. There might be more selective price that we will be doing in light of height and cocoa, but no major deviations are expected on this front. Our commodity cost for the year is almost 100% locked, so no surprises expected on that front either. As I mentioned a few times, just bear in mind that we bought cocoa quite well for this year and that year-to-date cocoa costs are meaningfully better than the 2024 average. So there is more cost coming in the second half [although] (ph) the EPS guidance being kept in line despite the very strong results here today. We will continue to invest in working media in line with the first part of the year, but we will also start optimizing as we discussed a few times the non-working media which is still an opportunity in this outlook. And finally, we will continue to pursue cost measures and productivity. So all in all, we believe reaffirming guidance is the right thing to do. And again, July is shaping up quite well for us at this point in time. But obviously, as I said, there is more work to do, particularly around the US consumption side.
Luca Zaramella: So it is a program that will be completed over a four-year time frame. And the reason why that is, is a couple of things. One is we will use a staggered approach and we will be able to implement it in part of the business first and rolling off resources eventually from that part of the business and rolling on those resources into the next wave of countries that will be impacted. We will also make a big distinction between some modules of SAP versus others, so we will not necessarily take even by region a big bank approach. And we believe that the preparation we have been doing for the last, I would say, 18 months positions as well in terms of successful execution. So we have tried to minimize all potential issues by going broad in one region or by going broad in the world of SAP. And we believe, given also the resources we have internally, and importantly, the ones we have secure through SAP and Accenture, that we will have a good opportunity to execute as well.
Luca Zaramella: The answer is yes. We will have a couple of one-timers in the second part of the year and that is really what drives the $3.5 billion. But both last year where we had to pay some taxes related to coffee, and this year where we have a potential one-timer that we will be paying most likely off in August, I would say, if you strip those out that are clearly one-time impacts, I mean, our cash flow is running at $4 billion plus. So we feel quite good about it. Cash conversion cycle continues to be top notch. We continue to improve days outstanding and one of the reasons why we believe SAP and o9, which is the other platform around supply and demand planning that we are implementing with this ERP program is going to be beneficial to us is around inventory, which is an area that has material opportunities in it. So the answer is certainly we can strive for more than $4 billion on an ongoing basis.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, look, we believe there is going to be a correction. I mean even today if you take the stock price of today which is around about GBP6,500 per ton, and compare it to next year Q4, there is a gap of GBP2,200, which is clearly material. So the market, in light of the mid-crop, and importantly of the evolution of the main crop sees a clear adjustment of prices going forward. And I think there might be even more than this. Obviously, we are not going to go blind into 2025. We cannot wait and bet on the main crop to be good. And we have been certainly improving and increasing our physical coverage into 2025. We have around about one quarter of our positions into 2025 covered to futures. And you might imagine we have covered outer in the year to take advantage of this inverted curve, which means how big of a discount you get, the further you go out versus today's fault. The rest is covered through a series of derivatives that allow us to participate in a potential market correction. So at this point in time, whichever way you look at it, we have protection for the most part of our positions into 2025. And on the other side, we have secured also some physical forward positions that I believe will position as well compared to the market eventual cocoa price adjustments that might happen or not.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. I think the expectation it is still around having a sort of flattish volume mix for the year and in terms of one-timers as I said, there is 1.3 points of expected -- of disruption that happened in Q2. The whole 4 points of volume mix in Europe are attributable to the consumer -- or the customer disruption, sorry. There is another component which is about the Middle East conflict that impacted on about 3 percentage points for the quarter. The other one, as I said, that you need to bear in mind, is the impact of give and go and this continuation that we had in Q4 last year. But also importantly, last year we had a carryover of the first half disruption in Europe into half two. And that was around about $100 million of revenue impact. So when you strip out all these impacts, you clearly see a much better linearity of the volume mix and revenue. And when you come to terms that the actions that the US is taking around consumers and packs, I think we have clearly an expectation that these improve volume mix in the second half and improve revenue in the second half.
Luca Zaramella: There might be a little bit of an upside in relation to the fact that, as we mentioned, we are taking a deeper look at all the non-working media part of A&C. I don't expect it to be material for the second part of the year. And importantly, we will continue still investing in our working media. So I don't expect a material upside in terms of P&L impact due to lower A&C in the second part of the year.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, I think, look, we moved away from giving guidance in terms of gross margin percentage. What I will tell you is we are going to have a year that is ahead in terms of gross profit dollar growth delivery compared to our usual algorithm. I think in the end, what will really matter is the amount of pricing we would have implemented and how much pricing we're going to take into next year in light of whatever cocoa is going to be come the end of 2024. So we are very happy. I have to be honest with the level of profitability we have achieved in the first part of the year. There, would have suggested, I believe, under normal circumstances that we have upside to the guidance we gave you. But reality is cocoa is a material headwind in the second part of the year. And the reality is we might have to selectively invest in some of the activities that you have been hearing throughout the call. It is not a massive investment. It doesn't take away that in terms of profitability and ability to reinvest in A&C, we have done, I believe, a very good job but we prefer maybe to be cautious around the level of profit going forward because again cocoa prices as we have secured them in the first part of the year are clearly much lower than the current spot price and 2025 price for cocoa would suggest.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, yes. Well, first of all, the consumer, I would say, is cautiously optimistic. I would say in general we feel that the European consumer seems to be in a better place than the North American consumer. They see their incomes rise, the inflation is softening, they see quite stable employment, particularly in the UK is important for us in Europe and there the confidence which was relatively low last year is rising because they feel that their broader economy is doing better and they feel better about their personal finances. And then I would say France and Germany, the other two big countries, we have some mixed views across the economic indicators, but the confidence is also above last year. So, second thing is, yes, there is an uptick in elasticities and there is also more promotions, but I would say the elasticities remain quite modest. And there is a little bit of an increase in promo intensity. We are also seeing the same shift of people buying -- going from hypers and supers to discounters and then we see also these affordable packs at the right price point. So, similar movement as I was talking about in North America. If you look at Q2, our biscuits and baked snacks are already positive in Europe. They're growing their value at 2.8% and volume at 0.8%. In chocolate, we see a strong momentum with seasonal shapes. We also see tablets, bars, and pralines doing well. Back to school and Christmas, of course, in chocolate will be very important. We are continuing to watch the pricing impact. Overall, I would say if you exclude some of the disruption that we saw, the performance in Europe is quite solid. And since that disruption, the pricing has been implemented now, we feel that that solid underlying growth that we see there is going to continue in the second half. So we're expecting quite a good second half. I would also like to mention here that chocolate, despite already seeing quite a bit of prices, remains quite resilient. There's more to come. I've seen the cocoa situation. But overall, volume has been quite solid. We're also planning to continue to invest strongly. Our Easter was very strong, so we have high expectations for back to school and Christmas. And so overall, I would say that I would be surprised if the second half is not a good half for Europe.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So there's three main components to the partnership. The first one is that we're going to co-brand chocolate products with BISCOFF. And BISCOFF is not yet a very big brand in North America, but it's quite a big brand in Europe. It's one of the biggest biscuits brands, and it has a quite unique taste and also quite unique consumption moment. And the combination of a chocolate bar with BISCOFF filling or with pieces of BISCOFF in there is quite delicious. So that's the first one. To give you an idea, we already have a similar line which uses Oreo as the filling and we are talking about several hundred millions of sales in Europe for that line. So we have the same expectations for the BISCOFF line. And if that is a success in Europe, we will obviously want to extend that around the world into our other chocolate brands. And the first launch of this product will be in early 2025. And that will help us with excitement, building excitement around the chocolate market. Then secondly, BISCOFF is looking for global distribution, and there's certain countries where that is not easy to get. So we will manufacture, distribute and sell BISCOFF in India as a first country. It's going to start in the second half of 2025. It's very interesting for us because at the moment our biscuit business in India is really built around Oreo and this is going to give us a second big brand, very different from Oreo, very different audience, very different consumption moment, largely with coffee or tea in India. And so we think it's going to be an ideal complement to keep on building a strong biscuits business in India. And that clearly is a test to see if we would do other countries around the world. And so yeah, it's not a joint venture, it's a cross sort of licensing of our brands to each other.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, I mean, overall the market conditions in Mexico for us are healthy. For instance, the biscuits and the chocolate category both saw mid-single-digit increase in value. Gum and meals also performed quite well. I would say the economy is doing well. There is good employment. There was a lower flow because of the elections of public subsidies to the households that we think will start to normalize in H2. But in general, if you look at minimum wage has doubled in the last years in Mexico. So the overall climate is very positive as it relates to the consumer. If you look at the low single-digit Q2 growth that we had, that largely came from our candy and our chocolate business, which was offset by growth in gum and meals. And particularly in candy, we think that there probably our price points are a little bit too high. We will need to work on those. In chocolate, a little bit the same. And we need to make sure that we're well positioned for the Christmas season there. Again, gum and meals are doing very well, and also the biscuit growth for us was quite strong. The Oreo distribution, which is critical because of the Ricolino partnership that we have, is growing well, and Oreo is growing also in single digits in Mexico. So I would say the, I think that this effect of the subsidy certainly affected candy and chocolate. Overall, we remain quite positive. We think there will be a gradual recovery in H2. The long-term opportunity for growth remains quite significant. The integration with Ricolino is going well, and their route to market will enable us our ambition to grow market share, particularly for biscuits and chocolates. There's also a US business related to Ricolino, which of course is not the subject of the question, but that one also is important because it positions Ricolino as the leader of the Hispanic US candy market. But overall I would say I think it's a temporary issue driven by these subsidies. And in the second half I'm expecting to see a good recuperation in Mexico.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, yes. So in India, if I give you a little bit of a background, so we're looking at flat growth in Q2, mid-single-digit in H1. Chocolate growth is continuing well, a high single-digit, good gross margin improvement. Cadbury Dairy Milk continues to be a strong leader of the market despite the fact that we've already implemented some pricing. It's mainly in biscuits where India is being affected. So we have seen a consumption dip because there is more intense competition and consumers are clearly moving to lower price points. And our biscuit business is largely built around Oreo, which I would call a more premium biscuit in the Indian market. If I look at the stores, so since 2019, we've deployed more than 700,000 visi coolers. In 2023, we added 180,000 stores to our coverage and about 100,000 new visi coolers. In H1 in ‘24, we've already added another 140,000 stores and 90,000 visi coolers. So that's a very strong performance compared to ‘23. Still, if you take into account, there's 9 million food retail outlets. We now cover about 2.3 million directly and just over 3 million if we take our indirect coverage. So we still have a huge headroom. So I would say, yes, there is a bit of a slowdown after three years of inflation. A group of the consumers, particularly in biscuits, is a bit more careful in their consumption, but we don't see that as something that would slow down our focus on expanding our distribution. In India, we're going to continue to work as we've been working in the previous years, placing those visi coolers, driving our distribution, because we are very confident that gradually the consumer will start to buy Oreo again. And our chocolate business, as I mentioned, keeps on doing very well.
Dirk Van de Put: Well, I thank everybody for their attendance to the call. I would call it again a solid second quarter, and our expectations are for an improved H2 and looking forward to see you at the end of Q3.
