Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Thank you, Andrew, and hello. First of all, yes, maybe restating quickly what is driving the volume growth in the different regions to give a clarification around that. And yes, we are constructive as it relates to volume for the remainder of this year and next year and then talk a little bit about the consumer. So we have a strong volume/mix across all our regions. And overall, we're up almost 4%. If I start with North America, there we are up 4.6% in year-to-date, 3% in volume/mix. The categories are experiencing a little bit of softness there. But our biscuit business is performing significantly better and delivering some significant volume share gains, about 1.2 points in the last 3 months. We also have that from unmeasured channels, which are performing well, the club channels, online because consumers are shifting there because that gives them better pricing opportunities. Switching to Europe. There, we see a 3.3% volume/mix increase. Year-to-date, that is flat seen the disruption that we had in the beginning of the year. We see biscuits and chocolate volumes being quite resilient. And in Q3, we saw the volume/mix growth accelerating, outpacing the rest of food. The reason there is that the elasticities are quite solid. And we also take into account that we are lapping 2022 disruptions in Europe. And then emerging markets is up 3.4% in volume/mix. Year-to-date, also 3.4%, but we have certain markets like India and Mexico, where we have double-digit volume growth. It's quite remarkable because these markets have quite significant pricing, all the emerging markets. And the reason being is that the consumer confidence is quite good. The demand is resilient. We see the consumer in places like India, China, Mexico are in a four-year high, and that is clearly having an effect on demand. We also are gaining in these markets by expanding our distribution. That's always an extra benefit that we have. And we've been doing smart downsizing. One of the things we do in these markets is our LUPs or lower unit price. We try to keep that price constant that we have the entry into the category not being affected. Going forward, we expect the recovery in Europe to continue because pricing has landed and we are back on the shelf, and we are running full force in our commercial activities. Our inventory levels around the world are very healthy, including in North America, so we don't see any effect there. The elasticities remain relatively benign. But here and there, some modest upticks, but all the dynamics are included in our outlook. We think that the expansion of volume in emerging markets is going to continue. And in fact, it's a good problem to have. But in India and Mexico, the key challenge is to how to keep up with the heavy volume increase that we're seeing. And then we believe that everything we're doing for our long-term strategy is the things we are focused on and different activities that we have planned confirmation that is working for us, particularly also, for instance, the reinvestments we're doing. Maybe quickly on the consumer because that is probably the biggest factors to keep in mind as you think about volumes going forward. We find that consumer demand remains very resilient in our key markets. Consumers continue to prioritize spending on grocery and branded products. And we see the consumer confidence outlook for '24 stable for developed markets in North America and Europe, but very positive for emerging markets. So if I quickly think this through, modest improvement probably in consumer confidence in Europe and Australia. Why? Because the inflation is clearly easing there. They see the real disposable income go up. There is some shifting to smaller packs in places like France and the UK and to discounters because they're looking still for value for money. But overall, we feel pretty good about the consumer in Europe and Australia. In the US and Canada, we think the consumer confidence will be holding, but we have to monitor the trends quite closely because we see shifts to non-measured channels, as I said, such as e-commerce and club, we see buying of more multipacks. We see lower income families pull back on the amount of the frequency of their trips to the store. And we also have the delayed unwinding of the pantry loading from -- due to the phasing out of the SNAP benefits. And then emerging markets, we continue to see steady improvements with those four-year highs that I was talking about. Consumer is very optimistic about the future. Even in China, consumer confidence is improving, but slower, but we still have like 60% of our Chinese families expect their income to improve. Private label, maybe private label is losing share in the US and Canada. There is a bit of a watch out in Europe because brands have been taking pricing. But overall, I would say, we feel very good about the outlook for the rest of the year and for next year.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Thanks, Ken. Well, first of all, I think the whole topic has been overblown. And I think it's important to put it in perspective and look at the data. At this stage, we see absolutely no short-term impact on our results. We don't see it in our business. We are, of course, monitoring and we have a special work stream to stay close to the topic. We do estimates, we do projections, we talk to pharmaceutical companies, we talk to consumers and so on. So we're staying close to the subject. But long-term, even using the most optimistic forecast, we believe the impact will be very modest to our volumes in our categories. We're talking about 0.5% to 1% volume effect 10 years down the road. That's based on what we know today and projections that are not ours, but that are being used by several different sources, and that assumes quite significant adoption rates of the drug. Even if the impact would be bigger than that, I think over a 10-year period, it will be manageable, and we will have adequate lead time to adjust and prepare for any changes that we see. Having said all that, if you think about it, obesity rates around the world are very different. And we have one of the lowest exposures since 75% of our sales come from outside of the US, 40% of our sales are in emerging markets. And so the average BMIs in all those countries are much lower than in the US So our exposure is significantly lower than some of the other food companies. On top of that, I believe that our portfolio is really well positioned. We constantly innovate and adapt our products. We do that all the time to adapt to changing consumers' tastes and behaviour's. Portion control is a big part of our strategy. So 20% of our sales are already in snacks that are less than 200 calories. We have a large part of our portfolio that is chocolate, which is not hunger satisfaction, but it's a small indulgence. And we have healthier alternatives like for the breakfast occasion, belVita, which is a replacement snack or some of our snack bars, which are meal replacement, and that fit perfectly into the diet of GLP-1 patients. So if I go through all that and if I'm honest, at this stage, this is really into our top areas that we are focused on and that we are trying to manage. We monitor it, but it's really not a big concern for us at this stage.
Dirk Van de Put: No, no. We are in good shape as it relates to shelf availability and stock levels. The shelf availability is higher than it was last year. The stock levels are where they should be. They're not high. Our sales are higher, our units are higher. We have more displays, we have more items carried with that retailer. So we see no effect. I want to point out that we do have a DSD system that covers the stores. And that is always very helpful in driving in-store execution and finding the necessary extra space and presence. And so we're also making sure that we have the right level of staffing at store level. But no, I cannot confirm that we see the same effect. We feel very good about how things are playing out at the moment.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So talking about the top line synergies, first, what -- how we're going to get those is that we are integrating the two distribution systems. And that will, for our side of the equation, triple the amount of distribution points that we will have. So pretty important top line synergies there. But the first step is to get that integration going. We're in the middle of testing. We had to carve out the distribution system out of Bimbo and for Ricolino and set up a new system, which is bigger than what we currently have in the company. So we have to open about 100 distribution centers. In Mexico, we're three quarters along the way with that, and that is going very well on time and as planned. And we have started the testing of the combined routes in several of those distribution centers. So the effect will start to take place from now going forward for the next 18 months, I would say, that we get the benefits to sort of work out for us. So far, everything is working out exactly as planned. And so we have high hopes that you will see the significant benefit from that next year.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. So, yes, the shift is noticeable largely because those channels offer larger packs, both online and in the club channels and that's what consumers are looking for. We see our volume share going up overall due to the share that we are gaining, although those channels are not always measured, but we know that our shares are going up there. So we feel pretty good about what's going on there. The margin for us is about the same. So we don't see a significant margin effect. And as it relates to some of the consumer benefits we see, for instance, a brand like belVita is benefiting from that shift because it has a bigger presence in those channels. So overall, I would say, clearly a volume effect -- a volume and a share effect for us. No effect on the margins and no real necessary adaptation from our side.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, I wouldn't say it's all test and learn. So it's a mixture of just reinforcing the businesses that we have, more launches from our own range, doing some geographical expansion, doing some distribution expansion. So it's a lot more than test and learn. If I start with snack bars, I think we are discovering the power of snack bars. That's why we highlighted it in the prepared remarks. We're doing particularly well with Clif and also with a brand like Grenade in the UK and in Europe, which is really growing very fast. So first conclusion would be snack bars are going to be a real strength for us. There's a big opportunity in the rest of the world. If you look at the development of the snack bar market in the US, it's far ahead of the rest of the world. So we see a huge opportunity there in the years to come. And particularly in the Anglo-Saxon countries, we think that's going to happen first. As it relates to cakes and pastries, there is this segment, which is in-store bakery. Give & Go, that's not a test and learn anymore. That's now a $900 million business, but that has been very incremental to us. We've seen some very significant growth. It's a segment that is growing very fast, and we're taking share. So our expectation is that going forward, Give & Go will continue to see big growth because clients like Target or Walmart are moving from made in-stores towards freeze and thaw, which is what Give & Go is offering there. So second conclusion, the in-store bakery segment is going to be very interesting for us going forward. And then the third one that is important for us is the expansion of our current brands into the cakes and pastries market. So we've launched Cakesters in the US or we have launched Airy Cake in China under Oreo, both very big successes. Things that are clearly an indication that our brands have the potential to play in this cakes and pastries space, and it's a very nice addition and really extends the footprint and the consumers that we have. And then lastly, there is Chipita, which is the packaged croissant. We're doing test and learns in three markets at the moment around the world. Not all the results are in, but we've seen, for instance, in a country like Brazil that there is a real interest. The segment is really not that established, but our test and learn was very positive, and we are now gearing up for a launch in the country. I'm expecting in the other countries that we are doing some tests that we will get similar results because if you think about it, Give & Go was already very successful in places like Mexico or in the Middle East. So it's a real sort of emerging market proposition, meal replacement at a very affordable price, reasonable quantity of product. So I think there's going to be a real opportunity to make that a worldwide business for us. So those would be the four big ones at the moment from the adjacencies. So far, so very good, I would say. We'll keep on informing you. But everything is going in line or in fact well above plan in this area.
Dirk Van de Put: I think with that we -- Okay. Thank you. And with that, we've come to the end of our call. We feel good about the quarter. We feel good about the next quarter and about next year. Thank you for your interest and see you next quarter.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Andrew. So our revised top line estimate of 14% to 15% implies a revenue growth for Q4, which is around about 7% to 10% which, considering we are lapping a 15.5% top line growth last year, makes really the two-year stack comparable to year-to-date numbers. And so I think that should give you a sense of where we're going to land the Q4. Keep in mind that we also want to keep a tight control on retailer inventory as we enter next year because, obviously, there is potentially some pricing, and we won't really to enter with a strong momentum into Q1. On EPS, the expected growth of around about 16% for the year implies a moderate increase in constant currency in Q4. Reason for that is, again, the heightened investment in A&C. And in addition, as I said in the prepared remarks, there is some ForEx volatility, particularly around certain markets like Argentina, Nigeria, Pakistan and Egypt. And it is quite difficult to predict what exchange rates will be in the course of the quarter. So quite, frankly, I have been a little bit cautious with our assumption. And as I don't want to surprise anyone. Also remember, gum is completely removed from this number. So this is not really a like-for-like. And I think you're going to like you realize the EPS and continued profit expansion in Q4. I also want to reassure you that the emerging markets are doing very, very, very well. And we don't necessarily disclose numbers, but EBIT is up more than 20% in emerging markets on a year-to-date basis in real dollar terms. So these are, again, a market that can be volatile. But in the end, they deliver a good profit for us. On '24, we are clearly in the process of finalizing our plan, but I can give you a little bit of the soundbites around '24. First of all, I think it is undeniable that the business is having good momentum, and that momentum from where we sit today will continue as we enter into -- as we go into '24, both in terms of top and bottom line. Pricing contribution will be clearly less important than this year, but we still see pricing contributing more than an average year, particularly as we need to price for cocoa, sugar and other commodities. A good portion as we went through the plans with the majority of the business units, a good portion of growth in both in developed and emerging markets will be coming through distribution expansion. And that will help preserve volume momentum into '24. And I think you know that our categories in emerging markets are underpenetrated, and we have made investment to really continue to grow. Platforms that we have acquired in recent months like Clif and Ricolino are progressing very well. And they will deliver more synergies as we go into '24. And while I don't have a number on the gum divestiture to disclose to you, the idea that we have is really to get rid of all the stranded costs associated with the divestiture of gum in developed markets. So I can't be more precise, but so far, so good in terms of '24 expected financials I would say.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, Ken. No, you're absolutely correct and right in your analysis. We continue to see share repurchases as a key driver of total shareholder return. I do analysis regularly on the buybacks that we do historically, and we present them to our Board as well. I mean it's fair to say that all the repurchases we have done since the creation of Mondelez have yielded good -- very good returns, while in excess of our cost of capital. Our ability to buy back stock at this point in time is meaningful considering what we have bought so far this year. And look, we will remain flexible and disciplined. The reality is, I also believe that our stock is a bit undervalued at this point in time. And so we will be tactical in the way we approach this. But I don't have really much to add versus what you correctly said in your question. I also want to make sure that it is clear that this doesn't imply anything in terms of changes from our capital allocation framework. I mentioned Clif and Ricolino in the prepared remarks. I'm very pleased with the numbers that I see coming to. I think those were great opportunity for us to deploy capital. Dirk mentioned that we have some capacity constraints. There is nothing better in my mind that investing in brands that are proven like Oreo, Milka, Cadbury Dairy Milk. Proven proposition, distribution gains et cetera are really making the return on those investments quite good. And finally, dividends, we are committed, and we will continue to raise dividends in the foreseeable future. So strong cash flow, I think, you might have seen $0.5 billion up versus last year. Everything is going fine in terms of capital allocation, I would say.
Luca Zaramella: No, I think, that's absolutely correct. We are very happy with the loan tenure debt that we have. The average cost of debt is very compelling. It was a series of decisions that we took over the last few months, including the sell-down of KDP to really go and strengthen the balance sheet and making sure that we were not facing material pressure in the interest cost line. I think in hindsight that has proven to be quite a good decision. The reality is, I still see our stock as undervalued. And so when you look at the cash flow this year, and you adjust for the coffee taxes that are really one-time in nature, I mean, you start talking about $3.7 billion, $3.8 billion of cash flow generation. And I think if you take that and continuous growth of dividend, we have what it takes really to manage the business very well. And so I don't feel really compelled at this point in time to go and pay down more debt. We have some debt coming due next year. It is absolutely manageable. And when that comes due, hopefully, interest costs will be lower than today, but again, not really a major concern for me at this point.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. Maybe look, transparently and it is noted both on the pages of the prepared remarks and in my script. Argentina, I think, in total for the company accounted for a little bit more than two points, not much more than that. If you strip out gum completely from the year-to-date numbers and for the -- both volume and revenue, I would say there is no material change to either volume or net revenue. So in terms of growth rates, I would say Argentina is clear, but it has always been in that range, I would say, a little bit higher in Q3. In terms of gum, no material impact to the top line dynamics on both volume and revenue. I think as you go into next year, or as we go into next year, the inflation that you're going to see is higher than mid-single-digit. I think it is going to be towards the higher end of 5% to 10% at this point in time. Coco lately has had a material spike. The reason being the pulp count coming out of [indiscernible] and Africa has been materially different than what people expected, I would say. So there is pressure on coco. The good news is we are covered for a good portion of the first half next year, and we are protected as well for the remainder of the year. So I'm not going to give you a lot of details here, but you would expect inflation in general to go up. And lately, I think you know, energy costs have been going up a little bit more crude oil, particularly. So I would say we are not done, I believe, in terms of inflation at this point in time. There's still could be variability exchange rates is the other one that comes into play. But it might be a little bit higher than the mid-single digits we told you, but we are going to be flexible for sure. As we go through the plans, we have a sensitivity analysis, and we make sure that we are never going to be called by surprise here. Our coverage is favorable, but we will be pricing at replacement cost into '24.
Luca Zaramella: Thank you, David. I don't want to spoil the '24 guidance too much. I know you really want to get a sense of where '24 is going to be look at this point. We have made material investments in the business this year. We believe our categories are very sound across the world. I think we -- you saw the share numbers we have been posting. We are happy with overall business momentum. I don't want to say exactly how next year is going to play out at this point. I think your assertion on top line and bottom line is more or less correct. I said we are working through the implications of gum and the EPS impact of it and stranded costs. I'll give you a little bit more color in the next quarter. As far as distribution goes, look, particularly in emerging markets, there is a reason as to why we are telling you, China for us is okay or India is okay or Mexico is okay. And the reason is that our categories in general are underpenetrated. And the second reason I would say is there is a meaningful amount of growth, both in developed and emerging markets that is coming out of distribution gains. I think in the US, for a series of reasons you know, supply chain-related, we lost some PDPs along the way. We are reinstating those PDPs. We are going into alternate channels where our share is a little bit lower. So at this point in time, I feel good that you're going to see a good policy top line into '24. Hopefully, that helps, but I can't spoil it much more than that.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. So the numbers are somewhat impacted by the acquisitions as well. So the acquisitions are clearly incremental year-on-year and they make their way into overhead cost and particularly. So the way you have to think about our overhead cost is the following. We have been managing inflation quite effectively as a company. Inflation, though, particularly labor-related inflation, has been a little bit higher. In these numbers, there is a cost associated with our management incentive plan and long-term incentive plan. The company has done very well, and that has resulted in some incremental costs. All the rest in terms of corporate costs and other functions, we have been investing in three areas selectively. One, it is digital capabilities, and it is the biggest bump you see in corporate costs. We have been investing in sales, and we have been investing in marketing. All the other functions has managed inflation that is below of the revenue growth in their respective market. And functions like finance, particularly has been pretty much, I would say, a little bit higher than flat in terms of cost. So we have been selectively investing in three areas digital services, sales and marketing, and that will continue into next year. All their assets being kept absolutely in control. And then there is a cost associated with the acquisitions and management incentive plans. That's a simple way you have to think about it. Where do we spend in terms of investments? We will continue investing in sales capabilities, particularly in emerging markets. We will continue to invest in marketing, both people and A&C, as we call it. And in terms of digital, there is going to be an acceleration. We are looking into as a major investment that is coming our way and that is both capital and running costs, but it's too early to talk about that. So hopefully, that provides you with some color around our total overhead costs.
