Dexter Congbalay - Vice President: Good morning and thanks for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO and Brian Gladden, our CFO. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release and today's slides, which are available on our website, mondelezinternational.com. As you know, during this call, we'll make forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties. Please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Excuse me. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. You can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release and at the back of the slide presentation. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Irene.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President: Hey, David, it's Dexter. Just kind of a quick clarification. At CAGNY, you may recall, in developed markets this year we said it was going to be positive vol/mix for the year and emerging markets, excluding Brazil and Russia, would be positive for the year, including Brazil and Russia, emerging markets volume would be negative. We really didn't give a total company view, but yes you are right, the pricing benefit obviously should be much more muted than it was last year given the currency dynamics and the commodities dynamics and trends in vol/mix will definitely improve versus last year as well. And you started to see that play through in the first quarter.
Dexter Congbalay - Vice President: Hi, it's Dexter. Thanks for joining the call this morning. I'd be happy to take any further calls or comments as today is – the rest of the week and of course over the course of the day. And I'll be around to take any calls. Thank you again.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, Chris, I think – look, we're very happy with the start, and I think it really does give us confidence as we think about the year, but it is just one quarter in an environment where, I think, it makes sense to be prudent. You've got an operating and currency environment that's pretty volatile. Consumer demand is somewhat soft, especially in emerging markets. And then we've got a lot going on in the transformation agenda. So, while we're executing well and we're doing the things that we can control and they are on track. I'd just say that the first quarter gives us a nice foundation to feel confident about the year and we'll leave it at that.
Brian T. Gladden: No, I said it's about a 200 basis point margin improvement is what we're expecting, and that's the current outlook. So that does put you at the lower end of that range. And it's 200 basis points. So we feel pretty good about that.
Brian T. Gladden: Andrew, and that was improving in the second half of last year as well. So, I mean, it's not surprising.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, Bryan, I guess it's hard to predict where the negotiations go and the magnitude of an impact would really depend on the outcome of those negotiations. I think as I said, we'll incur some one-time costs, but that's about building business continuity capability and being ready. We're trying to strike a balance, I would say, between the inventory necessary and a business continuity plan, but also the incremental costs. So, we've taken into the account in our plans the possibility of disruption, but again, we'll plan accordingly and we'll deal with that as it happens, but it's hard to predict where that goes.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, on the equity income line, as I said, the two larger investments there, JDE and Keurig both delivered in line with our expectations, maybe a little bit better in the quarter. I don't see anything that changes our expectation for the year. They're delivering on commitments and I don't think that changes at all. Interest expense, as I signaled in the comments, we're telling you it goes down by about $25 million for the year. It reflects the lower run rate we're seeing in some of refinancing activities we had in the first quarter and a little bit of currency. We're not necessarily dropping that through in terms of the outlook, but it does provide a little bit of an opportunity there.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, I'll take the first part. On JDE and Keurig, I mean we provided a page in the web deck that gives you the pieces to estimate that for the year. Nothing's really changed with that. And again, these are private companies. We don't plan on providing a lot of visibility to the ongoing performance or the details of that.
Brian T. Gladden: It's just simply the timing of some spending that we would have initially probably expected in the first quarter that's sliding into the second quarter. So, we saw a little bit of a benefit on our SG&A in Q1, and it'll be a little bit of a headwind in Q2. Total year doesn't change at all.
Brian T. Gladden: Well, I think it starts with ultimately getting the pricing right, which is clearly what's driving EEMEA and Latin America in the short term. But I do think it's the fundamental work that we're doing on getting net productivity to flow through and gross margins improving, while these regions are also doing ZBB and implementing shared services and all the things that are helping us reduce overhead. So the fundamental cost structure of the regions has gotten better. If we can get pricing right in the markets, we'll see improvement there, and that's what we saw in both EEMEA and Asia Pacific in the quarter, and Latin America was really the pricing challenge and the currency dynamics in Brazil that hurt us. So good progress there, but it's the same fundamental game plan and initiatives that are driving margins everywhere.
Brian T. Gladden: Yeah, look, we continue to focus on Power Brands as a priority, and clearly, there are some opportunities as you look at parts of our portfolio. We have an announced transaction that was in the press involving parts of our French business we sold to Eurazeo, which for us these are a very rational set of actions that are consistent with our agenda here. So we focus on Power Brands and our portfolio. We simplify our supply chain and allows to us invest behind the brands that have the highest returns. So that transaction is something that will likely close in 2017, as you get through regulatory approvals and works councils and all the things that go with that. But I would say that's just part of what we're doing as we think about focusing on Power Brands and there could be more opportunities like that, but nothing to talk about today.
Brian T. Gladden: David, what I would say is, we continue to work through that. I would tell you that as we work through it from a tax rate standpoint for modeling purposes, we don't anticipate any impact. There are some other things, as you mentioned, that we'll continue to work through and gain a better understanding of how they may impact us, but nothing to share at this point.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No. Actually, Chris, I think a big part of the strong vol/mix performance that you're seeing is that we've now gotten a lot of that behind us. Our gaps are closing. We've continued to invest in our franchises, particularly our Power Brands and that's playing itself through in vol/mix, as well as in our share performance. I think the markets that we've called out like Russia, like Brazil, that remain quite challenging from an inflationary and currency standpoint, are the places where there probably will continue to need to be some pricing. But for the most part, most of that pricing is behind us and that gives us great confidence with the foundation that we've built.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well I think, Andrew, the simple answer there's a difference between consumption and shipment. So if Easter was essentially only a week earlier, so most of our shipments last year were in the first quarter. It doesn't change that much, but obviously the consumers' purchasing pattern happens within a week or so of the holiday. So you're going to see the impact. Our consumption was closer to the overall category growth, but our shipments don't reflect that, one because of revenue management, but two because it didn't have that much of an impact on our shipments to our customers.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No, we feel very good about the underlying momentum in our developed markets. Strong vol/mix performance as well as – they were doing that while Europe is up 400 basis points and North America up almost 300 basis points. So I feel very good about the hard work that they did over the course of the last year to get the businesses to win and then the opportunity now to build on top of that base. So I think the underlying momentum that we're seeing is solid and will continue for the balance of the year.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, Bryan, again, the comps do get more difficult, but in part it was because we began, as Brian said, we began to make investments. We got a lot of the pricing behind us as we were in the back half of last year. And so the foundational things that we're doing in terms of reinvesting in high ROI marketing initiatives and continuing the expansion of some of our proven innovation platforms, all of that is in place. As you saw in the first quarter, our A&C is up over 9% of revenue. We're continuing to invest in our key franchises. And that will just continue as the year progress. So, yes, we have a headwind from some of these more volatile emerging markets, but as I said in my remarks, we feel pretty comfortable that we've accounted for those against the stronger momentum that we should see everywhere else.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: With respect to revenue management, Jason, we think the opportunity is sizable, particularly on the trade side. And particularly as we think about increasingly focusing on our Power Brands and on our high-return activities. The challenge, of course, is the pace of implementation because it does have an impact in the short term, typically on volume, on share, on customer relationships. And so our approach remains to strike the right balance among all of those variables, but I'm quite confident you will continue to see the benefits of that playing through our margin profile.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Well, good question, Rob. I would tell you that probably the single biggest impact on the overall category growth is the U.S. It's our biggest biscuit market and we did see that category slowing down. There's a lot of factors that contribute there. Some of our biggest customers are changing some of their merchandising policies, which is having an impact. I think we're still performing quite well within those constraints, but it is having somewhat of an impact on our overall performance. So, I think the facts are, our revenue in aggregate in North – our biscuit revenue in North America was up almost 3%, very strong vol/mix, but the category itself was a little weaker than we had seen, and our approach to that is just to continue to invest in our strong brands, to continue to introduce innovation like OREO Thins and GOOD THiNS, which are driving very strong results, and continuing to leverage the fact that we've got much more flexibility in our packaging capability as a result of the addition of assets like Salinas. So, I think we are clearly in charge of the category performance here in the U.S., and we have very strong plans in place to continue to drive that. So I would not read anything more than that into these results
Irene B. Rosenfeld: No, we've accounted for it in the context of our overall A&C. We're getting very good returns on our investments behind our Power Brands in the U.S., and we're going to continue to make those investments, so it is accounted for in our aggregate budget. We're very pleased with the early response both from our customers and from our consumers. As I mentioned, it's a 1.4 share after just a couple of weeks in the market. And so we will support it, but it is accounted for in the overall A&C targets that we've given to you.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: You know, David, it's a little hard to tell you are we at the bottom. What we're seeing is certainly worse than what we were seeing last year. And our team is managing through it. There's a little bit of a different situation in Russia versus Brazil, but they're both inflationary markets that are causing us to have to price. And it's having some impact on our categories and on consumer demand. So, we do remain cautious about the operating environment in both of those markets. We don't see any near term catalyst, too much of a change. But we're also not expecting it to get dramatically worse. So again, as I said in my remarks, we believe we've accounted for it in the outlook that we're giving to you, but it is one of the reasons that we are being cautious as we think about our outlook for the future.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: The simple answer is yes. We've taken a number of steps in Europe to get ourselves fit to win and I'm very pleased with the progress that the team has made. Without a doubt we took a very significant revenue management action in Germany last year. We will lap that as we exit the second quarter. And the rest of our business, I'm actually quite pleased to see strong performance on our chocolate business in Germany, ex that customer. We've gotten a terrific response to the incremental investments we have made in our UK chocolate business, where our shares are up almost a point in that geography. Our Power Brands are performing well. So I think we needed to reset our base and address the cost impact on our P&L. We have done that and you're seeing their impact in our gross margins, our operating margins, as well as a return to growth in the region.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: Simple answer, Josh, is they're quite sustainable. The bulk of that net productivity is just coming from some of the fundamental work we've done with our teams on Lean Six Sigma and the improvements that we're seeing as a result of that. And that is a gift that keeps giving. We certainly are beginning to see some of the benefits of the 40 plus Lines of the Future that are operating around the world, and that is part of the algorithm that allows us to have great confidence, not only about our margin targets for this year, but the 2017 to 2018 target that we've given to you, as well. So it is a combination, but the bulk of it is driven by fundamental execution of our productivity programs around the world, and we're very pleased with that performance.
Irene B. Rosenfeld: So, first of all, with respect to A&C, our A&C is up about low-single digit, mid-to-low single digits, and again, as part of our overall plan to continue to improve our share of voice, you will see that going up for the full year. So there's nothing anomalous about the first quarter and we are very pleased that given the strong performance that we are seeing on our margin improvement, we have the opportunity not only to drop that money to the bottom line, but also to reinvest in areas that get a good return for us. With respect to innovation, we continue to have a very strong portfolio of platforms, and you will continue to see us take those ideas around the world. And so, for example, OREO Thins started in China. We have expanded it to the U.S., Canada, and now into Australia. It's going to be about a $200 million business for us this year. belVita Crunchy, we started in many markets with a soft version, we now we have a hard version, we call it belVita Crunchy, that's going to be about $500 million for us this year as we expand it to a variety of different markets. We have a number of innovations on our Cadbury Dairy Milk and Milka franchises that we're taking around the world. So net-net, we've been seeing a double-digit contribution to our revenue growth from these innovations and you'll see that continue and a portion of our investment, as I talk about spending in the 9% to 10% range on A&C, a portion of that is in support of those franchises
Irene B. Rosenfeld: The simple answer is yes, David. So as we said to you, our long-term algorithm is a much better balance between pricing and vol/mix. We were very skewed in these last two years or so because of the very significant impact of currencies, as well as some of our inputs like cocoa. As we move forward, we should see a much different relationship and I think you're starting to see the impact of that play through in our first quarter as you can see pricing is a lesser impact and we're starting to see, even though vol/mix in aggregate is still negative, it's an improved trend and certainly I'm very pleased to see three of our five regions with positive vol/mix.
