Christopher Jakubik: Thanks, Paula, and good afternoon, and thanks, everybody, for joining us. With me are Irene Rosenfeld, our Chairman and CEO; and Dave Brearton, our Chief Financial Officer. Earlier today, we sent out our earnings release. The release, along with today's slides, are available on our website, kraftfoodscompany.com. As you know, during the call, we'll make some forward-looking statements about the company's performance. These statements are based on how we see things today. Actual results may differ materially due to risks and uncertainties, so please refer to the cautionary statements and risk factors contained in our 10-K and 10-Q filings for more details on our forward-looking statements. Some of today's prepared remarks include non-GAAP financial measures. And you can find the GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations within our earnings release as well as at the back of the slide presentation.  So now let me turn it over to Irene.
Christopher Jakubik: Yes. Eric, it's Chris. Frankly, it was just -- in terms of timing of bookings some of the corporate expenses, didn't relate to the spin. In fact, when you look at it year-to-date, it's lower than it was last year, and as a percentage of net revenue, it's coming down as we would've expected from synergies.
Christopher Jakubik: So I think that concludes the call. And as usual, Dexter Congbalay and I will be around for any follow-up questions from the analysts and Mike Mitchell will be around for any questions from the media. So thanks very much for joining us today, and we'll speak to you soon.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Chris, and good afternoon. Q3 was another strong quarter within a very challenging macro environment. We continue to have good momentum in all geographies on both the top and bottom lines. On the top line, consumers are responding favorably to our investments in new products and in better and more effective advertising. This has been a powerful combination. It's enabled us to take the necessary pricing to offset unprecedented increases in raw material costs, while delivering solid volume mix and market shares.  On the bottom line, we grew our underlying operating income at a double-digit rate, both in the third quarter and through 9 months. We did this by effectively managing our input costs through pricing and productivity while leveraging overheads and driving integration savings.  Our profit growth is broad-based. We're delivering higher profits in every geography. This reflects the virtuous cycle across the portfolio. We're also growing operating EPS double digits. And we're doing this even as we increase investments to drive future growth. But what gives me even greater confidence as we look ahead is the excellent momentum on each of the businesses that will comprise the new North American Grocery and Global Snacks companies. Let's start with North American Grocery.  These businesses are delivering strong revenue and profit growth. In fact, the fundamentals are better than ever. Tony Vernon and his team are driving growth through great marketing and a solid pipeline of new products. Through the first 9 months, we've increased our advertising and consumer investments on key brands. Our big bet grocery innovations have added more than $350 million in net revenues. This stepped up innovation, together with increased brand support, has enabled us to offset significantly higher input costs through pricing.  And finally, we're continuing to make tangible progress in End-to-End Cost Management. We're leveraging our Lean Six Sigma efforts and driving negative overhead growth to cut costs while at the same time improving effectiveness. Turning to our Global Snacks portfolio. It's already delivering strong growth, and we've only begun to tap its potential. Most important, all parts of the Snacks portfolio are growing. Global Biscuits is up 9% year-to-date on a constant-currency basis. Developing Markets are up more than 20%. China and Russia are leading the way with Biscuits in each country growing more than 40%. This strong performance is driven in part by a combination of revenue synergies from the LU Biscuit acquisition and the beginning of synergies from Cadbury. Global Chocolate is up 8%. This includes low teens growth across our Developing Markets. India increased nearly 50%, and we also delivered strong growth in Brazil, Argentina, Russia and Ukraine. Gum & Candy is up about 2%. As I discussed last quarter, we continue to see success in our Developing Markets with growth of nearly 9%. Candy is up double digits led by Halls and Eclairs. Performance was especially strong in India, China and Turkey. Turning to Gum. In Brazil, Trident has achieved record market share and revenue is up more than 15%. In Japan, Gum has grown double digits led by strong performance of Clorets and Stride. What's more, we've expanded market share by more than 3.5 points. So Gum & Candy is on a roll in Developing Markets. The challenge remains in Europe and North America where the Gum category is down in most markets.  The short- and long-term fixes for Gum in developed markets that we outlined on our call last quarter are on track. Our market shares are beginning to stabilize. In fact, our U.S. Gum share was essentially flat versus last quarter. While that's not where we want to be, we are making progress. Three months ago, we discussed the importance of innovation and the need to hit lower price points in the Gum category. In the third quarter, we introduced several new flavors of Base Trident and Trident Layers as well as new Stride Whitemint, featuring Olympic snowboarder, Shaun White. And later this month in North America, we're rolling out smaller $0.50 packs of Trident and Stride. Together, these actions are helping our Gum business and the category get back on track. As we move forward, we remain confident that we'll see continued improvement. In terms of Cadbury integration synergies, we're fully on track with our targets. We're on plan to capture 70% of the cost synergies by year end. These savings are already showing up as overhead leverage in a number of businesses. Revenue synergies are also on track, and we expect them to contribute about 50 basis points to our top line growth in 2011. In short, we're quite pleased with our strong performance this quarter.  So now let me turn it over to Dave to provide more details on our results.
Irene Rosenfeld: Thanks, Dave. Let me update you on the process of preparing for the launch of our 2 new companies. Over the past 3 months, we've made great progress. Since our last presentation at the back-to-school conference in September, we've defined the strategic foundations for each. This work included the detailed brand splits and licensing structures between the 2 companies. The most significant of these was about the Planters brand.  Specifically, we decided that Planters would fit best within the North American Grocery company. Why? Because Planters is a U.S.-only business. Most of its sales are in supermarkets, and its route to market and supply chain aligns much better with a warehouse network rather than with the direct store delivery systems used for cookies and crackers. Until the separation is completed though, the business will continue to be managed and reported as part of U.S. Snacks. We've also decided on the name for the North American Grocery company when it launches next year. It will be Kraft Foods. This company will keep the Kraft name because it has very strong consumer recognition and brand equity in the U.S. and Canada. We're still working on the name for the Global Snacks company, which will be put to a shareholder vote in May.  In addition, the tax filings in the U.S. and Canada are on track with the Canadian filing recently submitted. And we'll file our initial Form-10 during the second quarter next year.  We're well underway in designing the frameworks for each organization. Transition teams across the company are developing detailed plans to prepare for this stint. Finally, we expect to renounce the leadership for each company by the end of the year. So to summarize, our momentum remains strong across our businesses and around the world. We've raised our outlook for 2011, and we remain confident that we'll perform in the top tier of our peer group for the full year. We're on track to take the next logical step in our transformation: The creation of 2 highly attractive, independent public companies, each with a clear mandate and each with the ability to deliver attractive returns to shareholders.  With that, let me open it up for your questions.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes, I think it's a really important question, Bryan, and what I will tell you, probably, most important is we are dividing and conquering. And so Tim McLevish and his team and the work streams that are focused on the spin, much of that is backroom stuff, much of that is at corporate. And those teams are very much focused on execution of the spin. Those are different people than our business operators who are very much focused on delivering the business results. And we are incenting -- all of our employees are incented on KFT and our shareholders in KFT, and I'm quite confident that that will enable them to remain focused on delivering the results that we have committed to.
Irene Rosenfeld: Absolutely. We will set the 12-month target. We don't know exactly when the spin will be completed. What we have said is that it will be done by the end of the year, and we will go out with 12-month targets for the full company. And that is what our folks are incented on.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. Just it happens to be related to the legal structure, and -- but I promise you it will be a delicious name, and we will share it with you as soon as it is public.
Irene Rosenfeld: And answering the question, Eric, why are we doing this, I'll come back to the fact. We were very clear when we announced it. We are doing this from a position of strength. Our business has never been healthier around the world. But we do see, as we have evolved our portfolio, we have 2 very distinct portfolios between our Global Snacks business and our North American Grocery business. They're different brands, they have different profiles, they have different margin structures. And we really believe, as we look at them, the opportunity to address their different selling needs, their different routes to market and the different and manage -- opportunity to manage them differently can create greater value for each of those businesses independently, than we would be able to create together. And that's why we're choosing to separate them. It has -- we feel terrific about the underlying momentum of the business, and I feel quite confident that as we set up these 2 companies, they will be 2 world-class companies that will be successful.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I will say we feel good about the response that we've seen so far around the world. The elasticity levels, especially in North America, have been in line with what we had expected. And I think the 2 metrics that we look at that give us the most confidence is the strong vol/mix performance underneath the revenue growth as well as the strong market share performance. I think the combination of the investments that we've made in our brand, the big bets that we've made on new products, as well as the relentless focus that [indiscernible] and the team has placed on cost management, have all been the factors that enabled us to essentially win in this very challenging environment.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I mean, we take the presence of private label very seriously as they are an important player in the marketplace. But we believe that the key to success is to have strong brands that are well supported with a strong innovation pipeline, and that's been the key to our performance. I would say the -- one of the lessons that was learned in 2008 was that when a lot of our retail partners supported private label to the exclusion of the strong brand, the categories did not perform well. And I think it was a really important lesson that was learned, and it's making the response this time around quite different. And at the end of the day, our obligation and our ability to compete is to drive traffic to their stores. And again, as long as we have strong brands that are well supported and a strong innovation pipeline, that's what gives us the ability to be able to take the pricing.
Irene Rosenfeld: Yes. First of all, what I would tell you is, as we contemplated the best way to do the split, we try to get the right balance of understanding the different business characteristics as well as making sure it was simple to execute. And so we chose to keep our International business essentially intact because it's primarily a Snacking business. 85% of the revenue in the International business is in Snacks. And then we kept in primarily coffee and powdered beverages in selected geographies for scale purposes. Brands like Philly are very strong contributors to portfolios like in Europe. I mean, in fact, it was up about 19% in the third quarter as it was elsewhere in the world. So the reality is these are businesses that are a part -- particularly in a given country, they are an important part of the overall portfolio that we take to market in a particular country. It does not significantly impact the overall profile of the snacking company. And in fact, the simplicity of North American Grocery in terms of being concentrated in the U.S. and Canada is part of what allows us to do some things differently than we would be able to do otherwise in terms of systems support, in terms of sales support and a lot of the infrastructure. And that's really the basis for our ability to simplify that business and drive down the cost structure considerably. So it was a consideration, a practical consideration of how best to execute this in a way that would allow the business to continue to perform. But it was also part of the rationale for the North American Grocery business is to make it a much more focused homogeneous business, and in that sense, we felt that this is the right way to execute it.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, it's actually -- the DSD consideration is primarily a North American consideration. But certainly, the route-to-market, the commonality of the portfolio within the Global Snacking business makes the route-to-market and our selling to distributors in the various countries that much easier.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I think we quoted some of the incredible statistics. I talked about some of the incredible statistics in some of our company -- countries around the world. But I mean, as we look at some of the Developing Markets, we look at our Biscuit business. In the third quarter, Biscuits were up more than 26%; China was up 55%; Brazil, 23%; Russia, 59%; Chocolate grew 12%; India led the pack with really over 40%; Russia grew 22%. I talked about the record performance of Gum in markets like Brazil, which was up in the high double digits, so -- and it's no accident. That 15% growth that we just delivered in Developing Markets was quite pretty much across-the-board.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, I would say, actually, the strategy of GroceryCo does not look dramatically different than from the strategy of North America today. And I think the underlying momentum that we're seeing in our North American business, again, the factors that have contributed to that success, the focus on key brands, the distortion of our investment, the strong innovation pipeline, all of those will be important contributors together with the cost discipline. All of those will be important contributors to the success of GroceryCo going forward. And so we feel quite good about the team in place and the results that they are delivering. As we have said before, the Board has an obligation to carry out its fiduciary responsibility to follow with this from the process, which is what is going on right now. But we remain confident that we'll be in a position to make the announcements by the end of the year.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, at this point, Andrew, we are still talking about what percent of revenue is essentially flat or growing. And we think that's the best broadbrush metric to use. Obviously, our focus internally is looking at key categories and key brands versus key competitors but I think as an aggregate metric to just give you a sense of the health of the business. And again, I think the best shorthand we can provide to you as to why we have confidence about the strength of our brands and why we have performed well even as we have taken pricing; the fact that we've been able to hold share in North America and about half of our categories hold our gross share, and that internationally in Developing Markets in Europe, it's upwards of 60%, is what gives us great confidence that together with the vol/mix performance that we have the ability to continue to invest in our businesses and drive the performance that we've committed to.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, obviously, we're not going to talk about results month-to-month. There's a fair amount of volatility that, obviously, a lot of it has to do with our programming. But I would tell you that we feel quite good about the fact that we are just about now to lapse the pricing that we took last year. And given the strength that we're seeing in our franchises, we feel quite good about where we stand. So I don't think -- I think the results, as we exit the quarter, are indicative of what we're carrying into the fourth quarter, and we have every confidence that we will deliver the results that we've suggested.
Irene Rosenfeld: Jon, that will be a tough thing to do because I was quoting some specific figures within Developing Markets. Obviously, I -- we know we have our -- the global category results that I mentioned in my scripts at a very high level. But to be able to do the component, the vol/mix and pricing pieces of it, it's many different countries and it would be an almost impossible task. So we actually don't look at it that way. What you can look at is the vol/mix contribution within each of our key geographies, which you saw was quite positive underlying the 1.4 points of vol/mix contribution year-to-date. So actually, the 1.4 was third quarter. And so I think you can see that each geography had a very strong aggregate performance. North America was down slightly. The other geographies were up. And those were the components, but it would be impossible for us to try to break those down at a global level.
Irene Rosenfeld: Well, first of all, when you think about the synergies and the integration activities, the vast majority of those are outside North America, as you know. So there's been no change to that. And as we've said, we're on track for the $750 million of cost synergies as well as the billion dollars of revenue synergies that we've identified, and there's no change there. Probably, the only place where it's a relevant conversation is in our Canadian business because we had completed that integration, and we are splitting that up. But we made the decision that we didn't feel that that was an important -- enough consideration as we looked at the aggregate benefit to the company of splitting it up.
Irene Rosenfeld: Not at all. In fact, it's important that our Biscuit business and the Gum business are integrated and are ready to go as we create the U.S. Snacks business going forward.
Irene Rosenfeld: Nothing. We're still on track, we're delighted by the retailer response that we've gotten, we expect very strong distribution and we fully expect that this will enable us to participate fully in the premium Coffee segment in the U.S.
Irene Rosenfeld: No, Rob. We actually -- obviously, we feel good about the work, the support that we got in the Wal-Mart front end, and we talk a lot about that as a consideration as we thought about where the business was [indiscernible]. But I will tell you that it is disproportionately a center of the store supermarket business despite the fact that we've been -- made some good penetration in some of these other locations and some of the other outlets. And on that basis, together with the considerations of supply chain, as well as the fact that it's a warehouse distributed product, led us to the conclusion that it would be best served in the North American Grocery business. That said, we have high expectations for it. It's on a roll. We had a very strong quarter, and we expect to see continued growth as we go forward.
Irene Rosenfeld: At this point, we have made no announcements about what happens with the group. We're working our way through that as we think about a number of the other items regarding the spin.
Irene Rosenfeld: Actually, the most revenue synergies that we've seen so far have come from the LU Biscuit synergies. I think we're seeing that play through in some of our marketing and merchandising activities. We're seeing it play through in the launch of ideas like chocobakery, which is essentially the integration of Biscuit and Chocolate. And so that's the bulk of what we're seeing playing through. That said, we certainly are beginning to see some of the Cadbury synergies play through in a number of markets, primarily on the distribution side. So, for example, in markets like Brazil, we've now got Kraft products that are being sold in twice as many outlets, going from about 300,000 outlets to almost 700,000 outlets. I've talked about the investments that we've made in India that have -- and basically, we're distributing our Oreo product through the chocolate distributors in India. In Mexico, we're combining the 380,000 outlets that Cadbury had together with the outlets that Kraft biscuits were distributed in. So we're seeing those kinds of contributions in the course of the year. But the bulk of those revenue synergies will really start to hit us in 2012 and 2013.
Irene Rosenfeld: I think that was one of our very entrepreneurial activities, but I don't think it was a big strategic place for us. I don't see a big push behind that one. But I think we've got about $400-plus million of very strong innovation that is at the root of our performance.
David A. Brearton: Sure. It's Dave. I think -- as we sit here today, I know that commodities have come down over the last month or so, but that's on the headline commodities. We -- as you look year-over-year, we would still expect to see a cost increase in the fourth quarter, and as you look at the full list of potential cost increases, including packaging, energy, transportation and more secondary ingredients. As we sit here today, we would still see costs up again next year. Nowhere near the impact we've had this year, that could obviously change positive or negative, but certainly not like this year. But I think most important, our intention would be to price away the input cost inflation the same as we had this year and to drive our brand equity investments through continued overhead and productivity drive focus. So I think the strategy will be the same, but we're not expecting any reduction as we sit here today next year.
David A. Brearton: We have not announced any increases for 2012. We still have some pricing that we've announced this year that is not yet fully implemented in a couple of categories and geographies. But we have not yet announced the 2012.
David A. Brearton: The organic revenue guidance we're giving excludes the incremental calendar timing. So we've had a few minor calendar changes actually as we've gone through this year, as we bring on the LU and Cadbury businesses and sort of threw things up. But when we report organic revenue growth, it's on a comparable basis, so it excludes that kind of incremental benefit.
David A. Brearton: The short answer is yes. We announced in CAGNY that we were targeting 4% of our cost of goods sold as productivity going forward. We're on track to deliver that this year, and we would expect to deliver that going forward as well. And that cuts across the entire supply chain. In our factories, we're doing a lot of work with Lean Six Sigma techniques. It was led by North America, but we've taken that globally now. We have a procurement program. We called it SAVOR, and we introduced that a couple of years ago. And that continues to deliver benefits. And obviously, we have a lot of logistics benefits as we sort of leverage both of those things to relook at our networks. So it is across the entire supply chain than it is globally. And all 3 of our geographies will hit that 4% number. So it's pretty -- it's got good momentum.
David A. Brearton: It's basically -- obviously, we had a very favorable tax rate in quarter 3. We had some one-off benefits in quarter 3. I think quarter 4, I would expect a return to the normal guidance we gave you in a kind of low-30s tax rate. And I would use that as you're thinking going forward so.
David A. Brearton: I think that would be kind of our ongoing normal tax rate. So if nothing else onetime happens, it will kind of in that low-30 range.
David A. Brearton: It has. I mean, I think a few years ago, our tax rate was more in the sort of 33% to 35% range. And we've been sort of guiding you towards low-30s, and that really is the geographic mix playing out. So we would expect to see that continue going forward.
David A. Brearton: I'll answer the first question, Eric. Yes, we have not yet given out guidance on what the cost of executing the transaction will be. We have said there will be some costs related to the tax impact from this aggregate in the legal entities. So these are refinancing costs and advisory fees, and there'll be some costs around setting up the 2 companies to be successful as we go forward. So we've outlined there will be some costs. We have not quantified them. We're actually in the process now of going through the detail separation planning. And so I think as -- we'll have more information probably in early next year, and we'll hope to comment there when we do the quarter 4 release to give you more insight into that.
David A. Brearton: No. Now the $0.03 on Page 8 is actually just the January benefit. So last year, we only had 11 months; this year, we had a full year of Cadbury. So we called that out because it's not really operating growth, it's just an extra month of earning. So we've called that out separately. We said at the start of the year that Cadbury would be slightly accretive this year, and we're still on track for that. So you should -- it's not baked, but it will be slightly accretive this year.
David A. Brearton: No, there's nothing in there on the split, onetime costs or anything like that. It's really is just timing of expenses here. Corporate, we've just got a few loans to come through. We're still on track for the year, and truthfully, overhead continues to be a source of investment for the rest of the P&L, not the other way around.
David A. Brearton: And I think as you think about the different segments, Eric, we are going to be down in overheads year-over-year in North America, we'll be down in overheads year-over-year in Europe. And the overhead growth really is going to be driven by sales investments in Developing Markets. So that's what I mean by on track.
David A. Brearton: I think year-to-date, our spending is up year-over-year. It's probably in line with what we would expect, and we'd expect it to be up on the year as well. So we do continue to invest in marketing. We also invest in the sales, particularly in Developing Markets. So when we talk about investing for growth, it's really on those 2 pieces. And that's the key part of the strategy we'll continue to push going forward.
David A. Brearton: I would also just add that Philadelphia is the exception. So it is clearly shared and we are working through how we're going to manage that going forward. Most of the Grocery business in the Europe and Developing Markets is pretty unique. It's Vegemite in Australia, it's Simmenthal in Italy, it's Miracoli in Germany. It's a lot of brands that actually aren't shared with North America. So it's not really sort of cutting trademarks in half with the exception of things like Philadelphia, but that really is the exception.
David A. Brearton: I don't want to speculate, because a couple of days ago, I probably would've told you it was favorable. Yesterday, I probably would've said it was neutral. Today it's probably neutral or slightly positive, but it moves a lot. And so I think it's more likely to be neutral positive than neutral negative, but it's a bit early given the kind of volatility we got going on right now.
David A. Brearton: At this stage. I mean, and truthfully, even if I did, I wouldn't have to book here with [indiscernible] so.
David A. Brearton: In fact, we actually turned on the SAP system we have. We put Cadbury on to that on October 1 here in the U.S. So we continued very much with that integration because we need that as we go forward.
David A. Brearton: I guess on both of those, I will just refer you to the annual guidance, really. I mean, we will be 6% or higher on the revenue side. And in Developing Markets, in particular, I think the reason we made those comments is quarter 3 was so darn good. At 15%, we wouldn’t want people to think we're going to run at that rate going forward. We did have a couple of one-offs that helped us get that number. But Developing Markets is a double-digit growth business, and we would expect to see double-digit growth on the year. And we would expect to be 6% or higher on total KFT on the year. So I think on the revenue, that explains that. In terms of quarter 4 and the margin trends, we have a seasonal business. We sell different things as we go through the year. So traditionally, quarter 4 is a lower quarter in terms of margins. I think last year, in particular, it was lower because we made a decision to invest more for growth in the back half. So both quarter 3 and quarter 4 were a little bit lower than typical. And this year, frankly, I think it's a little more normal pacing of our operating income. So I think last year was a bit of an anomaly. But, yet, most years, you would see quarter 4 a bit lower than the other quarters. It just won't be as dramatic as it happened last year.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I think they started with a note yesterday. We said we would pay off that note when it came due with cash, and we did. So that one’s behind us. We had a $2 billion euro note in March, so there's a $900 million U.S. note coming due in June. We're still working through how to manage those maturities. Obviously, those are an opportunity to help us try to get debts on the right side. So we're working through our options as we speak, but we will probably need to refinance all or most of that in some fashion or other. But we're working through the option now, and we'll probably be able to give more details when we get to the Form-10 in quarter 2.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I think we've gotten a lot further but not to the point we're at liberty to tell you much. Again, we'll come to you in probably quarter 2 when we file the Form-10. We're working through the various scenarios. But before we can decide where the bonds go, we have to make sure we understand where all the liabilities go within the rest of the balance sheet and make sure we've really thought through the dividend policy of both then the capital structure and then the specific bonds. So there's a fair bit of work going on. And again, I think probably the Form-10 will be the point at which we'll be at liberty to be more specific on that.
David A. Brearton: Yes, I don't think you'll see a 45% increase in profit again going forward on the Developing Markets. They're doing really, really well. But that included a lot of onetime stuff as we discussed. But I think it is fair to say that, as we continue to grow double digits in Developing Markets and more in the sort of low single digits in North America and Europe, you're going to see an ongoing progression to lower tax jurisdictions. But that's not going to happen overnight. I think it will become a lot more visible when we get through the separation on Global Snacks as a standalone entity. It has 42% of this business in Developing Markets and 36% in Europe. Then I think you'll start to see that -- you'll probably start to see the impact of the migrating profit over time, so -- but in total KFT today, I think it's a -- it will show up but not quickly.
