Dirk Van de Put: Okay. Well, maybe I'll start with looking at the top line, and then maybe Luca can discuss Brazil. The first thing I would like to say is that the strategy is working well. We are pleased with our progress. We see good momentum in the business; we are delivering on and above our goals. Everything we put in motion a year ago about consumer-centric organization and increasing our speed, execution, and results, it's all working out probably faster than we expected. And in this quarter we saw some quality net revenue growth and also year-to-date as it relates to volume mix and price. The mix between developed markets and emerging markets or between global and local brands as the balance is there.And the category is strong, as you pointed out, Andrew. In many cases it's driven by us since we play -- we're a major player in the categories. And yes, we do have some challenges in Latin America, but otherwise our overall performance from net revenue through gross profit into OI is a very healthy equation, and it shows that the top line growth we're having combined with the cost discipline is working out for us. We did call up our full-year outlook to 3.5%-plus net revenue growth and an EPS of 5% to 7%. That means that, yes, we expect that Q4 will be a little bit lower. I would say, as you pointed out, Andrew, the first thing to keep in mind is the longer Easter season that we have this year, which will have an effect or lessen -- no affect in Q4, if I can say it like that.In Q3, we also lapped the heat wave we had last year in Europe which was beneficial to us, so that had a benefit. And so in Q4 we will not see any of these benefits. And overall we feel that our categories are somewhere between 3% to 4% growth, not fully the 4% that we saw in Q4. And we think that the categories will go back to a normal growth rate of around 3%-plus as we've been seeing all the time in reality. As it relates to 2020, we continue to see big opportunities for us to keep on driving the categories to improve our market share and increasing our investment in our brands, in our capabilities, but we have to remain a little bit mindful again about Brexit, which didn't happen this year, but it will have an affect or potential on the first quarter. We'll give you a full outlook on 2020 when we report the Q4 earnings, but I would say, yes, that's the way we're looking at Q4 right now.So, Luca, may be a bit on Brazil.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Maybe first of all it's a multiyear investment program. We are probably flowing less of our gross profit next year than this year into investments, but we want to keep on increasing our investment year-after-year. And this year, the investment was focused on an increase in our A&C, and increase in route-to-market investments, and to R&D, so innovation. So, Luca was talking about this virtuous cycle, which we want to continue. If I look at what that means for us going forward, I do not expect substantially these investments to change. We do have still areas of the world where we should be putting more and see investment in our brands, particularly the local brands which are accelerating, but they are yet not always on the right level of investment. We still have big route-to-market opportunities, if I think about China, India, where we have to go in third and fourth tier cities. And we for several years we want to be keep on investing, and you can imagine the same for places like Southeast Asia or Africa, where we need to keep on doing that.And then in R&D, we do want to continue to push on more agility and faster speed, and maybe a little bit less in the years to go forward than we did this year, but it's going to be largely the same three buckets that we are going to invest in. I would also say that apart from increasing our investment, we are also moving more of the investment within A&C into working media. And on top, we are trying to drive the ROI of our marketing spend. We've done things like consolidations of our agency, which drives value and gives us a more consistent quality globally, and we are also working quite hard on our point of sales execution investment, which we will continue next year. So, maybe a long answer to just point out where we are investing and the fact that we see that's continuing, it's working for us, and we feel that there's still a big upside in continuing to do so.
Dirk Van de Put: And I would add that at this stage we cannot talk about any slowdown as it relates to Brexit worries, as the numbers testified. So, we don't see -- at the moment we're preparing for it, of course, but we also believe that our categories, the snacking category is not necessarily going to go big swings up and down as consumer sentiment goes up and down. So, we hope that we will be a little bit protected from big consumer sentiment changes.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, at a larger scale I would say you can say we are really in the first part where we cannot really quantify it, we don't know what type of Brexit it will be. And so, we have not included the larger effect of Brexit into our thinking, but we always include which we will also do for 2020 is the short-term Brexit disturbance that you could have at the borders, where we need to increase our inventories. We need to book more transportation. We need to stock up our raw materials and packaging, and so on. That we have always done, and that we will continue to do, and that's included in our forecast, but if we would be a hard for Brexit with a devaluation of the bounds and a big consumer reaction, that is not included for us.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, first of all, I can say that in the background, there's a lot of work going on as it relates to Oreo in C-stores. It takes a while, we have to test our approach, see if it works. So, next year, we're expecting to make bigger strides as it relates to that. Just to clarify, our DSD does not work in the C-store channel. Obviously it's a system that works in the supermarket channel for us. So, we are not planning at this stage to use our DSD system for that, but we do have the right route-to-market setup, and we are building up the right programs and relationships with the clients, and we're expecting that next year we will show some significant progress.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes, so both markets are a little bit the same for us. We entered largely from what I would say as an opportunistic approach, trying to carve out as big a niche as we can. That would lead to a market share somewhere between 1%, 2%, may be 3%, best case. We were always aware of that. I would say now that both markets have very significant players here in the U.S. and in China that we would be up against. So, we didn't want to have sort of a major strategy or a major approach. We wanted to just capture the opportunity that we have, largely using Oreo as a brand. So far we have captured what we were planning to get, but we are not planning on pushing that into other brands or a major chocolate approach. We feel that we have other opportunities around the world, which are more -- which are biggest, and give us a better return, and we want to focus on both first before we want to enter those two big chocolate markets around the world, or increase our presence in those two big chocolate markets in China and U.S.
Dirk Van de Put: Yes. Well, the short answer to your question is, yes, they are spending more on the local brands, and yes, we're getting a return on that, and also, we're seeing an acceleration of the growth. So if I look at our local brands, for instance, in '18 they would have grown around 1%, year-to-date '19, they're growing about 3.5%, and they were even higher in Q3. So we clearly see the effect on our brands and we feel that we're getting a good return. Of course, we want those local brands to grow in line with the markets and they're about there, but there is still we feel the opportunity to keep on investing more. An example would be a brand like Pacific in China, which is very local brand, which is adapted to local flavors, biscuit brands, and it also has a health and wellness connotation. So that plays well, we're revamping LU in Belgium and France. And there's a number of these brands around the world which we think we need to really offer a full portfolio to our consumers. And again, to answer your question, clearly, yes, we have seen very clearly an effect on our local brands and it's working well.
Dirk Van de Put: Well, the brands that we are positioning on the breakfast occasion is belVita. BelVita is a biscuit that gives you a sort of a slow release of energy, gives you a four hour energy. It's a brand that's performing quite well and it's a mid-single digit growth at the moment, doing quite well particularly in the U.S. Our evolution for belVita is to offer it in more different forums going into a soft cake for instance, going potentially into bars and gradually expand the range of belVita to make it a fuller breakfast offering not only in U.S. but around the world and potentially also take the brand into mid-morning snacking, which could also be very interesting, and I think the brand has a credentials not only from a branding perspective, but also from the active ingredients to make that happen. That's really our focus for the breakfast occasion for us.
Dirk Van de Put: So, to your first part of the question, we didn't comp anywhere. Our PB expenses are up materially in Q3 actually more than only year-to-date basis. So, we protected the A&C investment, as these said many times there are a couple of things to bear in mind there. The first one is we are also skewing more towards working media. So that number that on the face of which is high in terms of total A&C is even higher in terms of working media and in the quarter and on a year-to-date basis. And the second element that has to be kept in mind is that management -- certainly management sitting at this table, but also management sitting in the business unit is not getting any past four A&C reductions in terms of incentive. So, if we deliver profit in a quarter through copying A&C, the number is not going count in terms of incentive that we're going to get at the end of the year, and I think that is an important step forward for the past, and the last thing we are going to do is copy and see even in a context where maybe -- we're under a little bit of pressure from a profit delivery.In Brazil, we did comp some A&C, but it was due to the fact that, we clearly didn't see it working. So, we are not going to be blind and say, yes, let's spend whatever, and no matter what, but I want to reassure that front, we're not going to do anything that we will regret in the medium to long-term. The PB categories in Brazil, it is north of $300 million. As I said, the category is a little bit challenged. We have big brands in there namely, Tang and Clight, and the local brand, which is called Fresh. We are facing a capital pressure point, one it is CSDs are taking share from the category, and the second element -- and so the category is shrinking a bit, and the second element is we are getting pressure from more competitive propositions and low price point propositions for consumers. So we are working on both and there is a more comprehensive plan we have in place for our beverages which hopefully will bring some positives, but I think it will take a little bit of time for that plan to really be in full effect and bring the capital back up and our share back up.
Dirk Van de Put: Thank you. I think we can stop the questions here. We are at the top of the hour. So, to wrap it up, our third quarter results, particularly our top line performance demonstrates the continued strength of our core categories and the power of our unique local and global brand portfolio. Our new strategy focused on growth, execution and culture is continuing to drive engagement and results across our business units.We are encouraged by our early progress against our strategy. We're equally excited about the opportunities that we see ahead of us, particularly for next year, and to increase further the momentum for our company. We see that in the form of expansion into adjacencies, driving market share gains in our existing portfolio, or reinforcing the growth potential of our categories. Our focus going forward remains on continuing to execute against our strategy, and ensuring that the company is well-positioned for sustainable growth and attractive long-term shareholder value creation.Thank you for dialing in. Thank you for your interest in the company, and talk to you next quarter.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, let me maybe just start by saying that Brazil for us is a large and complex market. We have clearly a big portfolio in there that spans pretty much across all the categories that Mondelez competing globally. We have a good set of global and local brands. And as you say, entering Q3 we had a material negative impact that was anticipated for the most part, and this negative impact quite frankly explains the entirety of the profit shortfall that we had in LA in the quarter versus last year. As you said, the issues are two-fold. As we discussed in the last quarter, some plant closures caused transition issues. We ended up line startups that were delayed and we faced extra cost. We ended up scrapping more products than we wanted to. And in addition to that, we had some extra logistics cost. I would say this first issue accounts for pretty much half of the material profit gap we saw in the quarter in LA and in Brazil, as I said.And the second issue is about powdered beverages, which is a material category for us both in terms of top and bottom line. The category itself is quite challenged at the moment, and our shares of market are declining. The declining trend accelerated a bit in Q3 versus what we saw in the first part of the year. And that resulted in revenue and profit shortfalls, also compounded by the fact that in a declining category and share environment we had to take out some trade stock in the quarter. So we're working on both fronts. And we are making good progress and with our supply chain. But as we said very clearly in Q3, we will still have some impacts in Q4, but the issue should get materially better as we enter 2020.For PBs, the issue is a little bit more accentuated, and it will take some time for us to address both the category and the share decline dynamics. I would also like to take the opportunity that you provided with your question to reiterate a couple of things. Despite, as I said in my written remarks or recorded remarks, the materiality of the issues in Brazil, and the fact that we are lapping the highest gross margin in Q3 last year, our virtuous cycle is working. GP, NOI are both growing sort of 4% on a year-to-date basis. As I said, when you take out Brazil gross margins, NOI margins are both up on a year-to-date basis. We are delivering the volume leverage and SG&A leverage as we planned.We continue with cost discipline. I think you see in the quarter a good number for SG&A. That number includes an increase in A&C, but the embedded ZBB behaviors we have are delivering savings. And all of these quite frankly gives me confidence that the model is working, and that we will deliver on our long-term ambition to grow OI and GP more than revenue. So, not ideal what we saw in Brazil in the quarter, but in the big scheme of things when you strip it out I think the model is working and the long-term algorithm we have in mind is safeguarded.
Luca Zaramella: I will comment for a second. All of this is contemplated in the mid single-digit guidance for OI growth that we gave you at Investor Day and the high single-digit EPS growth that again we gave you at Investor Day.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, I think it is. I'm particularly pleased about the fact that our top line is in the quarter off volume enough pricing. I think it varies a little bit by region. Clearly, we see pricing more pronounced in emerging markets and in North America, where the inflationary pressure has been a little bit higher than in Europe. Europe growth is mostly driven by volume. I think you see AMEA with combined strong volume growth and pricing. I'm happy to report clearly that North America has returned to volume growth this quarter.So, overall, we really like the algorithm. It is more volume-driven in developed markets, where margins are higher, and emerging markets, in relative terms, we see a little bit less volume and more pricing which again we like. So, in the big scheme of things, it is quite balanced and it is offsetting the inflationary pressure. We see quite frankly, though, that is also because we covered our commodity and ForEx exposure quite well. So I don't want to hint to any pricing going into next year, but if we have to mark-to-market, our commodities and ForEx impact would be a little bit higher than what you see in the P&L at the moment.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, maybe I'll comment on Brazil, a little bit on the U.K., and the impacts in here. So, on Brazil, the biggest impact that's been, you know, actual highest in both Q2 and Q3 that will still be an impact in Q4, but the impact will be substantially lower. Importantly, as we enter next year, the supply chain related issues should be fully solved or almost entirely sold. I think we will still see some issues related to powder beverages and competitiveness of Mondelez in that category. Remember in Q1, it is summertime, and so there is a big consumption. So, there might still be some PB, our powder beverage related issues in Q1.In U.K., I think we are quite frankly heating on all cylinders, the chocolate category is up, it is on the back of a hot summer last year, and the fact that Q3 was quite hot. So, there was a market de-cap, but importantly we're gaining share. Dirk alluded clearly to, or actually said that in Q3 the execution of Cadbury Dairy Milk and the campaign with Cadbury Dairy Milk Generosity is working very well, and we have seen material share gains. So, we are executing quite well around chocolate, but I would also say, around biscuits, which is the other good category. So, we are very pleased with the execution in that market.
Luca Zaramella: And I think if you look at the market and share for C-stores, I think we are having not as high as the opportunities yet, but we are gaining sharing in C-stores in biscuits as well.
Luca Zaramella: I think it is round about the same number, it is in the ballpark. I think clearly one of the components as I called out it is in relation to PBs, powder beverages, and some de-stocking we had in that category. But when you look at all the numbers excluding Brazil, you really see that the shape of the P&L is good, and as I said, particularly on the year, now we're spending the fact that in Q3 will not be the highest gross margin last year, particularly on a year-to-date basis, you see that virtuous model predicated on volume growth coming into fruition.
Luca Zaramella: Yes. I'm Luca. If you really look at percentages, I think on a year-to-date basis, we are under about 40%. I think we closed last year at 40.2%. So if we really want to dissect to the decimal points, yes, we are few decimal points behind. I don't think, Jason, there is anything structural besides Brazil. And Brazil again, as I dissect the issue, there is part of it that is going to persist to a certain extent into next year, and it is the powder beverage part of it. On supply chain, we should be fixed. I think as you look at all the components of the gross profit delivery, volume leverage is there. I think when you look at the volume mix that is 2%, that is a good number, I think that provides material leverage both into the GP line and the overhead line, and I think we see it coming into fruition.In terms of pricing, last year, we announced a couple of ways of pricing in the U.S. market, and I think as you look at the biscuit market specifically, you see volume and value going up. In that context, we are gaining share. I think in emerging markets, we clearly have the pricing discipline that is required. And quite frankly, it is a little bit more sophisticated than going out and announcing big price increases. It is leveraging the full array of pricing tools that we have, including previous optimization, promo intensity, price spec architecture, and as I answered before, if I look at the composition of the commodity and ForEx inflation, and the pricing, we have taken business unit by business unit, I think we did a good job in both emerging and developed markets. And productivity, it is a little bit lower than in the past years, not because gross productivity isn't there, it is there, but we are facing a little bit more inflation on the labor front and the logistics costs.So, as I dissect the gross margin components, and I take myself in a context where I say, "Okay, Brazil is a little bit of an outlier. Do I see us having material issues on price net of commodities, productivity, volume leverage?" The simple answer is "No." I think the one point is mostly attributable to Brazil, it is attributable to the fact that in Q3 last year, the number was higher than the rest of the year, 40% with Brazil embedded into the number, I don't think it is for us something that we should worry structurally about. I think, having said that, we need to continue working well on delivering volume on getting the productivities and pricing in line with inflation we see in the marketplace.
Luca Zaramella: Yes, yes. We are constantly evaluating, I would say largely in our bigger markets, what are the opportunities for us to do bolt-on acquisitions. Of course in the first place, we want to invest in our own local brands. But if we see a clear gap in the market and sorting the snacking landscape as we lay it out, and the brands fits their like differences this with recent acquisition of Perfect Snacks here in U.S., protein bar refrigerated largely based on nuts. That is something we don't have growing very fast. So, as we see these opportunities around the world, we are clearly engaging, we try to be disciplined. And so we only will do it when it makes financial sense for us and on top, we see a large runway towards becoming a significant brand. We do not want to buy brands that in the end will not be of significant volume and net revenue to make a difference for us, but yes, again the answer would be yes. And hopefully in the coming quarter, we will see the effect of that.
