Dave Lesar: Thanks, Jeff. Let me sum it up. As I said, 2016 is shaping up to be one tough slog through the mud and the industry is going to have to take it a quarter at a time. We have a seasoned management team and a proven playbook that has served us well during previous cycles and we're entering the year from a position of strength with a solid financial position. We are focused on maintaining a strong customer portfolio, investing in more efficient technology and delivering reliable, best-in-class service quality for our customers and are preparing the business for growth when the industry recovers. And as we demonstrated this year whatever the market gives us we will take it and then take some more. And finally, we remain fully committed to closing the pending acquisition of Baker Hughes. We are diligently focused on the regulatory reviews, the divestiture process and planning for integration activities after we close the deal. So with that, let's open it up for questions.
Dave Lesar: Maybe one further comment. I mean, across the piece it's a tough slog in Latin America. Nearly every country is facing some sort of particular challenge, whether it's macroeconomic or just pure facing down commodity price, which is an example for a Colombia for example. So we're seeing historical lows in terms of rig activity in a couple of countries and I don't see that changing.
Dave Lesar: Yes, I mean, I'm talking almost every day with the CEOs of our customers and I would say that it's a real challenge out there. And I guess the way I would sum it up is there is sort of a constant revision of budgets going on and those revisions are clearly with a downward bias. So the way I would describe it is, right now, our customers don't know what they are going to spend, where they are going to spend it and when they are going to spend it in North America at this point in time, which is why I made the comment earlier we really are trying to run the business on literally a week-by-week, crew-by-crew, unit-by-unit basis until our customers see some stability in pricing where they can then put a stake in the ground. But until they can put that stake in the ground, we're just going to have to remain very flexible and I like our chances in that kind of a market.
Dave Lesar: They still compete with us. We're still running our companies separately and they are in the market making their own pricing decisions and where they tender and how they tender and we don't have any visibility into that.
Dave Lesar: Yes, I think, let me just add a little color to that. Of course the way you do business between international markets and the US market is also quite different. With the drilling and completion efficiencies that we've gotten in the US, the time to drill and complete a well has been dramatically reduced, which means the time between when you can price what does a frac cost or what does drilling cost or what does a mud job cost is very dynamic, very real time and it's very transactional. The international market still continues to be a long-term contract market. So the discussions that you have with customers around price concessions and scope changes is typically done within the context of an existing long-term contract, which gives you more of a seat at the table and more of an ability to convince the customer that what you're delivering is adding value or that you have ideas where their contracts can get more efficient and therefore reduce their cost per BOE. And customers always have the ability to go out on tender, but those things typically take a while to come to fruition. So I think really the velocity by which business is done in North America is quite faster than it does in the international market. And therefore, I think the margins will stay up at a higher level and not be compressed down to US levels.
Dave Lesar: Thanks. These are a good opportunity and we're seeing more of them. But I would say they are still on a relative basis a small part of our business. Market conditions are creating demand for these sorts of investments, but clearly they bring a different risk profile. And so with that, they've got to have some key criteria like good rocks, good terms and service pull-through. And so when we look in a commodity price like the one today, these projects will be more challenged. And what happens in those is we'll slow down activity around those the same as any operator would.
Dave Lesar: If I can add to that, if you look at where Europe, Africa would have the most concentration of offshore is really the weakest. However, we also saw out performance in that region and the Middle East, Asia has the highest concentration of mature fields and we also outperformed in that region. So both regions have been outperforming both on the onshore and offshore segments of our business.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Well, thank you, James. It really is around aggressive cost control. And we've been outperforming for a number of quarters. This looks like winning the right contracts and managing the heck out of the costs most certainly and it's also a mature field strategy in action. I mean, a big piece of this is mature fields and where we see the benefit of scope, scale and that clarity of strategy, it's a recipe for success. So really pleased with the performance and that team is right on top of their business.
Jeff Miller: Yes. So if we look at '16, I mean, it will be a tougher slog in '16, no question. I mean, we're seeing fairly constant pressure around negotiation and tenders. But, in some cases, we are having what I would say positive collaborative discussions with clients around how to reduce uncertainty, increase system efficiency. So certainly pleased with our performance right now.
Jeff Miller: Angie, this is Jeff. Attrition is really the story here and consistent with remarks before, we see today about half the equipment is idled. That's equipment that's not being maintained and is being cannibalized for parts more broadly. The service intensity, believe it or not, continues to creep up. So we saw a 9% sequential increase in profit pumped on a per well basis, which means equipment is working harder than it ever has. We estimate 4 million to 6 million horsepower that will be out of the market by the second half of 2016. My gut says we're at the top end of that range right now. And this is really why we're committed to Frac of the Future. I mean, it's the cost of the pump and it's the total operating cost of the equipment that matters in my view the most and that's what will have Halliburton best positioned for the recovery.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I mean, we don't see ourselves as competing with that group, but they are certainly aggressive in the marketplace. We haven't seen them back off. But, again, this is the reason why we have strategically invested in Frac of the Future and surface efficiency and then the custom chemistry that we deliver. I talked about some of that in my earlier comments, I mean, those are the things that differentiate Halliburton.
Jeff Miller: I think it's important, let me just follow that up because our D&E business is executing really well. I mean, those guys are dead focused on winning the right contracts. We're seeing the benefit of a lot of work in key markets for all of our D&E service lines.
Jeff Miller: Yes, Bill, this Jeff. I mean, we are always reducing costs and so as Dave described, it is a moving target. But there are still a number of areas where we continue to work on reducing costs, both at the variable cost, as well as around some of those sustainable fixed cost items like refining our maintenance processes takes out cost, value engineering exercises that are taking place. We, in one case took more than 20% of the cost out of 20 products. So we're constantly, as I say, reviewing the structure. But I do believe these are things that best position Halliburton for the recovery.
Jeff Miller: I think the investment internationally, at least by Halliburton, we were always sizing largely to the market that we saw. It's a little bit different than maybe what we saw in North America. And so I think that our ability to pull levers internationally in key markets is probably more focused. The - and again, I think the ability to size as we move along will bode well for us.
Jeff Miller: Yes, and so one of the things that we typically see internationally obviously that cycle lags the US cycle. And again these are also economies, in many cases, that are built around production of oil and gas. And so from an activity perspective, they tend to be, on a relative basis, more resilient. The second thing it does is it does provide the opportunity to better manage the work with some visibility, which helps us support margins and the second work with clients who are committed to a level of activity to then optimize that level of activity and that serves, I think, both our customers and us.
Jeff Miller: I think it's more of a shift between exploration and development may have a bigger impact than maybe onshore or offshore. Onshore is certainly an important and growing piece of our business in certain markets. But when we get to not only drilling, but also completions of the development space is right in our wheelhouse and we've seen, as the markets have contracted, quite a move that direction.
Jeff Miller: Yes, this is Jeff. Look, we're excited about that arrangement and we think it's a great combination. A couple of points though, I think it demonstrates the value of DecisionSpace and its ability to adapt to and help in seismic interpretation. It also, I think, the relationship advances our position there and our access to data to further develop fab software and serve a broader group of customers. The other thing that it does from our perspective is it puts us in the seismic interpretation part of that business where we believe it is - where there is a lot of value, but then keeps us out of the seismic acquisition business.
Jeff Miller: Well, I think that we'll work together. But I think the ability to advance the software and have bigger data sets to work with will always pull through, probably more in the software space than more traditional services. But clearly we believe this is a positive move by Landmark.
Jeff Miller: Jim, this is Jeff. I'd love to have that conversation with you. I think that it would be a real mix of response and by that I mean the service industry broadly has been beaten up pretty good at what we believe are unsustainable prices. But I think from our perspective, at least at Halliburton, I'm confident that we would respond quite quickly. If you recall, it was just 2014 when we hired more than 20,000 people onto the payroll at Halliburton. And then the way we're taking care of our equipment now, I talked about the maintenance processes and the Q10 pumps, our ability to respond would be fairly quick.
Jeff Miller: Yes, again, you're right that that velocity is slower, but at the same time it doesn't slow down as quickly. So typically, we have seen that about a six-month lag behind the US internationally in terms of activity build, though it just tends to be more stable. A lot of government approval is required and partner requirements to get that ramped up. But inside of existing projects, I would say within six months to a year that activity could pick back up.
Jeff Miller: Look, again, a bit of a moving target, so I won't comment. If you think about it though as the lower tertiary is certainly a positive piece of our business. We love our position there with our ESTMZ and some of our other capability in the lower tertiary.
Jeff Miller: Okay, thank you, Danielle. So I'd like to wrap up the call with just a couple of key points. First, we continue to manage the near term, controlling costs, while managing to our clients' fluid capital spend outlooks. Second, we remain committed to positioning Halliburton for the recovery, which means delivering efficient technology that lowers the cost per BOE for our clients, while aligning with those clients with stronger balance sheets and fairway acreage positions. I thank you. I look forward to talking with you again next quarter. Danielle, you can close out the call.
Christian Garcia: So in Latin America, if you look at our sequential declines, it was 6%, down 6%. It was driven by almost all countries except for Mexico. Now on a product line by product line basis, we had actually good Landmark and Baroid. However, we also had some expenses associated with our vessels in Mexico.
Christian Garcia: Yes, that is absolutely correct. And it's because of the macro headwinds that Latin America is facing. As Dave pointed out, Latin America will probably be the most challenged international region that we have and it's particularly acute in Mexico and Brazil.
Christian Garcia: So on your question around D&E, D&E was also benefited from obviously aggressive cost reductions, as well as Baroid and Landmark had good quarters. In terms of just the overall completion tool sales in the Gulf of Mexico, as we pointed out in the prepared remarks, we don't expect that to repeat in the first quarter.
Christian Garcia: We're not going to provide that sort of detail. As I pointed out in the prepared remarks, the margin increase in North America has been due to both the completion tool sales in the Gulf of Mexico and also the impact of cost reductions that we did at the end of the third quarter. To give you just a little bit of additional color, the sequential decrementals for the US land in the fourth quarter was in the very low single digits. So as you can see, there has been a significant contribution from the cost cuts that we did in the third quarter.
Christian Garcia: The costs associated with the service delivery platform that we're keeping intact remains essentially the same in the last two quarters. It ran somewhere between 300 to 400 basis points and it remains at that level in the fourth quarter.
Christian Garcia: We really don't look at it that way. Most of the maintenance expenditure is actually expensed and as such our CapEx is pretty much based on the line of sight contracts and also the implementation of our strategic initiatives like the Q10.
Christian Garcia: Yes, yes. Let me give you kind of an indication of how we run our capital program. Our capital program, as I said is based on line of sight contracts, as well as the implementation of strategic initiatives. But as you know, we manufacture our own equipment. That gives us really a good ability to ramp down and ramp up depending on the market conditions that we're seeing. So if you recall, in 2015, we began the year with guiding to flat CapEx to 2014 and ended up being down about 30% versus 2014. So that manufacturing capability has become a significant advantage here in this environment. So the fact that we can ramp up and ramp down, we're going to adjust our CapEx program depending on the market conditions that we're seeing in 2016, and if we do so, we will communicate that to the street.
Christian Garcia: Well, we take it one quarter at a time, Kurt, if you think about Q1, if you look at our decrementals for the whole year in 2015, it was - for North America it was about 40%. And if you do the math implied by our guidance for Q1, the sequential decrementals would be less than that, which incorporates the lower activities from a continuing decline in the US rig count, as well as not having the completion tools repeat in the first quarter. So we're taking it one quarter at a time.
Christian Garcia: Right. At the end of the year, we had about 60% of our fleet is Q10, so actually that's higher than what we've guided during our Analyst Day. We said 50% by the end of 2016. We are at 60% right now and based on our capital plan, it should reach close to 75% by the end of 2016.
Christian Garcia: As Jeff pointed out in his prepared remarks, one of the key tenets of our strategy is customer alignment and based on that, the concentration of our customer in North America, 17 customers represent 50% of our revenues and those are the largest companies with better balance sheets that can withstand this downturn. Now, as such, we don't have much exposure to the smaller guys, not to say that we're totally immune. But there is much, much lower than other service providers in the market today.
Christian Garcia: Absolutely. There is no question they have been slow paying. In fact, if you look at their base working capital, that's gone up. Good to say that we lead in that metric and I think we've widened the gap against our peers. But in terms of international, those are the largest companies in the world and we don't expect to have issues there as well.
