Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks, James. Look, I think I spent a fair amount of time on the catalysts themselves, obviously activity improving, rational project choices and technologies. I think, the key is, it's going to be shaped -- we're starting at a higher point going into Q1 than we certainly did last year. And then, I would expect the shape of that to look similar where we start and it moves up a little, just that shape of the international margins should stay consistent, but obviously starting from a higher point.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Sean, it has been difficult to forecast, but we've done a lot of things during that time. So, the platform around iCruise technology and EarthStar has been rolling out at the same time. We're seeing a lot of international choppiness that we see some recovery sort of happening, which obviously lends itself towards D&E. And so, I think these are multi-year efforts that we -- and we view them that way. I’d say digital as well will contribute to probably early days to D&E. For all of those reasons, I don't think it's unreasonable also to expect that we get back to I think 2018 looking kind of number or beyond.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I think I tried to describe today our vision around digital and then the mechanics for realizing that vision, which then quickly becomes in today's market what are the things we actually do. So, I used an example of some of the tools that are in the market. As we integrate those, obviously the moat expands around those. So, I think, it will take many forms over time. Again, it will be big projects, which we’ve talked about a few of those where it's either a cloud infrastructure and the cloud environment that we either install or operate and we’ve got examples of each of those. But equally important will be the day in, day out march around how this work really gets done, which is around drilling, production and reservoir filling in those spaces with tools, they all contribute to that vision. And so, I think that there is a lot of scalability here. And I think what's most important is really the production capital that Halliburton has invested in Landmark that really makes it scalable. In fact, to do these things at scale, there's a lot of discipline and practice and agile DevOps that are required at scale to reliably develop software and then operate, maintain and then ultimately continue to advance. And we have that. So, and I’m really confident in how that rolled out over the longer term. And I think the thing to focus on is, what are those tools that we’re doing now that deliver returns. Obviously, they contribute to the vision.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks, Angie. Look, the $300 million in savings, and we've moved quickly on that. And I think, the $200 million that we've taken out on an annualized basis already, expect to get the rest of that done in Q1. And I think that really speaks to how that team in North America executes. And we execute very quickly and with a lot of purpose. And so, obviously that contributes. Beyond that, we've talked about our playbook and how we expect to execute our strategy in North America. And I think over time that continues to drive improvement in margins, less concentrated in a moment, but obviously a set of activities that yield value over time. From a pricing standpoint, it’s still very -- it’s competitive information. Obviously, Q4 was quite competitive. And so, I think the market in spite of attrition is still oversupplied. What's important though is that we make our own choices around how to maximize fleet profitability. And by virtue of doing that, I view it as more stable in that respect.
Jeff Miller: Look, I'd more describe it as slow and steady, Angie. I think, what the key is that the setup is constructive. And so, managing capital in a more prudent way, focusing on profitable growth as opposed to growth, all of those things conspire to create an environment, where we're able to get better pricing. Is it widespread, I'd say it’s generally widespread, but there is probably pockets who are more concentrated than others, sometimes driven by availability and complexity of work and things that would normally and rationally drive our pricing. And so, I think that's what we're seeing in the market. And yes, it is getting traction.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Scott, this is Jeff. I think, the key is around prioritization. And we are focused on the best returning opportunities. But, we were able to fund international growth in 2019 and expect with that level of CapEx can continue to fund the growth that we see in 2020. So, it isn't that we are starving anything. The reality is we're feeding things appropriately and around our return expectations. We think about spending this year, it's probably two thirds international, a third U.S. but in our view very sustainable. And so, we're comfortable with that level of CapEx and also what it means to making better returns.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I think that it will -- yes, I would expect we stay consistent with the market, but we don't feel like we have to just because we mostly focus on the returns and free cash flow out of that business. But, I wouldn't think we would be out of the market at any point in time. But that said, we’re focused on the slice of customers that make the best returns for us, which gets to a number of factors, efficiency, but also calendar cadence piece of spend. This year going into Q1 for example, we’re 95% committed on the fleet, which is the best we've been since the downturn.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Look, I think customers do this at the pace at which they can digest it realistically. And that is the reason why I think you see that bifurcation today, it's more apparent just because customers that can actually operate and execute at that level of integration are fewer and far between today. And I kind of view it that way. It gets implemented at the pace it could be absorbed. That’s why I tend to talk about the vision and then bring it down to -- okay, here are the more digestible groupings being drilling, production and reservoir, and then even down into the tools. Because the reality is number of these tool don’t have to be integrated but they can be and they are more effective when integrated. And so, if I use a fairly simple example, like in EarthStar tool, it’s a tool, it’s metal, it runs in the well, it’s fantastic tool, but what's most important about it is the answer product, which is the 3D inversion. And now, that 3D inversion becomes even more valuable when integrated in an Earth model and likely yet again more valuable when integrated into the entire ecosphere. But that’s difficult for everyone to do that at one time and it's very hard to do that given sort of the proliferation of different systems. So, the key in my view is we continue to advance the platform, the ecosystem as you described it, while at the same time, driving immediate returns around these tools. And they're available to be integrated into that ecosystem. I hope that's helpful.
Jeff Miller: I think it can, because I think what's missing in this deflation discussion is the moat that comes in around our equipment, that allows so much cost savings on the client side part of the business that we’ll be able to reap better margins and better returns on those assets to deliver those solution. And obviously, at the same time, we’ll likely be reducing our own costs as we work through this. So, I think it will be deflationary in some ways but I think the value and the returns on the not just the componentry but how that componentry is part of that ecosphere really winds the moat that may be isn't there, is prevalent today, but I think we will see that widen and that ultimately drives better returns for us, in spite of what might be deflationary in a number of other areas of the business.
Jeff Miller: Look, I'll start with the first question. The 22% that we described is out of the market sold by the pound retired. But that’s done some good things for us. I mean, the reality is that we're 90% Q10s at this point, our costs are lower, our service quality is the best it's ever been. So, that's how we view that. The activity, I guess, is -- as we look out at the balance of the year or in terms of utilization, part of maximizing profitability of that fleet and the returns on that fleet is keeping it busy. And as I described earlier we started the year 95% committed, which is the best we’ve been in sometimes. So I'm encouraged by that outlook based on the fleet that we have.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think it's again led by Asia Pac. In 2020 Europe/CIS continues to be strong as we get into a full year of activity on a number of the contracts we talked about in the past. Africa grows but it will be a bit more-choppy, as it works through exploration and regulatory sort of resetting in that market. Middle East remains robust, but obviously starts at a fairly high point as the market itself, and LatAm likely brings up the rear.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Look, I think, what's most important is that that attrition is real. I get this question a lot. And I think a quarter ago, I said -- I thought it was 20%, which was viewed as high, turns out that's right in the fairway. So, that attrition is in fact occurring. And the market forces or the forces that drove that attrition haven't changed at all in terms of amount of sand pumps, number of stages per day. All of those things that drive that attrition haven't changed. And so, I suspect we continue on a pace that’s at least consistent with that. As far as the timeline of when we see it, it happens at some point. It doesn't change the way we go to the market today. And so, we are so focused on delivering our strategy around cost reduction and our service delivery improvement that when that happens it will be terrific and we will see a great boost from that. I think in the meantime, we’ve got a plan to deliver solid free cash flows and return sort of in any market.
Jeff Miller: Look, no, I mean, I think we’ve provided guidance on Q1. I view strategy as something that we executed and we continue to see the value and benefit from. And so, we’re taking a very long view of this business and the actions that we’re taking beyond Q1 to continue to contribute and improve the business. And I think that we will continue to outperform, like we have the highest margins today in North America and we will continue to add to that.
Jeff Miller: Thank you, Liz. Before we wrap up, I’d like to close with a few points. First, I expect that Halliburton’s international growth will continue in 2020, and that the combination of capital discipline, pricing improvements and technology will lead to margin expansion. Second, Halliburton will continue executing our North America playbook to maximize returns and free cash flow. And finally, I believe digitalization will define the next decade, and Halliburton is uniquely positioned to reap the benefits. Look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Liz, please close out the call.
Lance Loeffler: Yes. Look, I think you're right in terms of the expectations to grow free cash flow this year. You're right around the -- I don't think that the -- our ability to drive sort of the working capital consumption is going to remain in the first half of the year like it has historically for us. I expect some of the extreme volatility that we saw last year to not repeat this year, but there still is a consumption of cash from a working capital perspective. But overall with the reduction in CapEx, the improvement around margins and some stability around our working capital, we expect free cash flow to grow in 2020.
Lance Loeffler: Angie, I might add a comment too on the $300 million in cost savings. Just to be clear too to add to Jeff, that's sort of cash structural savings.
Lance Loeffler: Yes. I think, what you see, Bill is sort of a year-over-year comparison as we don't have -- I mean, last year we were carrying a lot of inventory associated with the boost in the iCruise rollout and in some of our C&P product lines that I don't think that you see that consumption taking place again this year, as we consume more of that inventory, as opposed to build it. The collection cycle is still going to be very similar. Albeit as the international business becomes a bigger part of our business that typically has longer DSOs, so we may see some impact there. But still a view where we build receivables early in the year and then unwind those as we get into the later part of the year.
Lance Loeffler: Yes, I think it is. I think with the excess cash, I think we do have a near-term priority on reducing debt. The reality is Bill is while we're focused on that debt reduction in the near term, what it does and what it offers us as we continue to chip away at it, is give us more flexibility to return cash to shareholders in the future. And I think today, our business, we need to address the $3.8 billion of debt that we have coming due over the next six years. So, I think we'll do that -- do some of that in the near-term, but also with an eye on ultimately returning cash to shareholders.
Lance Loeffler: Yes. I would add, in an environment, an increasing pricing environment that generates the appropriate returns, we may spend more, but it will be commensurate with the focus on returns and overall driving better free cash flow.
Lance Loeffler: Yes. Chase, this is Lance. I would say that, it’s very similar to the 60-40 split that we talked about between NAM and international is a good proxy.
Lance Loeffler: Yes. Look, I think structurally lower, as we described it, based more on the market and the opportunity set that we see. But, we are really careful not to -- we don't peg this to percents of revenues and others things because then when get sort of odd answers when we see markets growing, and I don't think growth is geared that way to our CapEx necessarily. And so, we will continue to focus on the best returning opportunities where we see those. But, the idea that it's going to have to move -- the CapEx is going to move as percentage with revenues is really not -- that's not how we approach that.
Lance Loeffler: Yes. Kurt, this is Lance. Yes. It’s definitely impacted by just a non-recurring nature of year-end product sales in the C&P division, which were probably up 10% to 15% versus what we saw in 2018. So, we had a good fourth quarter at our C&P division in terms of year-end equipment sales. 
Lance Loeffler: No. And then -- and that is obviously, those margins are accretive. So, what we see replacing that in the first quarter in terms of activity, largely in the resumption of our pressure pumping business in North America is coming at lower margins. And so, you see offset of that.
Lance Loeffler: Yes, same can be said for D&E, probably more comparative, flattish year-over-year in terms of year-end product sales in our D&E division.
