Jeff Miller: Thanks, Eric. Let me summarize our discussion today. Halliburton’s third quarter financial performance shows our strategy in action, delivering value for our shareholders. Oil and gas supply remains tight, requiring multiple years of investment. Demand for Halliburton services is strong. We will continue to execute on our strategic priorities that drive free cash flow and returns for our shareholders. And now, let’s open it up for questions.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. Look, I mean, we are certainly not seeing budget exhaustion. We remain sold out through the end of the year and into next year. So the market is strong and activity remains strong. And so as we look at what kind of inbounds are we getting, I’d say, it’s a mix, but it may be a little stronger towards larger companies. Let’s just say it that way just given they want to be certain they have equipment for 2023. I expect that in North America, the more you work, the more you produce, the more we have to work and I think we are seeing that play out. At term, I would say that, people would like term. We view that as -- we have term, but at the same time, flexibility around pricing, just because, I really believe and I think it’s pretty clear to us that 2023 remains extremely tight, both from an equipment standpoint, repair parts standpoint, you name it, so very encouraged about the outlook for 2023 in North America.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think that really hasn’t even begun in my view. I think we are just getting underway in terms of some of the bigger projects, discrete work starting. But I think we have got a long way to run internationally and in the Middle East in particular. And this is all consistent with sort of my earlier look on the macro in terms of, we didn’t get here overnight. We got to where we are from a supply standpoint over eight years to 10 years and that’s the kind of time frame that it takes to solve for. And I think the Middle East broadly takes a long view of this business, and as a result, when they are getting traction now, but it’s not a knee-jerk reaction. It is a methodical march towards reserve extensions and adding reserves, which takes time and money, and so I am super encouraged about the outlook in the Middle East.
Jeff Miller: Thanks, James. Look, we are extremely well set up for International expansion and have outgrown many quarters in the past and expect to continue to do so into the future based on our technology portfolio and our footprint internationally. Just for some context, Halliburton grew 21% internationally year-on-year, while exiting Russia this quarter, and of course, this is the quarter in Russia, where we typically see the pre-winter sort of step up in the 15% range, so that wasn’t there. But we are seeing strong growth and expect to continue to see that internationally. I think also important to recall, I mentioned in my comments, was the strong international incrementals, which were basically on par with North America, which continues to demonstrate not only growth but margin expansion internationally. If I look ahead internationally, we are only halfway through our iCruise deployment.
Jeff Miller: I think that all of that left to do. So I feel, like I said, really good, our production business is new and on plan and so I expect to continue growing revenue internationally and expanding margins. So I feel really good about our international outlook, actually better than I ever have.
Jeff Miller: Look, I expect to continue to see improvement. We are in the right markets. We have got extremely competitive portfolio. All service lines are contributing to that. I think the -- when I look out, I have always said about our D&E business that we were making meaningful investments in that business, probably, started saying that four years ago and then every year…
Jeff Miller: … we wanted to stack better margins on better margins, full year margin, and obviously, there’s cyclicality throughout a year in weather and other stuff. But ultimately, the plan was to continue this march on stacking on better margins and that’s what you are seeing. And as I have already said, if we are only halfway through deployment of what I think the flagship technology is in D&E, we should continue -- I expect to continue stacking those better margins up.
Jeff Miller: Look, I feel good about that. I mean it’s all marching along as planned and we continue to grow. We are still in the very early innings of that International expansion, so call it, the second inning. So, but it’s doing exactly what we had hoped. We continue to grow the footprint in the Middle East with lift and with chemicals. Chemicals is -- we put our first full scale production lot through the plant this month. That’s an important first step and a lot of work to do. But again, the infrastructure is in place and we are getting access to market and making sales. The lift bottomline just a fantastic business in North America and it’s the same technology that we apply internationally and so those guys are just dead focused on profitable market entries and growth and we are seeing that Latin America and in the Middle East.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think, the key thing about this cycle is its duration and it’s the right kind of cycle from a duration standpoint that I think we grow into better margins as we continue forward. So I am not going to try to put a date or a time. But my expectation is the duration of the market, sort of the behavior that I described to both operators and service companies, which is absolutely rational in terms of returning cash to shareholders, which is what Eric just talked about. This is the kind of cycle where we are able to do that and I think setting up for margin improvement, the EBITDA strengthening, all of those are the things that create the free cash flow. And I think that historically, actually, I really haven’t seen the cycle set up where we have got short supply the way that we do and the sort of runway that I see in front of us and all of the right sort of motivation by the industry. I think energy is a fantastic industry and I think what you are going to see is the demonstration from the entire industry of what returning cash to shareholders and generating meaningful returns look like over a good cycle, long cycle.
Jeff Miller: Well, from a CapEx standpoint, we have already described that we are in the 5% to 6% range of revenues on CapEx. So what we do is deploy capital to the best opportunities, which opportunity -- which international markets demonstrate important opportunity, so we would direct capital that way as opposed to others. But I think what’s important about the market as we are just seeing customer urgency return in the sense that quality matters equipment matters. Is it tight, yes, it’s tight. I don’t think there’s a lot of spare capacity anywhere in the world. If I go back to our strategic tenants, it’s profitable growth internationally and asset velocity. And I think what you see is that asset velocity being baked into just the way that we work is creating the ability to do a lot more with less than we ever have in the past. And that’s one of the key reasons we are confident in our capital spend levels is because of the type of equipment we are putting in the market, its ability to be moved around, work longer, repair faster, and when we do all of those things, it just makes us a much better effective business internationally.
Jeff Miller: Well, the activity we really see is, let’s just describe it as service intensity, which is increasing and that’s more reps on equipment, more sand through equipment. We are also seeing our drilling activity in the U.S. as well, so all services related to D&E. But principally, frac, and so as it works harder, it grow, I mean, that generates more value for us and so that’s probably the principal thing. When I think about capacity, we are maximizing value in North America and we are growing profitably internationally, and that automatically balances where we spend our money and how we approach markets. North America from a capacity standpoint for us, really we look at eFleets and it’s not really capacity, I view it as replacement over different time horizons. But we -- the conversations, for example, that we are having about eFleets are not anything really immediate. It’s all around late 2023, 2024, 2025 in terms of eFleet additions and so that will likely wind up replacing equipment over time. Yeah, so I am really encouraged about where the market goes. It’s extremely tight, it’s tight for repair parts, it’s tight for just everything, and we have all talked about sort of bottlenecks in the supply chain. I know that’s really going to rectify itself over any sort of short horizon. So I think that under all conditions North America is tight. I think capacity…
Jeff Miller: Look, I think, we have got strong growth as we look into next year. Really, we don’t haven’t even seen budgets from customers, but expect that growth to be strong. Clearly, we are going to be up from here, I guess, is how I would describe next year, up from where we are today, and obviously, that’s really strong growth that we have seen over the last year. So I think that the North America demand continues to increase and internationally we have already talked quite a bit about that. But I expect that we will see growth really everywhere in the sense that customers can be busy, they will be busy. I think the traction in the Middle East is just getting underway and I think that we will continue to see a tightening. And I continue to view this as a margin cycle as opposed to necessarily, it’s not a build cycle, it’s a margin cycle and I think that we are going to be the real beneficiaries of that at Halliburton.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. Look, what we are seeing, we have a healthy fleet today and we have a healthy fleet, because we have always reinvested in our fleet through thick and thin. I mean, at the worst of the market, the best of the market, we are always maintaining a replacement cycle for equipment and we get the benefit of that all of the time. When I look at the market, I have feedback from a customer recently that a lot of the equipment out there looks just dead on its feet. Don’t know how to get it replaced fast enough. I think that the pace at which we are working, what comes with the service intensity I described for frac equipment is just more revolutions and you can’t meet physics and so I think that when we look at replacement cycle, we view it as an electric replacement cycle. And so we have focused on that. We have got leading technology. And we are seeing strong pull from our customers for that technology. And so what we are doing is, as [Audio Gap] we get -- demand and pull translates into contracts of duration that return capital and cost -- and margin and capital, the actual return of capital all happen inside the same contract. And that demonstrates for me, the strength of the technology and also what that pull looks like. But it’s not something we rush to do. It’s something we do as the pull is adequate to sign that equipment up and it’s going to be over a period of time.
Jeff Miller: That’s excluding -- well, that’s -- Russia -- while we had Russia and excluding Russia for the last quarter.
Jeff Miller: Look, I am absolutely not going to get into details around price discussions with customers. Look, I think that, I have already said, I view that pricing strengthens. We are still below pre-pandemic levels in terms of pricing, so there’s room to improve there. Service quality and technology are both driving premiums. I have talked about sort of pull on eFleets and just general performance and maintenance of the fleet. Pricing is always going to be iterative. It’s not giant steps. It’s what I talked about like throughout the year that gets us to where we are today and I think there’s a lot of power in having a structurally advantaged low emissions fleet, which is what we have out there today.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, I think, one of the things that was left out of the conversation is securing capacity for 2023, reliable capacity, obviously, Halliburton we -- we are the execution company, we do what we say and so we are very reliable in terms of delivery. And I think securing that kind of capacity for 2023 is a high priority for our customers.
Jeff Miller: Again, ignoring price, the conversation around the eFleets is really that it’s a better mousetrap over the long run. Is it more efficient to operate? Yes, it is. It should -- it creates value from a price standpoint, but it also creates value from an effectiveness standpoint, the ability to pump. These fleets are extremely reliable and then we took one out of the box and it pumped 500 hours first month. I mean that’s the type of reliability we are seeing out of the equipment. So I think all of that conspires to make it sought after in the marketplace. That’s why we see the pulls. Is cost a component? It probably is. I am sure it is for our clients, it always is. But I think it would be wrong to ignore the other components of value there.
Jeff Miller: It would be returning more not less in terms of, that’s part of how we improve margins on the overall portfolio and returns. But we have been really consistent about our strategy and maximizing value in North America growing profitably internationally and that is one of the key levers that we have to do both of those things. And so, yes, we have done both of those.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think, that it’s -- clearly it’s -- I don’t know how to describe that is that at the margin. It’s probably at the margin, but it is going to grow as the market continues to get tighter. We are building, I have already described, our CapEx and so we will be adding. We have been able to grow with the CapEx levels that we have had. I’d say, meaningfully, over the last year and expect that we will continue to grow because of the way that we are building equipment. So it’s not we are turning everything down by any means. But I think it’s an important point that we are much more, I mean, the contracts that we pursue and win are accretive to what we are doing and if they are not, then they probably fall out of the list, just because we want to -- even the new capital that we would have, whether it’s drilling equipment or anything else that’s going to go towards things that are of higher value.
Jeff Miller: Look, it will get fixed over time, but in most of these cases, there’s not a lot that can be done to accelerate their supply chain when it’s far reaching. Clearly, we plan ahead and we have been planning ahead for over a year. We have got great visibility. But that market will just be tight for spare parts and equipment.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. Thank you, Shannon, and thank you all for participating in today’s call. Just let me summarize with a few key points. Halliburton’s strong third quarter performance shows our strategy is delivering value for our shareholders. Oil and gas supply, shortness constraints and shortages I see today create strong and growing demand for Halliburton’s equipment and services in support of this multiyear upcycle. At Halliburton, we will continue to execute on our strategic priorities to drive free cash flow and we will support of this multiyear. Looking forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Please close out the call.
