Jeffrey Allen Miller: Thanks, Dave. There's no doubt that the pace of completions activity is catching up with the rig count, and we expect to see that relationship continue into next quarter most certainly. And it is partly around – the increasing intensity continues to build. And when I said 900 was the new 2,000, I probably overshot that number in a sense that we are seeing that kind of tightness in the marketplace today.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Look, the flight to quality is happening, and that is what we see when equipment comes into the market. And most importantly, as clients get urgent, reliability, service quality, and technology even matter more. And so we are confident that that pivot to what we deliver will continue through the marketplace. As far as things that are tight, equipment broadly is tight I think for the industry today. Sand is one of those things that will recover in terms of availability. There's a lot of capacity coming into the market. And then from a people perspective, we're confident with where we are on people. And it is partly because we retained our folks, our most experienced people through the downturn, and we know how to hire folks. We hired 21,000 in 2014.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: I'm not going to tell you about customers, but I think we know what the customer set is in the Gulf of Mexico. Yes, we've been quite successful in the Gulf of Mexico, and it's really built around our strategy, Jim. It's collaborating and engineering solutions to maximize asset value for our customers, so we're clearly focused on the things that are important to them. And the other thing I think it tells you is that our technology portfolio is extremely competitive. And I think we've demonstrated that by what we're doing in deepwater in the Gulf of Mexico and in other places.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Jim, I think the amount of equipment that we're adding is not nearly as much as you're suggesting. But what I will tell you is that we are working constantly on the broader portfolio. And without giving you a time, we actually have seen quite a bit of progress on that since the beginning of the year. I can't predict precisely what that timing is, but the right things are happening. And I'd say that in the sense of customer urgency, we're seeing that supply and demand tightness. And the bottom line is we really like the way the market's shaping up. I think we're on that path.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Again, that should happen over the next, I would say, four quarters, somewhere in that range depending on pace and efficiency of customers. But it's something that gets done in due course as contracts roll over, or we move things around. So we kind of control the when, and the where, and the how. We work on that every day, Jim.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Jim, everyone would like to commit equipment at this point in the marketplace. I think we're being very thoughtful about where we place equipment. We are aligned with the right customers, we believe, in the right markets. But we also move equipment around, and that's part of where we see the flight to quality happen as we move equipment around.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Bill, I think the outlook we gave on the operational update is accurate. But without a precise number, what we need to do is continue to put the equipment to work that we have in the marketplace. And I expect that we will be on a glide path that will materialize over the balance of the year that take us to what those normalized margins are and should be seeing that reflected as we, again, move through the second half of the year and into next year.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: So with respect to bringing equipment back out, I mean, we laid out the path to these assets through sort of mid-year. And at that point, that burden is behind us. With respect to supply chain, and we were working on that every single day, that in many ways, the short-term supply shortages that were at least generated by year-end activity should begin to abate as we move through Q2. This is sand shortages. And so those are the most prominent couple of items that come under control as we move through the year.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Yes. I mean, there's great momentum. So we talked about moving up at the leading edge, but we're seeing pricing improvement in every basin where we work around North America. And as I said, on the legacy portfolio, it is getting traction. And as we work that every day, again, it is making progress. And we expect that, that momentum continues as we work through the year.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Yes, so we would expect to continue to make pricing gains. But with that said, there are a lot of other levers that we have once we start to move the full portfolio up on pricing, and that's where we start to get into the customer urgency that we're seeing, which then leads to hyper-utilization. As the excess capacity comes out of the marketplace, we get a lot more control over the calendar, some would call that calendar power, and we don't have all of that today. But I think all of those things conspire to a path to normalized margins that is somewhat dependent on price to the degree it repairs the portfolio. But if we think back to 2014, as we were moving up that chain, we nearly never got to what I would call the pricing power piece of that, but it was more around utilization.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: No. I mean, we want to invest in those things where we believe we add unique value to them, so clearly, that's our equipment, and the kind of technology we can roll out to make that more efficient. As we look up and down the value chain, we try to be fairly surgical about those things that we think we need to own, one of those being the logistics piece of that, just because it's quite portable, actually, in terms of where sand is at any point in time. We don't have that experience, but our view of owning the actual commodity is that sand is rarely in the right place or is at the right mesh size. Those tastes change over time, and so that's not a place where we want to put a lot of capital.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: I would say that we've seen the cost come down somewhat around the cost of building equipment. As we look out at what's available or what we can do in the marketplace, I think also some of that's our own value engineering as we think about how we take cost out of things and still achieve the same effective market-leading equipment. With respect to timing, I'm not going to give you the precise timing, but it is going to be faster than anyone else, simply because we control that part of the value chain in our manufacturing facility. And that allows us to make no decision, certainly at this time. And I think we can wait fairly deep into the cycle before we make any kind of decision about whether or not we bring out new equipment.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Look, that's very competitive in terms around how we work with each of our customers, and they're different. What we do see is a path to manage inflation. And I do think in addition to that, some element of that inflation will abate as we get into the later half of the year.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: We are seeing pricing gains in the well construction service lines. However, those never fell quite as far, and so I don't think they have as far to move back up. But we are seeing, certainly, tightness in some of those service lines.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: I think what we see is the stress in that part of the market is simply a cost piece of the issue. And so how do we bring cost down to make a lot of those plays more competitive? And I think our customers are working on that now, but doesn't change the macro view that as North America is more competitive, where does that put some of these other markets? And our strategy is working with our customers, but it works slowly and in terms of bringing that cost down. So as we look out, I think it will be muted in a range-bound world, that deepwater will be the slowest to come back. I think there is room to move around in the mature fields, and I think those will recover probably ahead of that in terms of activity, which is what we're seeing through the balance of the year. But it is very competitive given the amount of equipment that is out around the world today.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Yes, we do. We are constantly working on continuous improvement initiatives that take cost out of not only the business but also out of the equipment that we use. There are all kinds of breakthroughs as we look at how to make things work more effectively. When I talk about our value proposition and how we collaborate and engineer solutions, a lot of that is how do we systematically take cost out of what we do, which ultimately improves our margins.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Look, it's moving all of the time. So I'm really not, from a competitive standpoint, sharing with you where we are specifically. What I will tell you is that it's all moving up but in different paces, as commitments roll off and as new opportunities come along. What I would tell you though is that the entire fleet is on that path moving up and to the right. What percentage of that, we will work through that through the balance of the year.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: The grey swans. Look, I think that the industry has demonstrated ability to overcome all of these. And that's one of the reasons that I'm very careful about how we invest in those things and what part of it that we own. I think that logistics will get tight, and it probably gets tight over the balance of the year. I like where we are in that place particularly because of our investment in logistics, and rail, and all that goes with that, so confident there. Then I think about getting the cost out, you referenced how we handle sand and move it around. I think the containerized solutions are going to be very good. I think they'll remove a lot of demurrage and allow us to move more sand more quickly. That's an example of technology having an impact. The other people and whatnot, I really do think is quite manageable, but with investment and the infrastructure that knows how to hire them, train them and put equipment to work.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: No. I mean, I think, we're in the market all the time. So I tried to walk you through some of how we view technology and how we approached that, but I think we are very effective in the market at addressing those things that if we want to invest in them, and we think that they create value for us, we can. And we do those things that we feel like are going to be commoditized over time, or also the rents don't clearly accrue to us. I mean, that's another area where it may be better to partner with someone and not tie capital up where those rents don't accrue to us. And we've seen that over time.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Yeah, and I mean, as I said, I think it'll be around people over time. Talking about North America, will be challenging to get staffed up. And I do think logistics, overtime, will get tight, I do think so.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Yeah, so I would say from a pay standpoint, it's kind of steady as she goes. What we like about it is our position in that market and the success that we've had with project management. And that's been a launch pad for us to kind of move that model more effectively into other parts of the Middle East and other parts of the world. So we like our position in that market. The Middle East, overall, has been generally resilient, but again, from our standpoint, important piece of business.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Well, we've stayed invested in all of the basins throughout all of the cycles, and so we feel like it's important that we're there, that we have the basin expertise to work in all those basins. So we're, and to a certain degree, basin agnostic in terms of how we are positioned. Now, clearly, the Permian Basin's got the most activity. I mean, you see all of those things. Look, I like the way we're positioned in each market.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Yes, fleets are busy. We're starting to see even sort of the calendar firm up around customers with more than one rig and those sorts of things, which again, all inspire to help improve utilization.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: I think generally seeing, with the exception of a few countries, we're seeing collections improving, not where they were at the end of the last cycle, but we see a path, we've got a great organization to connect with our customers and expect to see working capital continue to improve over the balance of the year. Thank you.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Thank you, Candice. Look, I'd like to wrap up the call with a couple of key points. First, we're excited about the way North America's shaping up and believe that we'll outgrow the rig count in North America. Our reactivated equipment is going to work at leading-edge market pricing, while we wind up and repair pricing on our legacy portfolio. And these are marking the path towards normalized margins. Now, while our more conservative international view is playing out, the international rig count has bottomed. And our strategy to collaborate and engineer solutions to maximize asset value is absolutely aligned with what's most important to our customers. I'm confident that our team can handle the challenges in these markets. And so with that, thank you, and I look forward to talking with you next quarter. Candice, please close out the call.
