Dave Lesar: Thanks, Mark. Just in a quick summary, we executed very well in 2013. I believe we had a good year with what the market gave us and delivered what we said we would. Bottom line for 2014 is we expect all of this to translate into double-digit EPS growth. So with that, let's turn it over to questions.
Dave Lesar: Yes, we should start seeing that Jim. The initial investment was to get placed in and at this point now that we have the facilities build out, we are – the incremental projects that come along are being bid at sort of the rates that we would expect to recover. And then as we absorb those costs with additional work, again we'll continue to see the improvement in margins.
Dave Lesar: Well, I'm not sure what you mean by risk, but let me take a shot at this. I mean obviously our Eastern Hemisphere is doing well and Joe Rainey who heads that up and his management team, are doing a fantastic job for us. I think really to continue to grow Eastern Hemisphere, one obviously you have to take what the market gives you. And we're seeing some sort of modest level increase in rig count there. So that will help grow the revenue. You have to win more than your normal market share which I believe we’re doing in terms of tender and contract win rates. I’m not sure you necessarily have to take higher risks in your contract pricing. You really have to pick and choose your spots and we have as we said when we responded to the first question we also have a larger footprint in the Eastern Hemisphere now to attack the market off of. So I don’t necessarily think we have to take risk to continue to grow our Eastern Hemisphere business, I think we’re well positioned there. It’s a contract base. We have a great footprint, we have a great management team and I think that will all drive the revenues higher.
Dave Lesar: I think it’s a healthy mix of both Brad. The offshore rig count we see that continuing to grow and obviously one of our clear strategies is to outgrow the deepwater market which we expect to do, but yes there are number of onshore opportunities as well. We think about Russia and China and then certainly the Middle East. So there is a robust onshore market out there. So I think that they’re evenly weighted and I wouldn’t take one over the other.
Dave Lesar: Well, we see the first step out in Mexico. So as we get into 2014, we see Humapa getting ramped up and so we will see contributions there. We are selective around these projects as we take them. We expect to add a few projects per year. Clearly, Humapa being one of those and we have got a number of other sort of things in the works. So expect that to start contributing this year.
Dave Lesar: Yes, we see some of that though I would say it’s probably more focused with the national oil companies than it is the IOC. So it’s given kind of the type of investment profile I believe that they have. There are some offshore opportunities, but in terms of the kind of consolidated or we manage all of the activities, those types of things, those are less focused offshore and certainly more focused onshore.
Dave Lesar: Yes, this is Dave. Let me take that -- let me sort of attack it a couple of ways. One is that when we look at sort of what our customers are saying about spending in 2014, you sort of settle in the mid single-digit range. If you look at sort of where we believe the rate count is going, which is up a little, if you look at well count efficiencies which will be up in sort of the mid, maybe upper single-digits and then you can drive revenues sort of off of either of those. I think the important point is that we believe our revenue because of our position in North America it’s going to exceed whatever the market gives us. But we have -- all we can do at this point is gauge off what our customers are telling us they’re going to spend and what they say is sort of the mid single-digits. As I said we will beat that because of our position. We know the rate count will go up a little. We know that efficiency is going to be better. All of that bodes well for us, but we’re just trying to give you a number of data points by which you can then plug in your own growth expectations and then just add some on top of that for what you think will do.
Dave Lesar: The way I would probably also add to that is that as I think about the year, the revenue growth number is very difficult to pin. Clearly we talk about Brazil being lower, Mexico may have a late ramp in revenues, but what it does really make a difference in is for our margins, and -- we typically would like to talk about our international margins being in the upper teens and -- but Eastern Hemisphere is clearly on its way. I see some relief on the cost pressure of Brazil and Mexico activities beginning to solidify going forward. It gives us the opportunity to get our margins in Latin America back on track with the rest of the international markets and drive up in those upper teens.
Dave Lesar: Yes, initially there were 10 mega tender projects that were to be tendered. That number resulted in eight in the end and of those eight the reduction were in the ATG or Northern Mexico projects. Expectation is that’s on the back of really reform. The reform in Mexico is going to be net net, a very positive event for the service industry. But over the near-term there is a milestones and things that would appear will slowdown the investment or at least sort of the decisions around some more potentially over the near-term. So I think that was one of the drivers in terms of a smaller sort of scope overall. I think the total sort of expectation number there was around $3.5 billion which initially has been expected in the $9 billion to $10 billion kind of range.
Dave Lesar: Now that’s correct. Now the terms were – the terms were consistent with what we expected to see. I think we were little surprised by some of the pricing that we saw. I got to think even that there were fewer contracts to go after and there were number of bidders in the bidding for the ATG projects, but pricing on those was significantly down and surprisingly down. And that was just one of those where we’ve -- that was not acceptable pricing for the type of projects that they are.
Dave Lesar: I think David, this is David, think of it as we have the resources and people in-country. It's just that as South Alliance ramps down, those people will not have anything to do, that resource will not have anything to do for a period of time until the next contracts, Humapa and Mesozoic, ramp back up. So rather than do a massive layoff and cost reduction and have to turn around and hire the people straight back, we're just going to absorb the costs in the meantime. So we will not have to add very much incremental costs in terms of where we have been. It's just a way underutilized resource for a couple of quarter period of time.
Dave Lesar: I would also add, Angie, with respect to market share gains, it's not coming out of our hide, that's for sure. Yes, there is plenty of stacked equipment out there. There's a bit of flight to quality that goes on in this kind of market and even though pricing is challenged, as Jeff has said, and there is some market share shift going on, it's sure not coming out of ours.
Dave Lesar: I think, Angie, it's really all of the above. I don't want to highlight a certain region or that region all of a sudden gets a big target put on its back. But I would say generally, we're really pleased with where we are in terms of our Eastern Hemisphere market penetration contract win rate, introduction of new technology. So I would just leave it as it's – I'm pretty happy all the way across the board.
Dave Lesar: I think clearly the low-hanging fruit has been picked. Right now, I don't see any reason why we will not continue to get year-over-year well count efficiencies. You're starting to see sort of a massive upgrade to the rig fleet that's out there. The move to pad drilling, obviously I think is one of the real drivers we saw last year in terms of the efficiency gains. But as I mentioned in my remarks, the Permian now is switching from what was really a vertical to a horizontal market and there are a lot of rigs running in the Permian right now. And I think that gives us confidence in driving the numbers for 2014 and even beyond that, because let's say the Permian's only at 50% at the end of 2014. That still leaves a pretty tremendous upside there. And there's other plays in the U.S. that are still moving toward more pad, more horizontal drilling. So I think just the nature of the transition of the market, the new technologies that not only Halliburton and the other service companies have, but the rig contractors are investing more in efficiency. So I don't really see an end to it at this point in time, but I think your big low hanging fruit's been picked at this point.
Dave Lesar: Yes, I mean the service industry generally doesn't agree on all things all the time but I can tell you, this is one where both us and our peers are all in having the same discussion with Petrobras. We all really need relief at this point.
Dave Lesar: Waqar, we don't see that outpacing the improvement in drilling efficiently at least at this point in time. So the upshot is there's still more work to be done though we are improving certainly completion efficiency. The other dynamic in completion efficiency though are what we're doing with the completion. So reality is, we're seeing more stages but we're also seeing bigger stages and we're seeing the ability to do more things around the completion. So the concern around the completion outpacing the drilling is not necessarily a concern for us.
Dave Lesar: Yes, that describe -- we described to you before as high stage count at the beginning of the quarter and then trailed off with the holidays and then a bit of the slow start to some key markets in January due to weather. But what we see is we call out of that is sort of an inverse in Q4. So I call those -- for those reasons about flat.
Dave Lesar: Thank you, Sam. On behalf of Halliburton management team, I just want to thank everyone for your participation. And Sam you can go ahead and close the call.
Mark McCollum: Part of that, Jim, is why I think we're so confident that Eastern Hemisphere is going to continue to step-up quarter-over-quarter in its margin realizations because to some extent you are now covering those fixed costs with a wider contract base.
Mark McCollum: I think let me also sort of respond from a capital investment standpoint. We are going to be putting more capital in 2014 into our businesses that orient towards the mature fields strategy both the chemicals, artificial lift and expanding our footprint there both in North America and around the world and then continue to build out tools and other equipment to support what we see as a coming Brownfield opportunity in North America.
Mark McCollum: Yes, the -- not calling anything on the first half of the year, but if you look at the full year, those are meaningful projects in Mexico. So there is some upside in terms of growth for the full year, but we need to see those get started and work being done on those. But again we will know a lot more about this as we get further into the year.
Mark McCollum: No, we don't have to ramp up. It's not really an extension of the Alliance 2 project, but we have the people, the kit, all of the resources in-country. We'll need some rigs to work with us. But outside the rigs, we're ready to go.
Mark McCollum: We're seeing continued pricing pressure certainly in the market. And so as we go into looking at contracts and pricing, one of the first things we look at, are the customers where we can be the most efficient and execute our value proposition. But the market is clearly competitive.
Mark McCollum: I want to reiterate that the 200 basis points of margin improvement in North America for us is net of pricing. So while we assume that pricing will continue to be weak for us, we're working hard to make sure that that does not influence our margins negatively during the year.
Mark McCollum: Well, it's not that I can't yet articulate how we're going to get there, but I don't know that I want to necessarily for public consumption. But it is our view that as we go through the year, the margins will stair-step higher across 2014. It's a cumulative 200 basis points of margin addition. And so we'll realize it as we get into the end of the third quarter which is typically our highest margin quarter. But it should stair-step higher in Q1 and Q2 as well on a year-over-year basis and sequentially.
Mark McCollum: Yes, it is inclusive of weather. It’s just sort of assuming sort of a similar weather pattern to what we had in Q4.
Mark McCollum: I mean that’s where I hope, but I -- right now I just have no ability to forecast thus getting there right now, given what we know on the revenue side. And the cost side, where we’ve talked -- we’ve described that we’re having to carry a significant amount of cost. We don’t have any relief for that cost right now and so we got to get that relief in order to sort of build the roadmap to get back to those upper teen. So yes, that is our hope that certainly what we’re going to continue to drive internally, but at this -- I don’t have it on our forecast right now just because of the uncertainty around cost recovery.
