Jeff Miller: Thanks, Eric. To summarize our discussion today, we are still in the early innings of a multiyear upcycle. The oil supply and demand fundamentals remain constructive for both international and North America markets. The steps we took to improve operating leverage, lower capital intensity and strengthen our balance sheet set Halliburton up to outperform under any market conditions. Internationally, Halliburton is a much stronger competitor, and we expect to benefit more from this multiyear upcycle than ever before. This aligns perfectly with our strategy to deliver profitable international growth. In North America, I expect Halliburton to uniquely maximize value in the strong, steadily growing and all but sold out market. We will continue to execute on our strategic priorities and remain committed to driving profitable growth, margin expansion, strong free cash flow and returns for our shareholders as this multiyear upcycle unfolds. And now let's open it up for questions.
Jeff Miller: James, yes, agree in terms of the outlook. In fact, what I see is a lot of duration in this cycle. I mean, obviously, it's been moving up, and I expect it continues to move up. But the reality is if operators can be busy, particularly international, they are. And the tightness around oil supply is not something that's resolved quickly after seven, eight years of underinvestment. And so while I'm excited about the inflection and the improvement in the upcycle that we see, I have to say I'm equally excited about the duration. This is multiples of years, I was a decade in the making. It's many years in the undoing in terms of producing. And so I think this is a fantastic time for operators and an even better time for Halliburton.
Jeff Miller: Look, pricing is improving around the world. And it's a rational -- it's the allocation of assets and it's moving them to the highest returning opportunities. And that's not unique to Halliburton in terms of expectation of return. I mean, we clearly want to improve our returns and plan to do so. But that's part of this different cycle, different market dynamics in the sense that returns and return of cash matter to our shareholders. And the best way to do that is to not just improve utilization, but improved returns on every asset. And clearly, the approach we're taking and our whole strategy internationally is built around profitable growth, which is, I think, precisely what you saw this quarter and what you'll continue to see from Halliburton in the future.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. Let me start with the first part of that question. The activity was really in both camps. We saw a lot of activity. Obviously, a lot of the interruptions in the first quarter were out of the way. And so we had a full utilization quarter, which was certainly a positive from an activity perspective, and that applied equally to privates and publics. Really from a pricing standpoint, important that, we're iteratively moving on pricing and I would argue that's again, consistent in both groups. And from a visibility standpoint, I think it's important to note, I mean, A, we love our customer mix today. I want to be clear. And it maybe slightly weighted towards publics, but that is really – the privates we work for are big privates. And there are some privates that are bigger than public out there in the marketplace and work for them. And they have terrific visibility as well. So I mean the privates, just like the publics, fully understand, A, that OPEC spare capacity is not there or they would be meeting their quotas. They have great visibility of the supply and demand for oil in our business. And that dialogue has been about 2023 capacity for Halliburton to provide either more equipment or more services, not recession. I can promise you that it's not the discussion, the discussion and what we see in our business is activity demand moving up. We see a tighter 2023 than we see in 2022. So all of these signals and in our business are extremely positive.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think we're still early innings of Middle East. And so more activity, yes; activity underway, yes. But in terms of supply chain or let's just think more broadly around equipment, rigs, et cetera, those don't come back to work instantaneously. And so I -- my view is there's a lot more demand for services in the Middle East certainly than we're seeing today. So I would say as equipment can be mobilized as projects get underway, I think there's a lot more of that to come.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. Look, I'd be crazy to get into all of those details on a call. But philosophically, I mean, our -- in practical -- in practice, I mean, prices are moving iteratively. And I think that's an important component of what we're seeing when market's tight like this. We ratably look at the best opportunity for assets and what that drives this approach to pricing, which is one that we've seen until now. And so as we look out into the future, in a market like this, we maintain optionality, but we also have very good customers with deep relationships. And because of that, there's a premium on equipment that is working and efficient, particularly in a market that looks like this. And so, look, our customers understand that a vibrant service industry is a critical component of their ability to deliver what they have to deliver. And so I think that as we look out through this year and really into next year, we ought to continue to see improvement in pricing.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I want to -- I'm going to -- it's a meaningful opportunity. I mean I think if you go look at total available market for artificial lift, for example, we have a leading position. Actually, some it's number one in the US today and we are just beginning internationally. We've got talked about the growth we've seen, but it is a drop in the bucket compared to what that total available market is out there for lift internationally. And of course, we're super pleased with the technology at Summit, and it's just a matter of growing that business internationally, which the examples I've given you are examples of us doing that. But I would say this is the -- there is the beginnings on what's possible.
Jeff Miller: Well, I think the first half outperformed. It's a strong year. So I still see us eclipsing 35%. That means more than 35%. The international outlook for us includes Russia dropping out in Q3. So the guide that we have given in the 3% to 5% and that range overcomes Russia, which is exactly what we thought would happen. We thought there would be outsized spending outside of Russia likely to compensate for that, and that's precisely what we're seeing. North America, I'd describe it as steadily growing. And I think that's what steadily growing looks pretty strong on the first half, and it continues to grow. I think that the market is very positive. We got to put a number on it, but it's certainly been strong until now, and this continued to really outperform consistently, so -- 
Jeff Miller: This is clearly not -- this is not a step back. This is a step forward in both hemispheres, both US and international.
Jeff Miller: Thank you. Look, our -- my long-term outlook is unchanged except that it's biased upwards. In fact, I'm more bullish than I was before. I want to be careful and not get in the business of trying to update that every quarter. But our outlook, my outlook on sort of the trajectory of the market today, the macro in terms of supply shortage, short oil in the world. And I think really importantly, not only is the price of the commodity, always important. Energy security has moved back central -- front and center for a lot of countries and continents. And so that's going to just put further support under my outlook in terms of being busy, the type of activity I described in terms of more wellbores. That's a really important point, meaning that making more barrels is going to look like a lot more development work, a lot more tie back kind of work, and I've described sort of a lot of that spend or right in areas where Halliburton leads, whether it's drilling fluids, cementing and completion tools and then the progress we've made in other parts of our business, I think sets up very well. So without trying to update that outlook, hopefully, I'll give you enough color that we feel really good about it.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. Thanks. The – A, the lead times are still quite long. I mean – and so I think probably a year to meaningfully do anything. But the market has changed. And so A, we haven't had any meaningful additions into this business at all in six years. So that's a long time. And if I think about our business, I mean, we're always replacing the aging part of our fleet. That's not adding capacity. That's just simply retiring equipment or equipment that's unable to operate or gets damaged in the process of working, which that happens, too. And so at some level, addressing attrition at the bottom end of the fleet is important. And that's one of the reasons – we do that. That's one of the reasons we have Halliburton one of the healthiest fleets in the industry. The other broad thing that's happening, I would say, is this conversion to lower emission, which again is not adding capacity, but I would see it as a conversion. But the supply chain issues I started with are very real. And I think given the consolidation in the industry, the sort of lack of capital broadly to invest, I think what you'll see – I think -- I'm just going to guess others view the fleet the way that I do. And I think that what that means is that, we won't see capacity adds.
Jeff Miller: It's always a discussion, respectfully. But I also think what underpins this is how important service industry is to delivering on what our operators need to do. And I think there's clearly a recognition of that. And so always a discussion, always some back and forth, but realistically, our operators require quality services, and that means fleets that are well-maintained, fleets that are -- attrition is dealt with. And better efficiency in our case, better technology. All of that's appreciated and realized that that has to make solid returns for it to remain vibrant. And I think that's what underpins those conversations.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think it's consistent with making returns, but up. So let's start with surety of supply. Internationally, it's probably more around ability to supply. I think that operators, particularly in the US, understand returns and shareholder returns, and so do we. And so I think we see a steady march up, but a healthy march up in the sense that as we described, a lot of duration to this cycle, which I think is much welcome by us and I think by our shareholders are going to benefit from that meaningfully because of the duration. So the -- you look at how we've improved the capital intensity of our business, our clients view it the same way. And I think that -- so what we're going to see is more activity, no question, because there's going to be demand for the commodity. But it's -- so it's more around could you add one or do you have an extra one and really a lot of that dialogue given lead times and commitments around our own capital. And I think broadly, the industry's commitment around capital as it comes down to what's the highest returning opportunity for that equipment is more of what that discussion goes like.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I mean the D&E -- the short answer, yes. Longer answer is that I'm really pleased with the progression and the progress we've seen with D&E margins. If we -- I've always said take a long view of D&E margins and I expect them every year to be higher than last year and next year to be higher than this year. There is some seasonality in that D&E business, both where we work in the world and some of the components that comprise D&E. But the target, and clearly, the expectation by me is that we are just layering on that seasonality a step up every single year, and that's what we've seen.
Jeff Miller: Okay. Thank you, Olivia. Before we close out the call, let me just reiterate, Halliburton's performance during the strong quarter demonstrates that we're executing on the right strategy in the international and North America markets to drive value for shareholders throughout this multiyear upcycle. I look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Please close out the call.
