David J. Lesar: Thank you, Tim. Let me just quickly summarize. We're very proud of our third quarter international results. We continue to gain market share in key markets and expect our Eastern Hemisphere margins to be in the upper teens as we exit the year and are optimistic about continued improvement in 2013. In North America, we will not chase the transnational market as we would typically have done but will instead idle our equipment. And overall, we remain very laser-focused on providing industry-leading returns. So we will reduce capital spending as we go into 2013. But our strategy remains intact. We are focused on maintaining our leadership position in North America, continuing to strengthen international margins and grow our market share in deepwater, unconventionals and underserved international markets. So let's open it up for questions at this point.
David J. Lesar: I guess that's a great way to summarize it, Dave. As I indicated, one of the lessons we learned coming out of the last dip is that chasing the transactional market essentially sets the lowest common denominator for pricing. And it's that point that you have to then battle uphill on getting prices increases out of. And so our view is that, that is a relatively transitory market for us to chase into given the percentage of 24-hour crews we have. Therefore, we are not going to chase into it this time. We're not going to lower our prices to get that work, therefore, giving us a higher baseline to move forward when some of these other issues get out of the way. So yes, that is a strategy change and one that ultimately, I think, will be successful and it's just a lesson that we learned from the past.
David J. Lesar: I think first with Saudi, I think it's a good news story. We like our position there. We've had additional rigs added to our south guar project. That one is going very, very well, Manitha [ph] the rig count is up on that project. As I indicated, we've just added a stimulation vessel into the market. We have been assigned a geographic area in Saudi to try to demonstrate that we can make unconventionals work there in some of their tight gas area. So that market is very good for us right now and potentially even better as we go into the next couple of years. Iraq is certainly, for us, a lot better than it was last year, where we were struggling with some contracts. We are getting through those at this point in time. And as I indicated and Mark indicated, the financial results are better. It is still a very difficult market to operate in. And the size of projects and the contract structure basically creates a bidding frenzy around them, which means that everybody is bidding those things fairly thinly. But we've got good infrastructure on the ground. We're committed to that marketplace. We just have to work our way through some of the contracts that we did have some issues with. But we're very optimistic about that market also.
Mark A. McCollum: Well, without giving -- trying to give specific guidance as to when this might happen because that's not what we're doing, we continue to hold that we think normalized margins are in the mid-20s that's -- as we look at the business historically and sort of a balanced market, balanced cost structure, that those mid-20s margins seem to be appropriate to us and that's what we're targeting internally to drive our business forward.
Mark A. McCollum: In other words, that the broad market may not be up. But with regard to our revenues, because of our share gains, we think that it will look fairly typical.
Mark A. McCollum: Well, I mean, part of the reason we didn't give specific guidance, Jim, is because it’s something that we're working on. We got to have input from our customers as to what the -- not only the amount, but the timing of their capital spending will be. But -- and I think the other sort of data point to always consider is that we don't build speculative capital. So as we address our capital budget for next year, I mean, I think it is fair to say that there are going to be capital being placed in international markets around unconventionals, around some of the deepwater markets to -- for us to be able to satisfy what our customers are doing on the share wins that we've got and on the projects that we -- they will be doing. We're -- as Dave said, we are focused like lasers on returns right now. We're going to be trying to drive that as carefully as we possibly can. But we do continue to be encouraged about the pace of the development in international and deepwater and unconventionals. The industry as a whole is undercapitalized. I think it's fair to say particularly around unconventionals, we're undercapitalized. And we're going to continue to be working to try to make sure that we have assets on the ground to do that work on a realtime basis.
Mark A. McCollum: There are several different initiatives, Jim, that we're working on. One is we've been completing a fairly significant manufacturing plant in Singapore for our Completion Tools product service line. Our Completion Tools product service line management now resides in Singapore. We're operating that business internationally. And so that's been a fairly significant change and it also, because of the way that we procure, has required subsistent changes to back that up. Secondarily, we still are continuing to work on a project we internally call Battle Red that is associated with our Frac of the Future initiative but really is designed to look at our back office operations, the ordering cash process, the use of mobility, mobile technologies in the field itself to allow our business development, our operations people to be better connected, to move our paper flows more -- to expedite that flow so that we can build faster, be more responsive to customer changes when their -- when work moves as it always does. And that's a fairly significant rollout that requires some changes to SAP, some reorientation of our business support centers. And that change will probably be sort of come to full fruition in the middle part of next year but something that we're spending some ongoing cost around. We're pretty excited about the opportunities that it will hold to reduce our working capital in terms of day sales outstanding and to allow us to improve our service quality as we work with customers. And then the final step really is around other changes that we see, particularly in our Drilling and Evaluation business orients to be more international. We are taking steps with our legal entity organization and other things to be able to expedite that work. And a lot of that relates to moving IP and other things offshore that allows to better utilize that in some of our foreign jurisdictions.
Mark A. McCollum: Just a follow-up on that, I mean, I think as we look ahead, we're not trying to build our plan just around service intensity growth and sort of relying on that. As Dave said, we think that the ultimate differentiator is going to be those guys that can be the lowest cost service provider. So we're very, very keenly focused on reducing our footprint, our operating cost, bringing down our internal cost so that ultimately, our realization on a per stage or per well goes up regardless of what happens on the service intensity side.
Mark A. McCollum: We do have some of the Frac of the Future fleets that are out there operating, and the early results are quite dramatic. We've got -- we were very pleased.
Mark A. McCollum: David, remember that about 80% to 85% of our fleet is contracted, right? So the key thing that we're looking for is customer budgets, an announcement that they're getting back to work. As we're looking we think about this transitory issue, we're talking about in Q4, they use up their budget and they're basically taking time off to coast into the end of the year. And so the key thing we'll be looking for is when are they are going to be starting backup and when could we get our crews back to work? And that takes up a -- the vast majority of the issue around what we're looking for. The second thing, obviously, will be then watching the rig count overall as it begins to leak up. As you commented, I think it's not the commodity price. The commodity price environment, particularly on the oil side, has been supportive. And we've seen near -- on an absolute basis a 6% reduction in the U.S. land rig count since the end of June in spite of that. And so that's why this feels so transitory and really budget related. And going into next year, many of the contract rollovers, customers have all suggested at least in their initial indicators that they're going to do want -- they're going to do more work, they’ll be running more rigs and asking for more equipment on our side. And so we feel, on a long-term basis, pretty good about what 2013 might hold.
Mark A. McCollum: Okay. Let me just add. Kurt, as you're thinking about the normalized margins, as we think about our North America margins or at least our U.S. margins right now, they're not us as far off as I think that the average margin indicates, right? We've described that guar is about 600 basis points of margin impact on us. When you eliminate that, that comes back to us substantially. We're back above 20%. We also think that we probably lost a little under 100 basis points of margin this quarter just on activity and mix as a result of the declining rig count over the course of the quarter. And so it doesn't take that much movement for us to sort of begin to threaten those normalized margins as we've talked about them with some repair on the market.
Mark A. McCollum: Yes, essentially, guar is our cost, right. It's an input cost into the work that we do. As our guys have been in the market bidding, we know that we have a higher cost average -- higher average cost of guar. They have substantially tried to ignore that. So that they remain competitive. And as a result of that, to the extent that our inflation is above the market, we've just taken that straight on the chin. And as we look ahead, with the crop yield being 20% to 50% higher next year, we're already beginning to see sort of current pricing of guar in the market beginning to fall, the success of the PermStim rollout and what it's being able to achieve for customers and the demand that we're seeing in terms of its growth, we feel like that will not only be able to kind of get ourselves back to as we normally would on supply chain side, be it sort of the most favored nations price that's out there in the market, but also probably have some ability to value price the PermStim offering going into next year as we get more and better results from its use.
Mark A. McCollum: Let me kind of give you an example. Our stimulation pricing is generally on a per stage basis. Let's say, we charge $100 first day. I mean, it's obviously a lot more than that. But let's say $100 as an example, of which, let's say, $0.50 of that -- there are $50 of that $100 is materials that are consumed and that includes our guar cost today. As Tim said, there's about 600 basis points in that. So what we would expect is our $50 of material to go down to $44 of material or whatever the math would work out. So therefore, the customer doesn't see the increase as they came through and won't see the decline as it goes out.
Mark A. McCollum: Well, I mean I think our hope is that we're going to be really working through a lot of our inventories, getting it down in normalized levels toward the end of this year or early next. I mean, the variable in this is to what extent activity falters in Q4 because we've sort of known fairly closely what our usage is and where that's going, and then also how much PermStim. PermStim has been growing significantly as a substitute product that can also cost some of the guar inventory leak over into Q1 if we don't use it. But having done that, we think that really, we're going to start new purchases of the new crop year at the end of the year and that will begin to influence the average cost in our inventories quite dramatically. And so hopefully, by the time we get out of Q1, no matter what happens, we'll have this guar issue behind us, back to market levels.
Timothy J. Probert: I think a couple of points, James. I think -- number one, I think the rate of drilling efficiency in the second half of the year have probably exceeded expectations. And as a result of that, we've seen essentially this construct of many companies essentially running at a budget as we glide in towards the end of the year. And I think as Dave mentioned as well, the combination of that fact plus it's really easy take a little extra time around holiday period as we've seen in past cycles. That, clearly, is contributing to the slowdown. I think the indications we are getting clearly is that we will see that increase as we get into 2013. I don't think we're naïve enough to think that it happens on -- in the first week of January because it won't. So it will be a spaced event as we go through the first quarter. And that's the best year that we have at the moment.
Timothy J. Probert: I think that's pretty basin specific. When you sort of break things out a little bit, I mean, if you just kind of look at, say, the Permian, the Eagle Ford and the Bakken together, those 3 basins now represent about 50% of the total rig count in the U.S. And you look at the Marcellus, the Barnett, the Haynesville, they're only about 10% of the total rig count today and down about 50% since the beginning of the year. So you can see where the greatest pressures come from that. It's not to say that any basin is immune right now, but basin by basin, there are different pressures. Dry gas, the rig count declines have stabilized there in fact. Wet gas is still coming down and so if you kind of look at the wet gas, dry gas and liquids, the former are the most impacted. So I think I would say that we're starting to see some signs of a bottom. As Dave mentioned, the best sign that you ever see is when you see people, smaller firms operating at EBITDA breakeven. We've certainly seen some indications of that. That usually is the best indicator that pricing is starting to stabilize. And I think you'll gather more information on that over the coming week or so in terms of whether or not that thesis continues from last quarter to this quarter.
Timothy J. Probert: When we sort of look at the overall sort of rig contracting picture, I mean, clearly, there are a lot of mechanical and SCR rigs that are getting sort of dropped and put on the sideline. The efficiency gains have been quite substantial during the course of this year, but not just in terms of drilling times but also in terms of move times as well. And that, obviously, contributions to, as you mentioned, the higher well count. We've also seen, I think, an increase in the wells and inventory. Dave touched on that a little bit earlier. So it's a little hard to triangulate exactly what the picture looks like at this moment. But I don't see any change next year in terms of the drive towards drilling efficiency. I think the biggest gains have probably been realized. But we're a very innovative industry and we'll keep pushing for -- to reduce days to debt. So as we get back into next year, I think we'd kind of start where we left off and then we'll continue to see incremental gains that are arguably not quite as significant as we saw this year.
Timothy J. Probert: Yes, I think we do see service intensity increasing. As we've said a couple of times, the first battle here has been all around service efficiency. I feel that as a company, we've got that well positioned and as a -- from the example I was giving you regarding our new pumping systems some significant benefits. They are not just in terms of operating cost but in terms of capital deployment, too, which is very important to us. But the next inning really is all about subsurface efficiency. It's about making better wells. And we've been in a scramble as an industry to get work done for a couple of years. Now it's about applying the science to the subsurface, making better wells and becoming a lot more efficient not just in the oily basins, but in the gassy basins too.
Timothy J. Probert: We're in the rollout phase today. And obviously, we have a large existing fleet. And so we have to implement enough Frac of the Future fleets to ensure that we sort of impact the overall balance. So we'll start to see some impacts during 2013. The bulk of the impacts though probably will be more felt in 2014.
Timothy J. Probert: Yes, I think the first comment there probably, Kurt, is around pricing in general. I think just to sort of clarify a little bit. I mean, the pricing issues that we have today are primarily around stimulation. So you saw the D&E results. They were good for North America improvement in margins off the Q. And I think as we've touched on, there is clearly -- anything that directly touches frac may have a little more pressure than those things that don't touch frac. So I think the first point is that there is a real opportunity to pull through elements which do not today have significant pricing pressure. I think that's point number one. And with respect to the pull-through, obviously, anytime that you renegotiate, you're looking for some opportunity to improve your longer-term position. You've heard it from us before. It's something that we tend to focus, on and those product lines typically would be around completions, would be around wireline, would be around coil, just to give a few examples of areas where we would really sort of push to, to try and improve the pull through.
