David Lesar: Thanks, Tim. Let me now just quickly summarize where we’re at. Increase in overall activity and completion intensity in the Q2 have led to very high utilization rates and increased pricing for most of our product service lines in the US. Going forward we expect that the overall rig count will continue to grow but at a slower rate, and also we expect further pricing opportunities. Our already high utilization rate and growing cost threshold will serve to somewhat slow down the rate of improvement in our margins. Our international business showed progression in both revenue and margins during the Q2. We continue to believe that the second half of 2010 will be better for our international markets. However, we now expect that the growth will be more weighted toward the end of the year than we had originally anticipated. So we remain very bullish about the prospects of global deepwater activity and we will utilize our technology, capabilities, and global infrastructure to benefit also from this secular trend.  Let’s go ahead and open it up for questions at this point. 
David Lesar: Let me just add a little bit to that because it’s not that our ability to increase pricing slowed down. And I mentioned a couple times, we’re starting to have to deal a little bit with the affect of increasing costs. So we are attempting obviously to continue to raise pricing and raise margins, but our vendors are wanting a piece of that ability at this point in time.
David Lesar: No, it’s primarily the IOCs and it’s really hard to tell what – there’s two things at play here. One is them sort of taking a look at the economic conditions and getting these big projects started, because on these major projects, once you start and sanction them there’s really no turning them off until you’ve spent a lot of money. So I suspect that a lot of our customers are using a pause from the Gulf of Mexico to sort of do a last study of their processes. It’s really a way for them to step back, take a couple of more deep breaths before they embark on some of these major, long-term projects. So we’re not concerned that these projects are not going to go forward. They will go forward, but I think that everyone’s like I said, just taking a last breath or two and maybe delaying by a quarter or a half a quarter the sanctioning of these projects.Bill Herbert – Simmons & Company:  Right, and I get the fact that clients are more introspective with regard to deepwater well designs and processes, and that’s mostly IOCs. But the reticence with regard to the overall economic outlook, that’s IOCs as well.
David Lesar: No, no it doesn’t. That was a different kind of contract.David Anderson – J P Morgan:  Okay. On a different subject you were talking about reallocation costs occurring in the Gulf of Mexico. I guess two questions – how quickly can you get this done? Is that kind of by the end of the year? And also internally how many active rigs are you guys counting on the deepwater twelve months from today? I think the last I spoke to you guys, you were thinking about 17 rigs. That was a month and a half ago, and I can’t imagine things have gotten any better in your opinion.
David Lesar: No. If you think about the 5% to 8% we announced, if a reasonable level of shelf drilling goes forward in the next couple of quarters, and I think that’s a little iffy at this point in time, then I think the hit to earrings will be at the low end. If the shelf continues to find it very difficult to get permits and therefore they can’t drill, then I think it’s going to be toward the upper end. One of the things we are not doing is we are not going to diminish our infrastructure in the Gulf of Mexico. So yes, we’re going to try to move people; yes, we’re going to try to move equipment. But we are going to maintain our vast Gulf of Mexico facilities - lab, manufacturing, all of those facilities – on the basis that the Gulf is going to come back, which we believe it will. And that will be part of a drag on earnings for a period of time. But in our view, when the Gulf comes up again you’re going to have to have that stuff in place. I’d just rather keep it and pay for it on an as-we-go basis than try to recalibrate it and reconstitute it at some point in time in the future.
David Lesar: Yeah, the 8% is anemic shallow water and the bottom of the range is a more robust shallow water environment.
David Lesar: Yeah, and I think one other area that is sort of pushing drilling that a lot of people have not focused on is companies that are drilling with other people’s money. And keep in mind that over the last year a number of the big US gas players have announced transactions with primarily outside of the US IOCs and in some cases other money players to essentially have them carry their drilling programs for them. And I think that is actually going to also drive some additional drilling because you know, the customers have the liquidity provided by others to be able to do so.
David Lesar: Well, I think the discussions are many and the conclusions are varied, I guess would be the best way to put it. I think that nobody believes that they will be out of business in the Gulf of Mexico let’s say a year from now. I think one of the big concerns is going to be the ability to get the deepwater rigs to come back into the Gulf of Mexico market if they’re absorbed in other parts of the world. Remember, these things take a long time to drag out of the Gulf and halfway around the world. That’s a lot of downtime on those rigs. So the concern is the ability to get the rigs, bring them back in here. What are the insurance costs going to be? What are the new regulations going to be? So I would say that in the next twelve months that there's probably very little discussion taking place about the ability to ramp up to anywhere near the level that we were at. But if you look at the prospects, you look at the reservoirs there, a number of the big IOCs are very heavily committed to the Gulf of Mexico and they certainly will start up as fast as is practical after they get the go-ahead.
David Lesar: I don’t think you should expect to see anything in 2010. We're in the back half of the year now. You see a lot of headline numbers; I saw the same ones you did. We’re having the same discussions with a lot of these customers. It’ll take awhile to get these contracts awarded. Typically then they don’t have startups for three to six months after award. So I would say that you’ll see awards in 2010, probably costs and ramp up in 2011 with some commensurate revenues, and then sort of a more reasonable operating environment probably into 2012.
David Lesar: I think, Jim, one of the lessons we learned from the last time is that you can push pricing up so hard so fast across all basins that you make it uneconomic for your customers to continue to drill; and once that cycle sort of turns over it can get pretty ugly as we’ve seen. So as I indicated in my comments, we’re trying to go basin by basin this time, work with our customers on understanding the returns they need and helping them understand the returns we need. And the returns we need sometimes are more about efficiency than they are about pricing. So we’re trying to do more of a rifle shot approach instead of a shotgun blast in the market. And we have a targeted market share that we have right now and we are going to build equipment to meet that targeted market share, but we’re not going to build any equipment beyond being able to do that. And I hope everybody else is sort of equally responsible.
David Lesar: The IPM market right now, if you look at the markets that were embracing IPM in a big way obviously were Iraq, a little bit of Saudi Arabia - you know we won the South Ghawar project which by the way is going very, very well - and Algeria. And of course Mexico is the story everybody knows about. Obviously the IPM day seems to be coming to an end in Mexico. Algeria, it’s still a market that there’s a lot of IPM activity in but we have been unsuccessful, as has our competitors in getting extensions signed by Sonatrach on a lot of the existing ones. So that’s out there as a market but right now it’s pretty slow in Algeria. Iraq obviously will be a big IPM market, but you see scatterings of it here and there but it doesn’t seem to be developing a big bow wave out in front of it right now. And I think that as commodity prices have stabilized, especially liquid commodity prices, I think you’re seeing more and more of sort of the standard type of contracts more than a reach for an IPM type of engagement.
David Lesar: I don’t think that all 12 will get done this year for a couple of reasons. One, the service industry’s capacity to handle - all that is going to be stretched with just some of the major initial big ones. Number two, I think our customers are finding it maybe more difficult than anticipated to get a tender award through the National Oil Company approval process, which all of them are required to do in Iraq. And therefore, you will see the major ones awarded this year but you definitely will not see them all.
David Lesar: I mean certainly the benefits of being big, we believe in it. And when we say “big,” I mean have the ability to bring multiple product lines to a customer offering, and have one poke through to the other. So I think being integrated and having multiple product lines certainly is working to our advantage. You know, if you look at why the sort of sudden increase in capacity – one, we have been talking for a number of quarters about the higher horse powers that are needed to frac these shale plays, and we now have to show up on a major shale play with 40,000 horsepower just to sort of ante into the game. And if you look at the average horsepower per job all the way across the US, it’s doubled in the last six to twelve months. So not every job takes 40,000 horsepower, but the average job in North America has doubled its horsepower utilization. So that in itself is absorbing a lot of the industry capacity. The more aggressive horizontal drilling, especially in some of the hard to drill hotter shale plays, are eating drilling tools up. The higher horsepower, higher flow rates on the fraccing is eating frac equipment up, it’s eating drill bits up. And so the nature of the drilling, the more difficult type of situations, and the higher horsepower needs all are increasing the demand for what you have to show up with on the job, and it’s also consuming that equipment a lot more quickly. That in itself, as we have said in prior quarters, we thought would help balance out the supply and demand of equipment in the US. And I think that’s turned out to be a dead-on call.
Mark McCollum: Hi Dan, this is Mark. As I mentioned in my comments, the margins were actually fairly consistent in North America month to month. You know, we had seen in the first quarter a steady progression upward at quite a rapid pace; in the Q2 they leveled off quite a bit. And so the June margin itself wasn’t that far off of the quarter average.
Mark McCollum: Things like vessels for an example might be more impactful, if vessels move on a wholesale basis to other markets.David Anderson – J P Morgan:  Okay, thank you.
Mark McCollum: Kurt, this is Mark. I think as we look forward in terms of what the US businesses are doing, in the Q3 it seems like US land will probably fully offset or at least get very close to fully offsetting the weakness in the Gulf. Fourth quarter, you know, as we move into winter stiffs in our business it may be a little less, but that’s, we’re still very excited about what’s happening on US land right now.
Mark McCollum: Well, we’re still looking at approximately $2 billion, in that range, the $2 billion range for total CAPEX for the year. So still sort of in line with the previous guidance at this point.
Mark McCollum: Well, I think yeah. Part of the increase the last time around was also an acceleration of some capital deliveries into the US market where we saw demand for things like pressure pumping equipment increasing. So that was serving to offset that, and I think that continues to be the case – any kind of a weakness that we might see in capital deliveries in international will be offset by deliveries for additional capacity in the US land.
Mark McCollum: No. I think, Ole, that one of the things, once you get a handle on what your pricing dynamics are in Eastern Hemisphere markets, because of the longer-term nature of those contracts, it’s easier to get your cost structure in line to support those contracts at what is a sufficient margin to take them on. And as Tim said, in 2009 we were really dealing with a rapidly changing pricing environment. We really didn’t have an idea where that was going to settle down, and therefore we did not do a lot of changing to our cost structure last year. Now that we know what these contracts are, what we’ve won, what the pricing is on them, we can make sure that our organization by country, by product line, is now aligned with supporting that contract but also being able to give us a chance to increase our margins going forward.
Mark McCollum: Oh yes. Every quarter that’s something that we work on and we try to focus on and sharpen up our operating capabilities by country at a lower cost.
Tim Probert: Well, the big story in Latin America is Brazil, and Brazil is really what was the primary driver for the strength of Latin America during the quarter. With respect to Mexico, I think the best way to think about Mexico is that the current quarter sort of provided a peak of Mexico performance. And as Dave alluded to, we do not expect that to continue. Clearly the budgetary constraints are going to have a significant impact on that.
Tim Probert: I think we would say in general that Russia’s a little bit below our original expectations for the second half of the year. That obviously remains to be seen, Bill, but our sort of general sense at the present time is that it may not perform quite as strongly as we had originally intended, and that was sort of in the double digit growth range that we’d announced I think at the end of the year.Bill Herbert – Simmons & Company:  Okay, thanks very much.
Tim Probert: You know, there is a limited amount of assets that are likely to be moved into the international markets for a variety of reasons – some of it is the type of equipment, some of it is size, some of it is suitability. So you know there’s always that potential that everyone doing everything at the same time may have an impact, but there's certainly no evidence that that’s taken place at the present.
Tim Probert: I think it is interesting to note that we were mobilized last week on a shelf well construction project, so it’s not, it’s by no means a trend but it does sort of indicate that we’re starting to see some movement on the permitting front.
Tim Probert: Of course, there is no sort of perfect repository of this information, but the general information that we have from our own organizations suggest that we saw a decline in Q1 in the overall position. And drill to hold, the inventory of wells that is out there increased somewhat in Q2, and we expect to see a sharp increase in Q3 based on the information that we have, particularly Bakken and Eagle Ford. So we’ll see that inventory continue to rise. With respect to drill and hold specifically, most of our customers really indicate to us they still have a firm amount of activity to take them through into 2011.
Tim Probert: Well clearly our stimulation business leads the pack in terms of pricing. I think the important thing really to understand here from our standpoint is the way we try and use our stimulation business to provide an integrated package of value propositions for our customers. Probably as we look across the board, clearly stimulation is at the high end; directional drilling, drill bits, completions in the middle; and wire line probably is at the bottom end of the range in terms of pricing realization.
Tim Probert: Clearly international pricing is still very competitive, Ole. We have, as you recall we had a very active 2009 in terms of bidding processes as our customers took advantage of the changing dynamics in the industry, and those contracts clearly have come into play during the course of 2010. And as you would appreciate there is some time between the ability to move those prices and the start up of those contracts. So I would say in general international pricing is still quite challenging. There are a few areas that are a little brighter than others, but in general, that psychology if you like from the North American market is still prevailing in the international markets.
Tim Probert: Which markets could be slower? You’ve already touched on Mexico. I think that you know, clearly North Africa, particularly Algeria as Dave mentioned earlier is somewhat of a concern, primarily because we see some, shall we say, slowness in decision making there causing some hold up in overall activity. West Africa in general, there has been a little bit of a slowness there in terms of the mobilization of new contracts which we had expected to take place by now, though the full force of those I think will come in during late 2010. Other than that, Angie, I don’t have any specifics, other than of course the North Sea continues to be a challenging chestnut here. Activity has been quite slow in the first half of the year. We have better expectations for the second half, but we’ve said that before.
Tim Probert: Yeah, every indication we have at the present time is as Dave said in his comments, that we’ll see a slightly slower rate of change in Q3 than we had originally expected, picking up momentum in Q4.
