Jeff Miller: Thanks, Lance. To summarize our discussion today, momentum is building internationally and activity improvement should continue into 2020. Leading edge pricing is trending upward as equipment supply and demand balance tightens in various geographies. Halliburton has the footprint and the expanded technology portfolio to capitalize on this international growth. We recognize the changing behavior of our North American customers and are executing a new playbook to keep generating returns and free cash flow. Halliburton is taking the right actions to be successful in this market. We have cut overall CapEx in 2019 and plan to do so in 2020 as well. This is driving the right capital allocation decisions and pricing and returns discussions. We are reducing our operating costs. We have restructured our North American organization and are also partnering with our premier supply chain and logistics organization to reduce our input costs. We have stacked additional equipment throughout the quarter and will continue to do so with a focus on returns. We are strategically growing our share of services per well by increasing the competitiveness of our non-hydraulic fracturing product service lines. And finally, we're developing technologies that will improve well productivity, a requirement of a mature unconventional market. We remain focused on delivering consistent execution, generating superior financial performance and providing industry leading shareholder returns. And now let's open it up for questions.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. Thanks, Angie. International doesn’t move as fast as for example North America. So, when we see a trajectory, it tends to stay on that trajectory. And I'm encouraged by 2020 because of the number of FIDs and types of things that we're seeing today that really don't get started until 2020. So the Kuwait, for example, doesn't really begin until the middle of next year though it was won now. And so, the FIDs that we're seeing now, give me confidence about the trajectory for 2020. You're early to call growth rates for next year. But yeah, I think you meant 2019 when I see a similar kind of growth trajectory 2019 that carried over into 2020. And yeah that seems reasonable to me.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, Angie let me start with pricing. I mean from our perspective it was stable for us through Q2. That doesn't mean there isn't occasionally something that we see in terms of pricing behavior by a competitor. But on balance, very stable. As we look at the balance of the year certainly from an activity standpoint, I've said it would be down slightly in Q3. Obviously, Q4 always comes with weather seasonality all of that, I suspect given budgets that we would see more step down as well around that. But I think what's really important here is as you described it the way we're approaching the market, I mean our playbook is different. We're very sharp around taking costs out where we see it needs to come out. We've demonstrated that we do stack equipment, will stack equipment and are just dead focused on returns and margins. And so that's kind of the way we see the second half of the year. Obviously customer spend through Q2, we don't know that yet. But when we do know that, I think that will also be instructive on the second half of the year. We talk to our customers, so we know what they're thinking, but the fact is we need to look at where those budgets come out in Q2. And I guess just one follow-up on international pricing you'd ask that question Angie. We're seeing international pricing. It is getting traction. It's getting traction around tool shortages and demand in certainly the North Sea. We've seen it in a few other markets as well. And I think that's part of what we see from our standpoint anyway that the capital discipline that we're driving is driving the right conversations with customers, and quite frankly the right choices by us.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks, Sean. I mean, we're in the early planning around CapEx for 2020. Clearly, we're in the early planning stages. But I wouldn't have highlighted if it wasn't going to be meaningful. So, just to kind of discuss CapEx 2020, we believe firmly that we don't sacrifice growth and opportunities internationally, and we still have room to grow in North America if customer budgets support that, important, the kind of behavior and decisions that capital scarcity is driving, and we will then continue that into 2020. With respect to electric fleets, this is -- this is something we also we know a lot about and we've been testing those and had a fleet in the field for some time now. So, this isn't new to us. But it's also -- we're going to be thoughtful about where and how we deploy capital. So, as we look at that particular space, that's -- the market is over-supplied. And so, when we get to the end of every year, when we think about CapEx, some part of the fleet rolls off every year and we look at that. And at that point, we're presented with choices and this is around replacement. Do we replace that asset with a quiet fleet or a dual fuel fleet or in this case could be an electric fleet? So, I mean, I see that lift from our standpoint as an evolution, but we don't see customers willing to pay more for that today. So that's kind of how we frame electric right now.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I mean James, I'm not ready to call 2020 at this point, but there's no reason not to believe that's possible. I think, the thing we're going to stay dead focused on though going into 2020 are going to be margins and we want profitable growth. And I think, we demonstrated with where we are we can grow and we've grown quite a bit internationally. But we're going to again keep a sharp eye on margins as that market unfolds.
Jeff Miller: Well it's a mixed bag. I mean I would say that our state customers look at that scenario and realize that service pricing isn't adequate and returns aren't adequate and need the work done well and we have a lot more success with those customers and that's a bigger group of customer. It gets to be a bigger group of customer all of the time. It also helps when we say or demonstrate that tools are sold out and we can do that by making choices and so that also helps.  Our service quality that Halliburton has is a level quite frankly I've never seen it before. And so what we have to offer is a fantastic product and so we're very comfortable talking about pricing today.
Jeff Miller: Look returns are first and foremost for us. And so we looked at all of this in terms of returns. From a share perspective, the pace that I'm describing actually is perfectly adequate if we're happy with the returns and the technology deployment to keep up with where we are in the market. That's just sort of a normal replacement schedule that we're already on. It's just how we make those choices around what we replace. From our perspective it's going to have to be a more efficient lower capital endeavor or somehow make better returns than what's out there today or it doesn't proliferate. That's not saying we don't participate, but what I'm saying is I want to make certain that the Halliburton approach around really power and pumps, we love the pumps that we have together are making a return. And at least where we see it today it's not a -- it's more capital for the same or less returns so that's not really where we want to be.
Jeff Miller: That means, Bill the mobilizations we clearly see those and those are finishing, finishing now. Sperry technology implementation certainly helps. There are other D&E technologies that we're rolling out. They're equally helpful. I talked about some of them on the call velocity guns other things ramping. And then the visibility around not just software but year-end product sales is better than it's been in the past. And so, I think we're confident around -- the catalysts are intact. We can't prescribe the cadence necessarily, but certainly second half ramps up.
Jeff Miller: I'll sort of start with sort of your question around sort of the allocation on C&P margins. But I think look -- Completion Tools had a great, great quarter. But I think the majority of what we're doing in terms of making sure that we're managing costs in North America is reflected in some of the C&P performance as well. I mean, we're being decisive or moving quickly and we're seeing the results and I think that's what's important.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. Bill, I mean, we're not going into competitive specifics. I think you're in the market so you have a sense of what that is. I think the point is that we are continuing to stack equipment when it doesn't make sense. And I think that will come with slightly lower revenues, but certainly higher margins.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. So this is very competitive tool. In fact, we're fortunate, because we've got a solid manufacturing business in Alvarado, Texas where we've been building and making charges for years. So as velocity guns go into the market highly effective. We have the ability to tailor those as required for different configurations, which is a benefit certainly to us. And it's also part of bringing down in my view the overall, I'd just say cost. This is the effectiveness around integrated wireline in North America. So we can change actually the way that we work to get to a lower cost and better performance, which is different than just having two things sitting out there together. It changes the -- not just the number of people, but who is doing what allows us -- the velocity guns allow us to change the certainly the technical content on-location reduces the number of misruns or misfires. And I'm really excited about the volume. I mean, we described it as 40% of the goal gun shot by Halliburton, which is a lot of guns. But we see actually the potential to continue to drive unit cost of those guns down as the volume continues to grow. So that -- it's one of the things that just gets more competitive over time.
Jeff Miller: Look, those are all things we look at. I think the really the rotary steerables and motors are very different animals in the marketplace. What we're doing in rotary steerables is really exciting for many. I mean, this is a fantastic piece of kit, and it's very integrated into sort of data and real-time and not just real-time, but automation, so, really excited about that. I've always been clear that we didn't want to be aligned with just one, for example, contractor. I believe that if you look at North America, it's an open architecture market, and there is a lot of choice that can be exercised by customers. So, we've always been really careful to make sure of what we put in the market is functional with lots of providers. And so that's sort of a one thing certainly around the rotary steerables. In the motor, I talked last quarter about our Motors Center of Excellence. And I'm really excited about that, because it allows us now to customize solutions for our clients around motor performance. So there is a lot of variability in terms of the rock and performance of motors. And having that in-house allows us not only to do the customization, but also retain the learning and bake that into a very efficient sort of turnaround in 24-hour type business. So that's something that how we align it with operator is interesting, but the way I think more about it is, how does it from a value proposition standpoint work best for us and I think we've got it there now.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. I think the -- we're always managing the fleet, I guess, is the way I would say that. And there's clearly always -- when we have a big fleet it gives us the ability to retire, replenish, repair, and in my view replace and so we take all of that together. Some equipment that stack is ready to go back. Some equipment that comes out of the system is actually the equipment I was describing that is being retired where we have choice around how we replace that equipment and at what pace. So, I think the -- we're really careful with the fleet that way. There's no question that equipment is working harder and attrition is occurring in the marketplace. We don't see capital spend going up. We just don't see new equipment coming into the market and we know how hard it's working. So, all of that conspires to drive attrition. As I've always said it's hard to see the pace of attrition until there's a call on the equipment. I suspect there will be at some point, but I do know that the physics of pumping fluid and sand through steel is having its effect on broadly the fleet in North America, all fleets in North America.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. Just to cut to the chase, yes. The answer is yes. What you're seeing is that new playbook in action. But the -- what we recognize is there's a change in the customer spending patterns. And when that changes it has to -- we want to address the best returns. And so what was the right playbook several years ago when there was a different cadence and pace of customers spend today needs to change and so that's what you're seeing in action. And so we're going to be super sharp around capital into the downturn. I say the downturn but what we see is slowing activity that I described for Q3. What we want to make sure is that we are -- if it's slightly down we want to be slightly there with our CapEx. But most importantly -- not our CapEx our capital equipment. But what's most important to us is that we're not waiting on the spring back. We've demonstrated we know how to add people back to the system and equipment back when it's required, so I'm quite comfortable that reflects down when the prices go below something that is making a return for us and we'll let somebody else do that at below return cost. So I hope that's clear. But that's the way we're thinking about – that’s not how we're thinking about it that's how we're executing on the new playbook.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, that's fair. Though I would say we like integrated work and we do a lot of that in the North Sea, we do a lot of that around the world and we're happy doing that when it's available in North America. But at the same time, yes, everything has to make a return. And part of the reorganization in North America was around cost, but equally so was around speed of decision-making and executing each of those service lines. And I'm really pleased to report with the North America spend down in the first half of the year, our non-frac revenue per rig was up 13% year-on-year. So, that's evidence of that sharp focus around all of those service lines.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Dave I mean I feel like that's OpEx spend by clients and it's really important that they produce and support production and that means every well needs to work. And that's part of the reason we've talked about growing our production business. And I say growing and building out production because OpEx and production matters a lot to our customers. And I think that's what you're seeing in the ESP business because it's an effective way for clients to prove production. But chemicals in some ways falls along the same lines so excited about those businesses.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thank you, Shannon. Before we close, I'd just like to reemphasize a couple of points. First, I'm excited about the international recovery, the growth for the balance of 2019, and the momentum that's building into 2020. In North America, we plan to execute our new playbook reducing costs, stacking fleets, and reducing CapEx that drives better margins and free cash flows for 2019 and 2020. Our focus on non-frac service lines is a terrific opportunity for Halliburton and our organization is well-positioned to deliver profitable growth. Look forward to talking to you again next quarter and Shannon, please close out the call.
Lance Loeffler: Yes. Sean thanks for the question. So, look over the last two years, we've generated over $1 billion of free cash flow and I expect that that trend continues in 2019. Now we've got work to do in the second half of the year, but the path to that free cash flow generation first starts with sort of margin improvement in 2H, particularly with our D&E business, right? But it also includes making progress on collection. We saw DSO improvement from Q1 to Q2 and I suspect that that will continue throughout the course of the second half of the year. In terms of inventory that you mentioned, it is true. We've invested a considerable amount in inventory in the first half of the year as we continue to deploy iCruise and our Sperry technology deployment as well as I expect us to burn that down in the second half of the year in addition to the normal traditional completion tool delivery that we expect in the back half of the year. So, I think both of those will be momentum adding to our free cash flow. Now, I'd also point out too, our rate of spend in CapEx was heavier in the first half of the year which is not unusual. We reiterated our guidance around the $1.6 billion of spend in this year. So it will have a slower rate of spend in the second half as well.
Lance Loeffler: Look I think we'll see -- we'll continue to see continued momentum in terms of the activity that we're doing in places like the North Sea and India. We're also going to have in the fourth quarter we've got visibility this year just given the strength of the international recovery more than we've had in prior -- in the last several years around software sales that will also be a tailwind to that. But I think to come back to it, look D&E produced 44% I believe incrementals just 1Q to 2Q. I think that clearly the international recovery helps that business and what we've been talking about. But what we're trying to describe right in terms of the tale of two halves is a business that, while it was weighed down by certain things or from certain timing perspectives as we continue to deploy our new Sperry technology is that you're going to see a market difference in the two halves of the year. And I think that's the message that we're trying to communicate to The Street.
Lance Loeffler: Yes. Look I think Bill, I said on the prior call that we'd be sort of flattish or in the ballpark. I think look, there's a lot of stuff that we've got to go out and execute but the tailwinds behind what we have looking forward for D&E for the second half of the year paint a very different picture in terms of margin profile than they did in the first half.
Lance Loeffler: Yeah. I mean that's a good question, Kurt. Look I think, obviously, we've got one quarter out so I'll save any of the specificity for next quarter's call in the fourth quarter. But I mean that's the intent. That's what we're working towards right? I mean that's what we talk about in terms of continuing to manage cost in North America and controlling what we can control. But we'll give a better view when we get to the third quarter call on what fourth quarter looks like for C&P.
