Chris Weber: Thanks, Jeff. I will start with a summary of our second quarter results compared to the first quarter of 2018. Total Company revenue for the quarter was $6.1 billion and operating income was $789 million, representing increases of 7% and 27%, respectively. These results were primarily driven by increased activity in U.S. land. Looking at our division results. In our Completion and Production division, revenue increased by 9% while operating income increased 34%, and operating margin increased by nearly 300 basis points. These results were primarily driven by increased pressure pumping and artificial lift activity in the United States land sector as well as increased pressure pumping services in Europe, Africa and CIS. These increases were partially offset by reduced completion tool sales in Europe, Africa and CIS, and reduced pressure pumping services in the Middle East. In our Drilling and Evaluation division, revenue increased by 3% while operating income increased 2% and operating margin was roughly flat. These results were primarily due to increased drilling activity in United States land sector, as well as increased drilling services and project management activity in the Middle East and India. These increases were partially offset by reduced drilling fluid activity in the Gulf of Mexico. In North America, revenue increased by 9%. This improvement was led by increased activity throughout the United States land sector within the majority of Halliburton’s product service lines, primarily pressure pumping, as well as higher drilling and artificial lift activity. Partially offsetting these increases were lower pressure pumping activity in Canada and reduced drilling fluid activity in the Gulf of Mexico. Latin America Revenue grew by 5%, resulting primarily from increases in software sales and project management activity in Mexico as well as stimulation activity in Argentina. Turning to Europe, Africa and CIS, revenue was slightly improved. These results were primarily driven by higher pressure pumping and pipeline services throughout the region, offset by lower completion tool sales, primarily in the North Sea and Angola along with reduced drilling activity in Azerbaijan. In the Middle East, Asia region, revenue increased 6%. This increase was largely the result of increased drilling services, project management activity, and completion tool sales in the Middle East as well as increased project management activity in India. In the second quarter, our corporate and other expense totaled $71 million, in line with our guidance. Next quarter, we expect to see a slight increase to about $75 million, primarily due to the implementation of cost saving projects. Net interest expense was $137 million, which is in line with our previous guidance. We expect to continue around this run-rate in the third quarter. Our effective tax rate for the second quarter came in at approximately 20%, which was lower than anticipated due to discrete tax benefits. Looking ahead, we expect our third quarter effective tax rate to be approximately 20%. Turning to cash flow. We ended the quarter with a total cash position of $2.5 billion, inclusive of marketable securities. Cash from operations during the quarter was approximately $1 billion, driven by higher business activity and working capital improvement. Capital expenditures were $565 million and our full year 2018 CapEx remained unchanged. Going forward, we expect to generate strong free cash flow and still plan to retire the $400 million note that matures in August. In addition, in the second half of this year, we are targeting to both retire our $500 million 2021 debt maturity as well as initiate share repurchases under our existing authorized program. Let me turn it back to Jeff for a few closing comments.
Chris Weber: Yes. I mean, you look at ‘19, and Jeff talked about demand on the books starting in early next year. We would expect that to positively impact utilization and positively impact pricing.
Chris Weber: From that capital budget perspective, we planned or set, and we’ve got a good view with regards to what we’re putting into Sperry and what we’re doing. So, it’s allowed us about positioning for ‘19 but and a lot of that capital is focused towards international, not necessarily just North America. So, we feel like it’s still in the right place.
Chris Weber: So, we’ve talked about target credit metrics, debt-to-EBITDA under 2.5 times and comfortable on that. Debt-to-cap, as you mentioned is still low 50s. We want that to be down in the 30. So, some work to do there. We’ve made a lot of progress on debt repayment, $1.5 billion in 2017, targeting about another $1 billion in second half of this year. That’s 2.5 billion in total over two years, and that’s put a meaningful impact on credit metrics. But, we still have some work to do. And we’ll be thoughtful about looking for opportunities to do that going forward, as we think about how to deploy excess cash. But, consistent with what we said before, we’re not going to look to pay big premiums to retire debt. We will be thoughtful and efficient about how we do it, but again, balancing that with growth, things like the Athlon acquisition and return of cash to shareholders.
Jeff Miller: Thanks, Chris. To summarize, despite the temporary challenges affecting North America, I believe we are in the beginning of a prolonged cycle to continue to expand our revenues and improve our margins. The international markets continue to see pricing pressure, but we are seeing signs that pricing is stabilizing. We’re experiencing the positive impact of incremental activity on margins. We believe that the second half of 2018 will be better for our international markets. And contract wins in key segments are providing us the foundation to expand international margins in 2019. We will generate strong free cash flow through the balance of the year and look forward to reducing debt levels and initiating buybacks. Halliburton is the best positioned for this market. Our value proposition resonates with our customers. And we will continue to maximize their asset value while providing industry-leading returns for our shareholders. Now, let’s open it up for questions.
Jeff Miller: Yes, James. Look, when I talk about flat earnings that does not mean flat revenues. We see revenues up in North America and quite frankly internationally, and expect to outgrow the rig count in both. From an earnings perspective, let me say this, internationally, we face the same issues as our competitors. In North America, quite frankly, no one knows it better than we do. And I’ve already mentioned a lot of those challenges in my remarks. So, the bottom line is, I think that headwinds and the tailwinds are about the same, but very positive in terms of outlook as we look at 2019.
Jeff Miller: Well, James, clearly having those discussions with clients, we are seeing the ramp up in activity internationally, and seeing some tightness in certain product lines. For example, we bumped up CapEx last quarter at Sperry and anticipate rolling out technology, and what we see is that runway. But, we’re coming off of a tough bottom here. So discussions don’t necessarily mean price increases, certainly not immediate.
Jeff Miller: Well, I think, look, maybe I’ll just take a minute on the second half or this quarter and look ahead. I mean this was a fantastic quarter and delivered the highest revenue, highest margins and best returns. But, I did talk about customer dislocation in the northeast to a degree as they’ve met their production goals, and at least likely moderation or perception of moderation in the Permian Basin. But, I do know with certainty that 2019 is going to be humming. I mean, we’re looking at demand that’s already on the books. And I know this business. And so, whenever equipment moves around or we see any kind of slack in the system at all, I know the maintenance goes up, cost. And I’ve told our people to take advantage of that and spend more but be ready for 2019, which realistically translates into about $0.04 incremental impact on Q3. And that additional $0.04 is already baked into the guidance that I gave you. So, I don’t know, if that gives you a little more color. I mean, this is great market and great business.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think in the third quarter, because of the things I’ve talked about, there may be some softening, but we’re going to be still at or well above kind of where the rest of market is.
Jeff Miller: Look, really excited about the Athlon acquisition. And it’s part of a strategy that we’ve had in place to grow our chemicals business. It’s a small acquisition, but it’s the kind of thing that I’d like to do because it gives us all of the platform to grow at organically from here, and it complements some things we’re doing internationally. Over time, it’s going to deliver terrific returns. We are early in that cycle having just closed. But, the approach that we take on these kind of acquisitions, really works. This is an example where we buy a plant that’s sort of moderately utilized. We’ve got internal utilization that will actually ramp it up to a high rate of efficiency and lower our costs. So over time, that’s going to be a very good acquisition and part of our strategy around chemicals.
Jeff Miller: Okay. Thanks, Angie. But look, Permian off-take has nominal impact today. But, as I described, it’s not naïve to the math. I mean, clearly, this is the world class resource. And the entrepreneurs in that market will get it solved, I mean never bet against them. But in the near term, I think perception has as much impact as anything. And by that, I mean weighs on customer urgency, which ultimately has an impact on our utilization and efficiency. But look, no doubt this is world class resource. As far as more color, not much more to give other than a couple of very small but leading, and I would say, nominal factors at this point with respect to off-take.
Jeff Miller: Look, Angie, we’re very confident in the levers that we have and excited about how those continued to get rolled out, and I described some of them in the call. But I think what’s important is along the way as we get the ‘19 and beyond, I want to deliver the highest North American revenues and the best returns in North America. So, we’re going to take whatever the market gives us and get an outsized share of that. Also along the way, we delivered terrific free cash flow. And so, I believe Halliburton is where you want to be. And I think those other levers, in fact I know those other levers well in place, moving to ‘19.
Jeff Miller: Look, Sean, I’ll be crazy to talk about pricing strategy on this call. I mean, this is not a place where we’ll discuss that. I know that our competitors, all of our competitors, probably most of our customers are listening. But, what we’re committed to do is what’s best for both our customers and our shareholders.
Jeff Miller: Yes, I think there will be in 2019. I’m very, very excited about what we’re seeing unfold internationally. And we’ll see some of that in the second half of 2018 with respect to increase in activity. There will be some mobilization around that. But, as we look out to 2019 and really beyond, yes. I mean, I see a solid demand set coming together in front of us. And I’ve been I think pretty clear on international outlook over this last cycle and believe we’re right now. And as we see that grow into 2019, we’ll need some capital, but it’s probably, as we get into the year.
Jeff Miller: I guess, I’ll follow that up as well, Bill. I’ll go back to the ability to react very quickly, to capital requirements in North America. So, unlike our competitors, there are no orders that we placed a year ago that are being delivered today. We can move as quickly as 30 days, if required to move in 30 days. So, we continue to look for leading edge, pricing returns, and we have a really great business development organization. So, we know how to get things placed quickly and don’t pull the capital lever until all of those conditions are right.
Jeff Miller: Realistic is the short answer. I mean, all of the things that we sort of thought would unfold around supply are unfolding. And declines because of underinvestment are starting to manifest. And that sets us for a terrific sort of long-term ramp internationally. And feel like, even in the Permian, as we described that that’s a moderation in growth as opposed to a pullback.
Jeff Miller: Well, Jim, I think we see -- I will go back to the perspective on what we saw the Williston recover; we’ve seen the DJ Basin is in the midst of takeaway capacity, and that’s being resolved. And I would bet on the sooner rather than later in terms of West Texas. But, I expect that we do in the meantime is make a lot of free cash flow between now and when that’s resolved and expect that it happens -- while I say sooner rather than later, there are probably lots of things that can be done to improve that as they work through 2019, but it’s certainly within the confines of 2019.
Jeff Miller: No. I mean, these -- thank you, David. These are bigger capital expenditures than what you typically see in unconventionals but it also increases utilization and your better utilization throughout the day. It also allows us to better organize work. And because of the size of these, yes, there is more visibility of them sort of as the say manifest out in front of us. I also think though, it’s a demonstration of just the market moving towards better returns, in general. So, it’s as our customers look for ways to produce more and more quickly and try to give returns sooner in the cycle on the types of capital investments required for these larger pads.
Jeff Miller: Couple of things there. So, first, we are seeing some tightening in certain markets. And I think, it’s got going to be -- sort of international is a really big place. We can’t paint it with only one brush. As I described North Sea, seeing some tightness there, we’ll see some tightness in markets as we move around. And as a baseline of work is tendered, the follow-on work after that quite frankly is where there is more opportunity from a pricing standpoint or bidding, tendering standpoint to do things around price. And I expect that will unfold as we work into ‘19. But the base level of business is always very competitive, and that’s where a lot of efficiencies and work is done to improve those. But, so, my comment around tightness is, I think I’m seeing some tightness in certain service lines, as I described billing tools, which I think will drive some tightness. But, it’s more -- it will come in sort of geographies. Now, unfortunately, we’re seeing this across a number of geographies in terms of an uptick. But as far as that tightness goes, that will be sort of one at a time, I expect.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Deepwater, as I’ve always said is sort of the last to come back into the frame. And I think deepwater still is push to the right as far as widespread recovery. But, the macro that we see shaping up is certainly encouraging, but the kind of deepwater, new AFE type activity I expect is going to require confidence in what is the long term outlook on the forward-look on oil, which I think is improving and is reaching a point that it’s supportive. So, as we look out a couple of years, I think that’s where we see inside of that three-year window, as you described it, as we see deepwater pick up, probably in a more meaningful way. And exploration, again, the exploration that we’re seeing so far has been certainly more focused around sort of step outs and things that are near to existing infrastructure, generally speaking. And I think more confidence, a, in cash flows and by our clients. And again, speculating here, but I would expect that as confidence builds, so will that.
Jeff Miller: Well, we look at everything through the lens of returns, and that hasn’t changed. So, we’ve certainly done some work around electric frac fleets and have tested that process and how -- and what we think about it. Not convinced today that -- well, I shouldn’t say that, but we need to see that unfold and see what are the real return capabilities of that, mean the physics say, it still has to generate energy. We have to move big things around. So, I’m not as convinced that we see the type of return around the cost of that, it’s probably a 2X cost of getting into that electric sort of power generation versus what we’re able to accomplish today.
Jeff Miller: No. That’s more -- I mean, that comment is a North America comment in terms of activity that we see in 2019. Certainly, in markets where -- really across the piece, there is demand. We still have inbound demand in a market like this. So, I’m describing efficiency, the challenges to utilization efficiency through the second half of the year. But, that’s not to say we don’t see inbound demand today. And we also see very strong demand as we go into 2019. That’s the North America comment. As I talked about international, again, we see a contract set that we won today. And we also have visibility of, sort of, as I described last quarter, the doubling of tender activity. That’s all going to manifest over the second half of this year. And so, I’d make the same comment internationally. I mean, just like I say, this is a great outlook and a great market.
Jeff Miller: Look, what we are doing is making decisions around longer term. And it’s critical that we deliver leading returns and most free cash flow that we can deliver, we’re going to lead the market in doing those things. And so, the kind of decision we could have made -- getting to the target could have happened last quarter, this quarter or next quarter. But, those decisions would be shortsighted, in my view, not right for the business. So, as I said, what hasn’t changed is Halliburton does have largest revenues, highest margins, best returns. And so, we’re going to do those things to capture as much of 2019 as you expect and probably more. All of these things, as I’ve said solve themselves as we go into 2019, and I’m really excited about next year.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks, Waqar. I mean, because of the things I’ve described this morning, I mean, I think the total market is temporarily balanced. And I know our equipment is sold out and we could sell more. And that’s because of there’s a lot of demand for what Halliburton does from a service quality standpoint, reliability, efficiency and technology. And the demand or the pressure, the work rolled on the equipment hasn’t changed, and that’s the -- so, it means that the attrition story hasn’t changed either. And we still see probably half of the incremental horsepower that comes into the market being ploughed back into existing fleets, and that’s reason I spend so much time and we spend so much time managing fleet size. And we have fleet sizes that are well below the industry average and that’s how we -- one of the ways that we deliver leading returns.
Jeff Miller: I mean, with respect sand, the de-bundling, that’s a mixed bag. Ultimately, customers hire Halliburton to pump sand downhole, that’s what we get paid for. And we make money off a range of business models today and will continue to make margins off of making better wells. So, I don’t see a change in our strategy there. But, obviously, we look at everything through a returns lens and whatever that best returning model is, is how we view that.
Jeff Miller: Thank you, Candice. Before we close, I would like to wrap up with a few key points. First, I believe we are in the beginning of a prolonged upcycle in both North America and the international markets, and Halliburton is best positioned to grow and expand margins. Second, we expect to generate strong free cash flow and plan to reduce our outstanding debt levels, and are targeting to initiate share repurchases. Finally, our value proposition resonates with our customers and delivers industry-leading returns to our shareholders. So, I’ll look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Candice, please close out the call.
