David Lesar: Thank you, Tim. Let me just quickly summarize. Our contract wins in key Eastern Hemisphere markets should allow us to expand our international margins in 2012 by introducing incremental technology. Our visibility in North America suggests a prolonged cycle with opportunities to improve our revenue and margins further. So at this point, we believe that these improvements in North America, plus the international recovery, will lead us to a more favorable earnings picture during the second half of the year and into 2012.  So let's open it up for questions now.
David Lesar: I think, Kurt, a couple things. One is we're finally, I think, getting past the reengineering look and the process assurance look that a number of our customers were doing post-Macondo with respect to their offshore development. I think liquids prices are at a sufficient level that would allow these projects to go forward. These projects are getting sanctioned. They're getting final investment decisions in a positive way. It's really just how quickly the industry can gear up for some of these major projects. They're coming. Now whether they'll start toward the back end of this year or into 2012, they are definitely there. They're definitely coming at us, and we should get the benefit of equipment basically being picked up and put to work at that point in time. So I'm pretty optimistic that, that's all going to fall to the service industry's advantage.
David Lesar: Yes, I think -- this is Dave. Let me take the first shot at that. Certainly, with the frac equipment being a serious gating issue right now, our ability to pull through other services, I think, was really demonstrated this quarter. And I think it was easy to overlook one of the comments I made in that our incremental margins on our Drilling and Evaluation business in North America were basically the same as our Completion and Production. And so I think the pull-through is one. Adding capacity is certainly something we're doing in all of our product lines in North America. And obviously, we are well past the point where we have absorbed our fixed cost. So that should also have an ability to increase our margins without any pricing impact. We also are looking at -- on things like fuel or diesel, things like that, either going to customer furnished or to a peer pass-through on some of these things. So I would say there's a lot of moving pieces, but all of them added together gives us confidence that we should be able to expand our margins and our absolute operating income.
David Lesar: Yes, Jim, this is Dave. I think it's basically a tale of 2 cities. Any of the liquids plays, be it the Bakken, the Eagle Ford, the liquids ends of the Marcellus, they are all continue to be undersupplied and in some cases, undersupplied dramatically from a fracturing market. In some of the dry gas basins, we're starting to see competitors leave. We understand, I think, that we heard the other day that one of our major competitors has, I believe, has left Kilgore, or somewhere in the Haynesville. We are not leaving those markets, as I've said before. We have found, I think, a business model that would allow us to stay there with our customers and make the kind of returns that they want and the kind of returns we want. But I think that if you think about the dry gas basins, I would say, they're probably at equilibrium. And the oil basins or liquids basins, they all continue to be underserved.
David Lesar: Yes. As I said, Jim, I mean we have to find a business model that works for both sides. We are not going to leave equipment in a market that doesn't give us the kind of returns we want. So we will search for that model with a specific subset of customers. And if we get there, we'll stay. But if we don't get there, we will go to the liquids-rich play.
David Lesar: No. I think that anywhere where there is a market underserved by frac equipment and we have our other product lines, which we do, we will insist on some or most of our other product lines being involved with that customer.
Timothy Probert: Dave, this is Tim. I think that's possible, but the one thing that we're seeing is tremendous efficiency gains in terms of the overall drilling process, the well construction process, if you like. It's been quite impressive. I mean we're drilling laterals now up to 10,000 feet or so, and the degree of efficiency has, I think, been quite surprising to all. So I am frankly less concerned about rig supply today than I probably was 2 or 3 quarters ago.
Timothy Probert: Yes. I think in the last quarter, we said there were about 3,500 wells and that -- we know that, that has crept up and probably will continue to incrementally creep up towards the end of the year.
Timothy Probert: Kurt, this is Tim. Yes, I mean, we're very pleased with the performance of RapidFrac to date and it's really providing some significant improvements in sort of well-to-well times for us and our customers. And there's no doubt that it allows us to be more efficient in what we do and allows us to optimize the performance of our fleets. But that's not something that we see spreading to the industry in general. I think this is something that Halliburton intends to capture for ourselves. So I don't see it having a broad impact on the industry at large.
Timothy Probert: Yes, this is Tim. I think that, as Dave said on this call, I mean, as we outlined to all of you during our Analyst Day, we're very focused on some specific areas, one of them being an area we felt that historically that we had underserved as a company for a variety of reasons, and that one being deepwater . And I think that was driven by a number of factors, including the availability to provide our customers with some of the technology which they required, and we worked hard on that as you know. And so I think that we've been very pleased with our win rate. We have gotten ourselves to a position that I think we feel fairly comfortable with, with respect to deepwater. And I think for us now the focus is on execution to make sure that we execute well, and we're confident we'll do that. And I think secondly, as Dave mentioned, I mean, lots of rhetoric around pricing out there in the market, but I stand by what Dave said. For every contract that someone whines about, I think I can demonstrate at least 1 or 2 where the offers they may be true with another competitor. So I think that's just in the noise.
Timothy Probert: I think, as you know, Ole, we have taken a fairly aggressive stance in terms of building capital equipment to satisfy what has been a gating issue in North America for stimulation equipment. And hand in glove with that, we have developed what I think is an extremely robust supply chain strategy, which our North America operations have executed. And that included -- has included investing in our supply chain to make sure that our supply chain can support our requirements. And that includes their specific investments in terms of providing proppant and our specific investments in making sure that we can get it to the well site effectively, and that includes obviously sand plants, transportation, et cetera, et cetera. So I think that there are clearly shortages in North America today, and there are some disruptions that I think certain service providers have experienced. I think we feel very good about our supply system and I think that making that investment, hand in glove with our capital investment, has paid dividends for us in the last quarter or so.
Timothy Probert: Yes. This is Tim, Bill. I think it's sort of helpful when we talk about this to sort of go back and sort of take a look at what is the fundamental driver for our business, which is rig count. And if we look in the short term back just over the last quarter, quarter-on-quarter, both land and offshore rig count is down about 2%. So that kind of demonstrates the labored nature of the recovery. And when we take a look at sort of year-on-year, you start to see some other pictures. On land, obviously, we've got Libya which declines a whole bunch; Asia/Pacific, flat; middle East is up; and Latin America was up. So it stands to reason to us that when you start to think about where you might exercise some increased pricing power, it's going to be in those areas where you've got a trajectory change in rig count. That means Latin America and that primarily is restricted to Brazil, Venezuela, Colombia. But Brazil, as we all know, is a very tightly managed market, and the ability to move margins there is more restricted perhaps than in other areas. And then in the Middle East where we've seen, obviously, big declines in Yemen. Saudi, in fact, is down year-to-year on land at least. And we're seeing some sizable increases in Kuwait with a restoration of Egyptian activity. So in terms of just kind of giving you a sense and a feel for what has to happen, we have to see a trajectory change and it's only in those areas where we're going to see a movement in rig count, which is going to drive that. So we feel, to answer your last point, that yes, we're starting to see some stability in these certain markets, starting to see that trajectory change in the markets that I've discussed seem to be, to us, the most likely ones where we'll see some ability to move price.
Timothy Probert: Volume becomes a precursor to pricing change, and as Dave outlined, I think with a couple of good examples, of which we have many, the first opportunity that generally is in the area of scope change, where operators may feel the need to expand scope to achieve certain objectives. And so what you'll see is volume, which obviously helps drive margin, accompanied by scope change. And then the third block in the chain, if you like, is our real changes in price.
Timothy Probert: Well, I think that historically I would say that artificial lift has generally historically been considered to be a relatively stand-alone business. I think that, as you all know, whether it's on the well construction side, whether it's on the completion side or the stimulation side in general, the degree of integration which is either requested by customers or desirable from a service operator standpoint, is significant, and we continue to invest a significant amount in trying to improve efficiency and effectiveness. So I think as you look forward over the next 5 years or so, the degree of integration in all aspects of the completion, including artificial lift, intelligent wells, et cetera, will become a more important factor. As to how we plan to address that, Angie, I'm afraid that, that's something we prefer not to chat about.
Timothy Probert: I mean, we still -- Angie, this is Tim again. I mean, obviously, I have to go back to the basics, which is the rig count, and we have to see rig count and trajectory change to see the potential for pricing. And I think we've been pretty consistent in terms of our dialogue on a quarterly basis about the pace of the recovery and the fact that we have always felt that it's going to be somewhat sluggish. And that absent certain areas and deepwater that we've just discussed, I think we -- the jury is still out. I mean, look at some of these areas, the rig count changes just haven't happened yet, and I think we feel certainly more bullish as we look out. I would say that in general if we look at our quotation activity, it's coming through the system, we feel more positive about some of the areas you've just described. But it's going to require those rig activities to come through.
Mark McCollum: Dave, this is Mark. I think that probably the most marked difference in our strategy this time than last was, in the last cycle, we probably were more myopically focused on strictly increasing price to maximize margins. And I think this time around, what we're trying to do is to think more holistically about our position in the marketplace to develop a strategy where our pricing reflects value add to our customers, not only in the ability to integrate the products and services that we have so that it's -- so that our pricing model is lifting all of our product service lines, but also thinking about the returns that our customers are getting from the work that we're doing in each of the basins that they're working. Dave made a comment about our thinking about the dry gas basins in helping our customers there. And while I think that the difference in margins that we are receiving today have leveled out between those various basins, as we just think about that, we're covering our costs certainly and we're getting a little bit more pricing, but we're trying to add equipment on a customer-specific basis to address that they -- the work that they're presenting to us. We're trying to work with them in what I call a very symbiotic way to maximize their value, and I think that it's -- this type of environment is lifting all boats. So we're seeing margin increases. We're seeing, as we look out ahead, the number of customers coming forward with even more robust drilling programs, extending the relationships that we have with them not only through the end of this year, but the end of next year and beyond. And so at least from our view, there's still the ability to add capacity into this market. There's still a lot of work to be done. There's still a lot more value to add. And I think as a result, what we'll see is continued not only top line growth, but marginal growth as well.
Mark McCollum: Yes. But I think, again, we're trying to add price and making sure that we're covering our costs, but we're -- it's not all about just adding price for price sake.
Mark McCollum: Doug, this is Mark again. I think that the way we look at trying to reach that margins that we had at the end of last year is still the goal for us. That's what we're working toward. Obviously, it's going to be very, very dependent upon recovery of some of the markets that Dave spoke to, the overall general economic recovery and the overall pricing environment, but we're still working toward it. But it's going to be challenging, we know that. And it's going to get -- we need some help from the markets to get there.
Mark McCollum: Doug, I don't know that I have that on the top of my head. We'll have to just kind of think through it. But obviously, it's not a small increment. I mean, those are -- they're smaller markets, but they're widespread and -- but I think as you think about Africa, the Libya market, the Algeria, those are all the largest markets in Africa. They'll definitely continue to be a drag as long as the conflicts there and the political issues persist.
Mark McCollum: I don't know that I want to share exactly the incrementals -- Brad, this is Mark. But the Gulf of Mexico incrementals were much higher than the U.S. land incrementals during the quarter. But again, we're coming off a very, very low base. And so I wouldn't expect that, that will continue as activity levels out there. And of course, we highlighted the fact that we are somewhat concerned that the pace of permit approvals have been slowing down quite a bit, and if you -- most of these permits were for single wells. That work's underway. At some point here, those are going to start wrapping up and the question is, what's next? And so we need that pace to pick up if we want to continue to expand the Gulf of Mexico operations.
Mark McCollum: Ole, this is Mark. Let me add to Tim's comments. You saw obviously, we took a restructuring charge in the quarter related to some employee separation costs. It was primarily focused in the part of the world that Dave highlighted were places where we were struggling a bit with our costs. Then I think that sort of lends to what Tim said that we are beginning to focus on margins. We've also been highlighting on a quarterly basis over the last several quarters the initiatives that were underway to -- part of those initiatives are addressing our North American service platform and reducing costs there. But there's a big chunk of that that's also addressing our supply chain and our manufacturing and technology delivery in the Eastern Hemisphere as well, and the headline on those is that's all designed to make us much more cost-effective and reduce our cost platform, service delivery platform in the Eastern Hemisphere as well. So all of these taken together are designed to sort of focus in on the cost side. And, of course, now as we get these projects underway, we've got the ability to begin to pull through other services, to add incremental high-value technologies that should allow us to expand the top line just as well. So it's definitely -- it's time to -- and we're focused on margins.
Mark McCollum: And so we're pumping about 1.3 billion pounds of proppants a month today. The entire industry pumped about 3 billion pounds in 2000. So I mean, it's quite dramatically different and we're obviously working to make sure that we have the proppant in the right place, the right proppant in the right place at the right time. It's obviously a very big challenge for the industry.
Mark McCollum: Yes. I think that you've probably got it targeted right. I mean, I think that, that should continue. But as you rightly said, Canada does -- is not going to really replace what potentially were the incrementals in the Gulf and I think that's going to be a big factor in this. And I think that you have some level of seasonal recovery that happens in Q2 that we offset from Q1 that probably played an impact in the incrementals this quarter that won't repeat. So I think you're absolutely right. As you think about the capacity additions and where those gross margins come in, the fact that we will get a higher fixed cost absorption will probably make it a little bit higher than the average margins today.
Mark McCollum: Angie, this is Mark. I don't know that we want to give any information yet about that. We're going to be actually visiting with our board later this week to begin talking about our general views on the market. But maybe just closing and say it's fair to say, you heard our comments, it does not appear to us that this market is slowing down in any way. And so that may frame how the discussion goes. But I don't think at this point, we're in a position to say.
Mark McCollum: I was also going to add, it's also going to make a big difference on how our competitors behave because in some of those markets, there's still -- we're seeing our competitors continue to keep prices low.
Mark McCollum: We're even beginning to see some cases where our D&E product service lines are pulling through our frac work. It's actually turning the opposite way now. Yes, absolutely a strategy.
Mark McCollum: No, no. There's no general constraints. I think it's just the pace of how things work through the system. Typically, when you approve your budget, it takes a little while for things to get mobilized. We do expect our CapEx for the entire year to probably be a little bit higher than $3 billion. I'm sort of currently forecasting maybe $3.1 billion to $3.2 billion for the year and it'll just -- as we go through the year, things will accelerate just a bit. So yes, no real bottlenecks at all.
Mark McCollum: Obviously, there's some -- as we look across Latin America, there are small dollars that add up over the course of several ones. And there were some in Argentina related to personnel costs. They're somewhat unusual. I do not expect them to be a long-term added cost. It's just something that we had to deal with from an accounting standpoint. And then in Colombia as well, we had some unusual costs. There was -- we had some equipment problems due to -- had a loss there that we just had to take care of and clean up. And so my own view is that as we look forward, part of the confidence that I have that margins will improve is also that some of these costs will not repeat over the long term.
