Jeff Miller: Thanks Lance. To sum up our discussion today, our second quarter performance in a touch market demonstrates our organization’s ability to execute swiftly and aggressively, and we expect to complete our remaining cost actions in the third quarter. We have an excellent international business and it is ready to deliver margin expansion and higher free cash flow conversion in the next up cycle. The actions we have taken in North America, including our service delivery improvement strategy, we believe will enable us to have higher profitability and free cash flow even in a structurally lower environment.  We are moving full steam ahead with the deployment of digital technologies for our customers and internally, and finally Halliburton is charting a fundamentally different course. I believe the strategic actions we are taking today will further boost our earnings power and free cash flow generation ability as we power into and win the eventual recovery. Now let’s open it up for questions.
Jeff Miller: Yes, thanks James, and again when I look through the noise of the COVID disruption and industry consolidation and rationalization, clearly we do focus on what is that new course, and we are working on those things right now. I talked about a number of them in my commentary, but we are focused on doubling down on the technology that’s important, drilling, iCruise, EarthStar, Cerebro, digital, growing our lift in chemicals businesses, which I described in the commentary, and then feeding that technology into our fantastic international business, finally delivering on North America service delivery improvement strategy while at the same time demonstrating structurally lower capex built on capital efficiency in an organization that executes under any conditions. So yes, we are charting a different course.  Progress along digital, we’d talk about each quarter different things that we’re doing. We’re making terrific progress around Halliburton 4.0, feel very good about the kinds of contracts we’re signing today and the work that’s being done behind the scenes to continue to advance that, and obviously you saw some of our announcements with partners this quarter. 
Jeff Miller: Look, I’ve always said that digital has to evolve. It’s something that’s built out over time, and it’s done often with partners, so we’ve talked about our partners, but yes, there is appetite for it, absolutely. I think that--when I think about it in terms of reservoir drilling and production, those are the bites that can digested today, and so that’s why when we talk about progress and the things that we’re doing, we’re doing them in those sort of silos not because we view them long term as silos, but because that’s the way that they can be digested right now. 
Jeff Miller: Yes, thanks Angie. Look, I think we are positioned in the right markets, the strong markets. We’ve got the technology uptake that’s so important in those markets, and then what we’re doing around lower capital efficiency, or improving capital efficiency, plays straight into that. I expect that we will continue to see progress in those markets, and they will be stronger over time.
Jeff Miller: Yes, thank you. When I think about the type of equipment we’re building and actually using equipment more efficiently, lowering the cost of that equipment, those are all the kinds of things that we look at. Obviously we’re focused on improving returns, using our digital capabilities to eliminate costs. We’ve removed roughly 100 facilities, but we only removed 100 facilities by changing the way we work dramatically so that it just takes less capital, and that plays into everything from maintenance to where people work, etc. That’s sort of a North America view.  Now, those same skills and capabilities are applicable everywhere in the world, and so I expect us to continue to drive cost out of our business. That’s really--so when I talk about charting a different course, digital international strength and then a leaner organization that drives technology and efficiency, I think leaner and efficiency and the technology applications will be driving cost out all of the time, including internationally.
Jeff Miller: Let me just follow that up with--I mean, the way to look at things in my view is what’s that new course look like, and that new course looks like substantially lower costs, like a reset around costs, where we’re directing our energies towards digital being much sharper in North America around how we invest, what we do, and how we manage that cost structure, internationally continuing to protect and pour technology in that market, and then the structurally lower capex. That all comes from changing things that we’re doing, and so we are changing many businesses processes and just the way we view things, which ultimately drives substantially lower costs and resets margins and cash flow higher.
Jeff Miller: Yes, I think the fact is pricing never recovered internationally, and at this point we haven’t seen many tenders so we don’t have much of a view of that. But bottom line is there’s much less capital internationally - I mean, the excess capital just isn’t there maybe the way that it is in the U.S., so that’s probably getting sorted out in the U.S. as well.  Most of the dialog has been more around working on efficiencies, how to drive more efficient operations both for our customers and for us, and less so around pricing. It doesn’t mean that they don’t get asked about, but at the same time the only effective path forward is to drive better efficiency, utilization of technology, and that sort of thing internationally. I’d say that applies to NOCs and IOCs.
Jeff Miller: Yes, I understand, and I would say that certainly the first response is let’s look for ways to drive better efficiency, not address pricing, because most of these contracts that are in place today were lit arguably at the bottom international cycle, which was in 2016.
Jeff Miller: Yes, broadly I treat that the same as we do most of our M&A, in the sense that when we see opportunities to accelerate R&D or we see things that are important adds, we make them, and we’ve continued to do smaller transactions around our digital offerings, so we’re very thoughtful around the build versus buy approach, and that’s a lot of the valuation. We feel like we can, through partners and others, get into all of the things we need to do and deliver platform solutions, and so there’s not a big transformational thing that’s in our minds. More importantly in my view is continuing to advance the R&D around digital.
Jeff Miller: Yes, thanks Chase. Q2, I mean, the digital technology and the digital approach that we are taking is what enables the cost reductions that we are--a large part of the cost reductions that we’re seeing in Q2. I wouldn’t describe it as enough activity to actually drive the kind of incremental--I mean, it will drive terrific incrementals as we see any activity grow, but the ability--I’m going to stick with real estate rationalization just as a proxy for the kind of things that can be removed when we use the digital solutions that we have internally. For our customers, I think I described in my remarks at least one example around how digital solutions are driving much better performance, both for our customers and for ourselves, and so I think that we will continue to see that play a role.  Replicating digital at scale is very difficult. I mean, I think that will prove to be--I know what’s involved in it for us, and I know that we’re working with some of the very best partners in the industry, and it’s not--it takes a lot of work on our part and a lot of discipline around platform outcomes that are scalable and reliable all the time, so I think that I’m quite confident about where we’re going.
Jeff Miller: Yes, I think that the 5 to 6% versus the 10 to 11 is a longer term outlook that’s based on capital efficiency, just to how we build things and how we take them to market, how fast we move them around, all of the things that drive lower capital requirements. I believe those changes are largely permanent also.  When I think about how that plays out internationally, I think that same efficiency, a lot of the technology and tools that I described particularly around capital efficiency, whether it’s iCruise or Cerebro or some of those technologies, are inherently lower capital requirements when they’re being used. Obviously we went through a period of building that out over the last year, but operationally they operate at probably 20% less--you know, more efficient, better velocity. I think we have that to reap internationally over time.
Jeff Miller: I’ll only add one thing to that, because as we look at North America, if we just sort of assumed a flat level of production in ’21 and then we moved that forward into ‘22, we see all of the attrition and tightening that is happening. I think we were well on this path at the end of last year coming into this year, and we saw solid performance in Q1. We expect we get back to a market that’s probably size and shape, at least from the supply and demand of equipment standpoint, something that looks like Q1 2020 sometime further out, and the approach that we’re taking, I think will work very well for us.
Jeff Miller: Yes, I would expect so. I mean, again we have expectations that that business continues to improve also, and we were well on the way to doing that really up until we got into the pandemic situation and where we are today, but none of the fundamentals have changed around what we’re doing other than, I think, a sharper cost structure around these things. 
Jeff Miller: For completions, I think we’re off the bottom in May and I think you’ll see a little bit of an uptick in Q3 as DUCs get completed. Drilling, we think will be down a little bit, and I think that will be many of our customers managing decline rates into the end of the year. But you know, our view of the market is it stays with making returns and taking on the work that we believe we can execute well, so I think that’s what the overall market will do and I think we’ll be in around that.
Jeff Miller: I think that’s returns and cash flows. We spent a lot of time talking about free cash flow and returns, and that’s what we’re setting up for today. I think we get well through whatever this period of time is until we see commodity prices tighten. I think we do well through this near term, but then when we start to see tightening, we’re going to have the right cost structure that scales very efficiently with strong incrementals, and it delivers a lot of free cash flow and very, very good returns. That’s what winning the recovery looks like to me. 
Jeff Miller: I think we ought to get closer to that point before we start setting targets around that, but my expectations are that it’s a very strong performance by Halliburton. But it’s out there a ways.
Jeff Miller: Yes, look - I think it’s going to rest more around DUC activity as we go into the second half of the year, so on a relative basis, more pronounced Q3, less pronounced Q4 would be my impression. I think every customer is working their own strategy around what do they need to do as they go into 2021, which will be obviously a time where some stability needs to return to productive capacity and those sorts of things. So is it more modest in Q4? It may be, but my overall outlook is it will be relatively biased even if you just take into account holidays and all the sorts of things that happen in Q4, along with weather. This isn’t the kind of market where you power through terrible weather in an effort to try to get to some point, I don’t think, in Q4. 
Jeff Miller: No, I think what we see are some long lead time items that we do. We talked about projects being deferred but not necessarily cancelled, so we have to manage all of that together, so precisely where those things fall in the calendar is where they fall. I think what’s most important to think about around capital really is the overall efficiency that we’ve driven into both the tools, the process, the asset velocity which will structurally help us keep that at a much lower point than it has been in the past.
Jeff Miller: Thank you Liz. Before we wrap up today’s call, I’d like to leave you with a few closing comments. Our second quarter performance demonstrates Halliburton’s ability to execute swiftly and aggressively. The actions we have taken in North America we believe will enable higher profitability and free cash flow, even in a structurally lower environment. We have an excellent international business and are moving full steam ahead with the deployment of digital technologies, both for our customers and internally. Most importantly, Halliburton is charting a fundamentally different course. I believe the strategic actions we are taking today will meaningfully reset our earnings power and free cash flow ability as we power into and win the eventual recovery. I look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Liz, please close out the call.
Lance Loeffler: Yes, so let me address the first part of your question, which is, I think, the working capital unwind and the momentum in the second half of the year. Clearly we had a strong cash flow associated with the unwind in working capital in Q2. I suspect that that momentum continues into Q3 and Q4. It may not be as strong just because we had such--you know, with the revenue declines just in the course of Q2 and the unwind around receivables, and then offset by payables, it was good to see. The organization continues to be really efficient on how we continue to wring out the cash flow generated for working capital. It may not be as strong as the third quarter but I still expect momentum to--excuse me, the second quarter, but I still expect momentum from the unwind to continue to occur in Q3 and Q4. Can you repeat the second question? I think you were talking about administrative expenses, but again, Bill, it’s kind of hard to pick you up.
Lance Loeffler: No, we don’t, Bill. We’ve got--certainly we do have the NOLs associated--I mean, look, there’s always other ways that Halliburton continues to pay tax, cash taxes, but at the federal tax level we expect that we’ll have tax shields from NOLs.
Lance Loeffler: Yes, look - I think the changes that we’ve described, and based on the guidance we’ve given, I think this has been a--you know, the margins that we’ve reset today clearly have been helped by some of the accounting changes and the impairments that we’ve taken over the first part of the year. But look, it’s not to say that we haven’t done a significant amount of work around the cost cuts, which we believe are permanent. It goes across everything that we’re doing, whether it’s drilling, digital, production, frack in North America as Jeff has described, and so I think in terms of our margin progression, we’re going to continue to work that as hard as we can. We’ve still got some room to continue to improve on that cost cutting journey, as we described in our remarks, and I think it sets us up ultimately that when activity moves up, all of this is done with the expectation that we ultimately have stronger incrementals with these permanent cost cuts and changes. 
Lance Loeffler: Well, I think the implications with everything that we’ve described, Sean, on our prepared remarks will tell you that EBITDA is relatively flat, even though the top line is coming down. 
Lance Loeffler: Scott, I’ll talk to that. Look, I think as you look into the future and to what the recovery may look like in North America, and the picture that you painted around activity, I think this is going to continue to be a good business that delivers mid-teens margins and produce a heck of a lot of free cash flow. Given the things that we’ve talked about on this call today operationally and the way that we’re becoming sharper in North America with our service delivery improvement initiatives, on top of just structurally lower capex requirements to achieve that business, drives a really nice free cash flow profile, we believe.
