Jeffrey Miller: Thanks, Eric. Let me summarize our discussion today. 2023 was a great year for Halliburton. We generated about $2.3 billion of free cash flow and returned over 60% of free cash flow to shareholders through dividends and stock repurchases. We're committed to return over 50% of our free cash flow to shareholders in 2024. For our international business, we expect low double-digit growth driven by the power of our value proposition, global competitiveness across all product lines and our profitable growth strategy. In North America, we expect a continued strong business driven by stable activity, our differentiated technical position with our Zeus electric frac solution and the increasingly contracted nature of our business. And now let's open it up for questions.
Jeffrey Miller: Yes. Well, thanks, Dave. Look, e-fleets are accretive. They're accretive for a couple of reasons. Number one, highly efficient to operate from our standpoint. And so that makes them more accretive. Clearly, the are bringing a lot of value to clients, and therefore, they're priced and thought about differently in the marketplace. And so look, I expect that, that will continue into the future. But I think what's most important is the contracted nature of the fleets, which mean a couple of things also. Number one, that the pricing is sticky, but it's sticky because it's contracted over time and the value is thought about. And so sophisticated procurers can look at that and model that, and we can model it as well and comfortable with the value created. But I think the second thing, as we think about what types of customers look at e-fleets, these aren't a spot market solution. I mean the companies that are interested in e-fleets are those that have steady programs, work through cycles, have a clear vision of where their business needs to go and are willing to commit to the technology to deliver that over the long term. And so -- and really, it's an entire system. If we think about an electric fleet, it's -- obviously, it's an efficient, lowest-TCO electric solution, but it's also automated, which drives the level of precision around fracking that I've never seen before. And so the clients know that they're delivering what they expect to deliver, and then finally, the subsurface measurement. But I bring all of that up because that's part of what drives it being accretive: a, it creates a lot more value, therefore, is more accretive than a Tier 4 diesel fleet clearly; and then also a different set of conditions, which also changes the return profile of these assets as we go into the market. I hope that helps, Dave.
Jeffrey Miller: Well, look, I think it's more a function of the technology that we have and when we see -- we've developed some things around digital cores and the ability to evaluate them digitally, for example, but trying to buy our way into the entire core space. We'd rather partner with who we think the premier core analysis company is. And so we're able to bring our technology to that. And effectively, it's a complementary strategy where we make better returns doing the things that we've developed and know how to do. And obviously, we believe Core Labs is a fantastic company. And so we're able to bring something to that, that we believe creates more value rather than trying to enter into a different type of arrangement. You mentioned the other one was Oil State. Similar kind of thing, got terrific technology, but we don't know that we want to try to plow that much capital into the rest of their business. But we do know where we can generate outsized returns for Halliburton. Yes, I would throw in another similar type thing is subsea with TechniqueFMC, who -- I really believe TechnipFMC is the absolute premier subsea company in the world. And we work closely with them, developing joint IP, delivering on electric completions, all electric completions. And so there are a lot of things we're able to do where we can mine what I think is our core competency or competitive advantage along with others without trying to broaden our way into things that aren't really strategically fit. Hope that helps, Dave.
Jeffrey Miller: Yes. Look, if I'm thinking about production growth in '24, production is a function of service intensity. So simply put, more sand, more barrels. And we saw peak levels of service intensity throughout last -- really in the first half of last year, and a lot of that comes on in the latter half. And I think some of this is efficiency in the sense that we are delivering more sand to the reservoir. And that comes in a lot of forms. E-fleets are part of that and some of the technology that we brought to market. But I also think that the market that we see for next year, it's hard for me to forecast at this point exactly what operators will do because every operator plays their own game. But at the same time, I would probably be over on rigs because I think that we'll run out of DUCs at some point. I think I would take the under only production only because whatever you think it is, I'll take the under only because what we see are stable customers delivering to their plans. But what we don't see as a lot of the smaller companies coming into the market in an effort to really ramp up production. So I think from our perspective at Halliburton, very stable market. But from a production standpoint, as we watch it unfold, it will be a matter of how much incremental sand gets pumped to overcome what is clearly going to be a decline rate that comes with when we add barrels rapidly, obviously, they fall off rapidly.
Jeffrey Miller: Well, look, I mean we are working on tenders today for work all of next year and the following year. I mean when we talk with customers, I think about what's going to happen. Really, I don't think the North Sea and West Africa even really wake up until 2025. We've seen strong in those markets. However, the real growth we're working on planning today doesn't even start until '25. And all of these things are 3- and 4-year-type efforts. I mean these aren't individual wells in places like that. These are programs. And so we spent -- we're actually on contract with a client working on just the planning of logistics for '25-'26 and beyond. And so I've just got a lot of confidence in terms of what we see in hand, the tender pipeline and then the pipeline of work that we are planning with customers that may or may not even be tendered. It's just more a matter of it will be done. And we've got clarity on that in '25 and beyond.
Jeffrey Miller: Well, look, I think, number one, it's the value created by Zeus is what drives the contracting nature. A couple of things. When we started to develop Zeus, we started, like I said, quite a while back, our view was we want to maximize value to North America, number one. And in order to do that, we just had to -- we believe that the technology created enough value, so much value that we aren't going to build it unless it's demonstrated for customers. And I think the contracting nature of the longer-term contracts, 3-year-type contracts is because we let the market pull rather than trying to push thing into the market. It is that different and special. And as that system continues to develop and evolve, meaning automation, measurement, all of these things that drive really meaningful value, that is what's creating, I think, the different dialogue around Zeus with our customers because it will become more and more integral to how they create value as well. And then from an efficiency standpoint or like volume standpoint, our equipment is very efficient. So as we go from zipper frac to simo frac to, in this case, trial frac with the customer, that is not a one-to-one increase in horsepower requirements. So we become more efficient as those volumes go up. But that is also a unique feature, though, of Zeus and its ability to scale up, but it's not 1 one for one. And so from Halliburton perspective, we do create outsized value for Halliburton and also for our clients because we're using less equipment than we would had we gone at it in a traditional fashion. So I think that the combination of reliability but also automation, because it's -- as those fracs -- as fracs get larger, the precision gets more important. There are a whole lot of things that start to happen. And so very collaborative efforts with our clients to utilize that technology. In the case of a trial frac, really groundbreaking type work, super excited to do it with this customer.
Jeffrey Miller: Look, we've got very little gas exposure in our business. Today, the ones -- the exposure that we do have is contracted under -- is sort of the Zeus solution somewhat and then we've got, I guess, a little bit of other things. But look, the gas work that we have is not a significant part of our overall portfolio. And so we plan for what we can see. I think legitimately, there could be equal upside on gas as LNG comes on. But we haven't baked it into our outlook today. But I would say that's clearly one of the upsides to North America, maybe more so than a downside to North America.
Jeffrey Miller: Look, from our standpoint, our -- Roger, thank you. We won't create value for our customers. I think you have to create meaningful value for customers in order to be a long-term supplier and partner to a customer. So we start from that position. And as you said, solid contract for us over the very long term. We went into this focused on maximize value, which in our view, means maximize returns, which we're able to do under these types of environments. And so rather than play sort of the spot -- we don't intend to play the spot game. That spot game is kind of a -- it's a win-lose on either side of the market. Really, when the market is getting tight, probably operators are losing. When it's going the other direction, service companies lose a lot. And our strategy is to stay out of that. And so right contracts with customers that, in our view, are fair and deliver a lot of value both in terms of pumping value and also recovery value. And I think that we're uniquely positioned to do that. And so improving recovery per foot or production per foot is a long-term game, and we want to play that long-term game with customers that are working on that long-term game. And we're ecstatic about the customers we have and who we get to work with, try to solve what we think are the real pressing issues of the future in North America frac. And so we don't get to play that game. That game doesn't get played successfully if it's the frac is sure. We need to be part of that process, and our clients allow us to do that.
Jeffrey Miller: Look, I'm careful speaking for the entire industry. But I would say I have this, including Halliburton, very focused on running return -- businesses for strong returns over the long term, which is precisely what we all do. And I think that's good for our clients and it's good for us as well. And so that level of visibility is not inconsistent with companies planning a future around how to make money for shareholders. And that's what we're doing as well. And so I think it's a very good setup for the rest of this decade, quite frankly, just because, a, we know there's demand; b, we are able to -- our whole value proposition around is how we collaborate and engineer solutions to maximize asset value for our customers. And this type of setup allows us to do that. The other thing that happens, though, when we run a business for returns is we don't overinvest in the business. And so we've told you kind of where our CapEx will fall and level of growth that we're looking at. And so we're very thoughtful about the growth because we are keeping profitable international growth firmly in hand. And so I think assets are tight and they'll remain tight for those very reasons. It's very natural economic reasons for an industry that's running their businesses for return, which is clearly what we're doing. And then I think our level of CapEx, the way that structured drives that level of thoughtful investment and manages the contracts that we win indirectly. And it also maximizes returning cash to shareholders. So it's a very good environment in my view.
Jeffrey Miller: Yes. Thanks. And that is precisely what we set out to do, and that's what's playing out now. And so in terms of a consistent business that generates strong free cash flow through the cycle, and that's been our intent all along. With the way we bring Zeus fleets to market, the way we invest in North America broadly, we are very deliberate about how we maximize value over the long term in North America. And I think you saw that play out in the last 2 quarters as we've seen the market moving around. But nevertheless, steady drumbeat of execution and cash flow delivery by Halliburton. And I expect to continue that because that is precisely our strategy. And so when it comes to cash flow, our capital allocation of our capital budget, we're going to allocate it to those things where we see that opportunity, which we certainly see that with Zeus fleets. But remember, that's a demand pull, not a push strategy. So we don't build fleets until we have contracts for fleets. And so that's a different -- completely different environment than maybe we would have seen in prior cycles from Halliburton, anything else we do in North America. Like we've developed some very good, in my view, fit-for-purpose drilling technology for North America. But we're not going to overbuild it. We're selling it into the market as the market will take it. It's a lot of excitement about it, but our approach is still going to be consistent delivery of margins and free cash flow in North America. And so I think you'll see us continue to do that. And that means we put e-fleets in the market, we retire sort of the fleets that are at the bottom of the stack and continue that march forward.
Jeffrey Miller: Yes. Look, the outperformance is just the stability of the business as I described it. And so a big part of that is 40% of our fleet by the end '24 under long-term contracts. That creates a steady environment. So the rig count is going to move around and do what it does, but our largest part of our business, very stable. And the reality is the North America business is very big. We saw growth Gulf of Mexico and other offshore environments. However, a very large, stable North America business -- land business is going to mute some of that. And as we go into '25, I expect the same kind of performance out of our North America business sort of in spite of what rigs do. Now I do believe a repoint where DUCs are drawn down, they're largely drawn down. And I think that we'll see rig count increase only because it's supplying the inventory of DUCs required to run a very smooth, stable-type business. And I would say our customers largely plan their business around turning wells into production more than they do numbers of rigs in the air. And so I think there's a lot of planning that goes on to deliver a very stable business of completing wells. And so I think one of the reasons I would say I'd take the over on rig count, I don't think -- I won't try to forecast rig count at this point. But I do think there's upside in North America. We plan the business for what we can see, and we expect it to be stable. But that being said, I think there are obviously factors that could push that up. Like gas activity is clearly out there and I would pull the pace at which LNG plants come online, but we know that they will. Is it '24 event or a '25? I think we'll get to that point and see that Halliburton participates in that upside, and that could happen this year. But at this point, we're planning the business around returns.
Jeffrey Miller: Well, look, let's just leave it at steady and stable moving forward. I think that we've got a very strong international business as well that contributes, and I think that continues to grow and expand margins. But we're really pleased with where we are. But U.S. revenue and margins flattish through any cycle, I think, is where we wanted to get this business. Clearly, there's upside. And I do expect from a C&P standpoint, we're going to see the benefit of our market leadership positions in PE, cementing, baroid and other things that we do around the world. So I think that we're going to continue to participate in that meaningfully, particularly from a margin standpoint. But again, our key in North America is stability through cycles. And I think we're demonstrating -- I don't think, I know we're demonstrating that now.
Jeffrey Miller: Look, these are long-term deals that we go into knowing the cost of the asset and knowing what the return needs to be. So now it just becomes a bit of a math problem around duration. And so there are variable costs in the market that we don't control and we don't try to own. We just pass through to customers, whether it's sand cost and many other things. But for -- where we create competitive advantage for our equipment is we go into these long-term vehicles. We don't need price opener and all of that sort of jazz. There's no reason for it. We literally sit down and work through what is the return for client, return for Halliburton, and then we fix that and move forward. That doesn't change over time. And so -- well, the rest of the market, the spot-type market, all of that is going to do what it's going to do. But I think that's when we take a long view of the market in value creation, that's math that both clients and how can do. And I think that's what makes it so very different, our approach in North America. It's not particularly differentiated, if at all, in the spot market. And as a result, it's just kind of does what it does. It's on a free for all. But I would say, in the market where we want to play, which is technology-driven, lowest total cost of ownership and working on, I think, most important, which is productivity per foot. That's a different game. That's a long-term game.
Jeffrey Miller: Look, we think that Q1 is up from Q4. So there's activity that comes back to seasonal in Q4. As we look at the balance of the year, I think that there are -- as we plan the business for what we got visibility of and we can see our fleets are largely contracted for '24, that's what we know. Are there factors that may add to that? I think -- if you have to do that, I think if production levels are low, clients may speed up. There's a lot of variables that could happen that, I think, are to the positive. But nevertheless, as we look out to '24 and we plan a business that generates the kind of returns we expect to generate, that's what we see.
Jeffrey Miller: Yes. Thanks, Kurt. Look, I think software and automation, and I say it that way because software business is strong and focused on enterprise solutions, which will adopt all sort of AI and generative AI as we continue to move forward. And that will create efficiency and [indiscernible] in a lot of ways for our customers. Internally, as we adopt automation and AI into our tools and service delivery, I expect that it will have a meaningful impact. Probably over the next 2, 3 to 5 years, just as those things are adopted, it's going to reduce service costs, it's going to drive demanding. And it's also going to improve service quality, and I think will actually improve the capability of tools, which I think is so fundamental to how we generate long-term returns.
Jeffrey Miller: Well, look, that's one of our labs companies. We're excited to have them here. We make a very, very small investment in companies that join our labs, but it's very small. It's around $100,000. So it's -- we're a tiny piece of their Series B, which we're excited for them. But Hal Labs continues to attract, in my view, more quality investable companies over time. We're watching them enter Series As, and in some cases, Series B. And it's a journey. We're doing a lot different industries, but we're careful. This is clearly not corporate venture capital. We are not investing in the companies that join Hal Labs other than small 3% to 5% stake that we get from them generally for the services that we provide to them as a member of Halliburton Labs. So super excited about where that's going. But we just need to let that continue to progress on its own.
Jeffrey Miller: Yes. Thank you, Josh. Let me close the call with this: I'm excited about 2024. I mean our outlook for oilfield services is strong, and I expect Halliburton will generate significant free cash flow for shareholders in 2024. Look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Let's close out the call.
Eric Carre: Yes. Thanks, Roger. It's Eric. So think about it in a fairly similar way as what we did in 2023, except higher. So we increased the dividend 6%. We're now back to about 95% of where we were pre-COVID. In terms of buyback, we intend to continue buying back share. Our intention today is to buy back more share in dollar terms in 2024 than we did in 2023. At the same time, as we did also in 2023, we intend to continue to retire debt and continue to strengthen the balance sheet. So overall, fairly similar structure in '24 as what we did in '23 but kind of bump up everything a bit higher.
Eric Carre: Yes, Jim. So to your point, if you just look at Q1, obviously you get seasonal effect. So -- but more importantly, looking at the year-on-year and the general trend of the D&E margins. So first, I think it's worth noting, as Jeff mentioned in the script, that we had our best D&E margins in 15 years. So it means that a lot of the investment we have done in the last few years are paying off. So what to watch really is the general trajectory of margins in the business. And for us, it's a matter of balancing revenue growth, improvements in margin, improvements in returns as we continue to invest in the D&E business. So all of that to say that expect margins to continue to firm up as we get into '24. And we're expecting our margins to be materially higher in D&E in 2024 than they were in 2023. Now there might be some bumps along the road from 1 quarter to the next, et cetera. It's a business that typically tends to have a lot of moving parts. But directionally, margins will be higher in 2024 than they were in 2023.
Eric Carre: Yes, yes. I mean just starting with free cash flow, I think that you can expect 2024 free cash flow to be at least 10% over '23. So that is going to basically help us return -- increase returns on a dollar basis. Now in terms of the percentage, we're still guided by our overall 50% return to shareholder. But directionally, it would make sense to believe that we'll do at least what we did in 2023 in terms of the percentage return.
Eric Carre: No. I think what's important around free cash flow is, as I mentioned earlier, is we're expecting the free cash flow to be at least 10% over '23. That's going to be on the back of improved income. It's going to be on the back also of improved efficiencies around working capital. So we spend a lot of time working on improving DSOs, working on improving DIOs. And when I speak like this, I don't mean just pushing the organization, I mean implementing different initiatives. For example, I'll give you a couple of examples on DSO. We spend a lot of time on automating the invoicing process on integrated services. For example, invoicing on integrated service is extremely complicated. We have multiple product lines, multiple parts of our organization, customer organization, so it takes a lot of time. And to the extent that you can automate that and then remove -- reduce cycle time, then you improve DSO. We just rolled out 18 months ago a company-wide demand planning software, which when combined with the rollout of S/4 in the future is going to give us totally different capabilities to plan our business and reduce inventory while not increasing the risk from an operation perspective. So these are the things where we're spending a lot of our time to basically structurally improve the efficiency of working capital. So that's going to be the other component of why we're expecting our free cash flow to improve next year.
Eric Carre: No, there's nothing unusual. I think if you -- actually, if you were to go back and look at the Q1 '24 over Q4 '23 guidance that we just gave, it is very much in line with the typical Q4 to Q1 seasonality that we saw prior to COVID, so you go back to 2020, 2019, 2018. So what we're seeing here is really a business that's fully in line with historical trend. What's happening on the D&E side, the influence of software sales in Q4 typically is maintained in Q1. But we're having a lot of weather-related issues in the Eastern Hemisphere and the North Sea, et cetera, that is influencing our D&E margins. But again, very much in line in terms of quarter-on-quarter guidance as we have had historically in our business, nothing unusual.
