David J. Lesar: Okay, thanks, Tim. Let me just quickly summarize, and then we'll go to questions. We're very proud of the results that we delivered in the first quarter, with double-digit percentage growth in the first quarter of 2012 in all geographies in most product lines. In North America, the impact of inefficiencies from rigs moving from natural gas to oily basins to pricing pressure and cost inflation will impact our profitability in 2012. We plan to mitigate these impacts through continued focus on execution, efficient supply chain management and cost recovery from our customers. We remain very optimistic about our Latin America business and believe recent operational success and contract wins position us well for the future. And we continue to be optimistic about Eastern Hemisphere, where we expect our margins will continue to improve throughout the remainder of 2012.  So let's open it up for questions.
David J. Lesar: Yes, Jim, this is Dave. Let me answer that one. And the answer is in those oily based areas, the answer is no. In fact, we have gone generally back in because of guar prices or proppant prices to get price increases. But we -- for the most part, we wrote those contracts to be pretty tight. So I suspect that the pressure will come when they start to roll over, and we've got to look at what we can do. But again, we're selling efficiency, we're selling lowest unit cost because of the efficiency. And I think we are having a different kind of conversation with those customers than maybe some of our competitors would have to have.
David J. Lesar: You know what, Jim, there's hardly anybody left in the Haynesville but Halliburton. So you can read into that comment what you will.
David J. Lesar: No, I think that we -- are we rolling pricing back on existing contracts? The answer is no, the contracts that have term left on them. Those that are coming up for tender, we are having discussions about where the market pricing for long-term types of contracts are. We are not going to spot market by any stretch of the imagination.
David J. Lesar: No. I think as we said in the prepared remarks, any large tenders, deepwater-related that have a big formation evaluation component to them are extraordinarily competitive for a couple of reasons. One, they tend to be big dollars and they tend to be of long duration. And so they are being fiercely fought over. And I guess, I would make an editorial comment that all of the big players are equally competitive in their pricing. But as Tim indicated, I think we're winning more than our fair share of them, which is a strategy we put in front of our shareholders in our Analyst Day a couple of years ago. That was a key part of our strategy. I think it's paying off in places like East Africa, where we did have to make infrastructure and mobilization investments. But if you look at the margins we're making there today, I'm very happy with them. And I expect that, that will continue to play out as we get these projects up and going. So bottom line is I'm very happy with our market penetration in FE and in deepwater and in places where we have not operated before. And we will continue that strategy.
David J. Lesar: Yes, I think -- this is Dave again. Again, go back to what we said. We are primarily a 24/7 operation, view our frac position in the U.S. as being more one akin to a manufacturing operation. And absent the dislocation of crews, which obviously have an impact on uptime and downtime, we don't move a crew unless we know where it's going, we know what customer it's working for and we know the price that it's going to work at. So we don't incur a cost to basically pick them up and move them somewhere without knowing what the financial impact is going to be. I would say that, that's not true with a lot of our competition who are being chased out of some of these basins, like the Haynesville, and those crews are going basically looking around for work. And that's why the transactional market pricing is so disruptive today. But as we said, that's not a market that we generally play in. So when we say we're moving a fleet, it's not going looking for work. It knows where it's going, knows who it's working for and knows the price that it's going to work at.
David J. Lesar: It's just starting to go there. And that's actually a great question because typically the Permian Basin has not been a market where the operators saw the need to have 24-hour operations. But we have actually gone to 24-hour operations with some of the bigger players out there and have demonstrated to them the efficiency of it. Now that's caused some disruption within the operators because they've had to change their work practices, their completion practices. But as it's gotten more competitive out there, they've seen the benefits of it. But even in a market that's traditionally not 24 hours, it's starting to basically embrace it.
David J. Lesar: Yes. I think, certainly on guar, we've not reached that point. And yes, we clearly are able to, on things like guar, with some lag, get that cost passed through to our customer. The problem with guar, it's probably the fastest-moving commodity price that I've ever seen. I mean, basically, we might give a quote today that's 10% higher than a quote we would've got last week on it. So it is such a dynamic that we don't like to and don't want to go back to our customers multiple times to get price increases. So we try to get it stabilized within a certain area then go back to the customer and basically put it through as a pass-through item. But that is the one, because of the scarcity at this moment in time -- and we do believe that it's actually a bit of a spot price scarcity due to sort of the growing season for guar, which is primarily grown in India, and when the new crop will become available which should be in the fall, and then we see maybe see some of the scarcity going away. And also obviously, we, like the rest of industry, are looking for alternatives to guar, and we are having some customers accept either lower-grade guar or alternatives to guar that, while maybe not getting the well response they want, at least they are getting something at a cheaper price.
Timothy J. Probert: Well, Dave, this is Tim. We're still 80% to 85% long-term contracts. And so our exposure to the spot market is really quite limited. And clearly, there is, as Dave pointed out, a more aggressive stance in those spot markets, but it's one which frankly we're just not exposed to that much.
Timothy J. Probert: Yes, James, this is Tim. I think just really following on from one of the remarks that Mark just made now that the shift of capital to the international markets, I think that's, if you like, a proof point really. If there was significant excess capacity, then we wouldn't be needing to move assets to the international market. So no, I would say that our general view is that, obviously, market-to-market, it's going to be slightly different. But in general terms, no, there's not a significant overhang of assets in the international markets today.
Timothy J. Probert: This is Tim again. Obviously, we selected deepwater as an important growth market for us in which to invest because of the significant above-market growth rate of the segment itself. And then we set ourselves a target of growing at above the market growth rate ourselves as a company. So I think point number one is the market is really unfolding as we hoped it would. It's going to be a very strong growth segment. Secondly, we're very pleased with our positioning. And I think we're able to support our thesis that we're growing at a faster-than-market rate.
Timothy J. Probert: Yes, I think we continue to be very encouraged. I think that we've always said that the best thing is for us to have interest in multiple markets because not all markets will be successful. We know that. But having a position in all major markets around the globe allows us to make sure that we're going to participate in those markets that are successful. We continue to feel very good about shales. I think that the truth is, though, to your question, we're probably shifting our emphasis a little bit. Argentina doesn't feel as positive as it probably was 6 months ago. But Saudi Arabia feels a lot more positive than it was 6 months ago. So I think we're starting to see, if you like, the 3 key factors of shales, the combination of the geology, the infrastructure and the pricing and regulatory environment sort of start to come to the fore. And those that have all 3 in the right measure will be the ones that'll move forward the fastest.
Timothy J. Probert: Well, certainly, Australia is looking strongly positive. China's looking extremely positive. And I wouldn't count Poland out yet. I mean, there's a relatively small number of wells, primarily vertical wells, I would call the sort of the frac process there to be very modest in terms of trying to establish what potential productivity would be. So I think we still have a long way to go yet in that particular market.
Timothy J. Probert: Yes. I think also, Bill, the fact of the matter is, is that guar substitutes become attractive at a certain guar price. We're at that price right now. So guar substitutes, whether or not that's Halliburton's CleanStim technology, for example, which is certainly a substitute which has been used effectively in a number of basins, including the Eagle Ford, or other substitutes, will become effective and will essentially create some sort of ceiling on the price of guar.
Timothy J. Probert: Yes, I think a couple of points there, Bill. I think number one, I mean, clearly, the industry has a history of responding to the need. I don't particularly see that as being a primary concern. And so I think that if you take a look at where we are today as we outlined, what we're planning on is a modest single-digit increase in activity through the year. Now that's the basis for the guidance that we provided. And clearly, there is a scenario where we have a significantly increased volume of activity in oil-based plays. If that takes place, then clearly, we have a much more robust outlook than we currently have. But we provided you a scenario based on our best guess, which is [indiscernible].
Timothy J. Probert: So there are a number of elements to Frac of the Future, all aimed at a variety of elements around reduced personnel, reduced capital deployment, et cetera, and improved efficiency. Probably the largest single element of that is the rollout of our Q10 pump, which is now rolling off the line. And we will make that together with our new blending and storage capacities. And we have a deployment plan which will give us the ability to compare very effectively between existing fleets and our new Frac of the Future fleets, so we can get a real good handle on both capital deployment and people deployment. We'll see those roll out during the course of this year, Bill. And towards the end of this year, we'll have a very -- start to see an impact in key basins, where they're deployed.
Timothy J. Probert: This is Tim. I would say that one of the things that we have collectively been disappointed with is essentially the growth of rig count and growth of activity during the course of the last 12 months. Year-on-year, we're only up about 2% in terms of rig count. So I would say the biggest single risk probably is more around ensuring -- well, I said not that we can ensure it, but it's more around the continued expected progression of rig count through the balance of the year than any other factor. It looks good right now, but we have been disappointed before by the amount of growth.
Timothy J. Probert: I think a little too early to say right now. We can provide some additional guidance on the next call.
Mark A. McCollum: And let me also -- Dave, this is Mark. I'd also add, it definitely varies by basin in terms of the, we're still signing up term contracts. We have customers in certain of the liquids basins that are only re-signing up for term contracts, they're extending the contracts that they have and they're still continuing to be at fairly good prices.
Mark A. McCollum: Well, let me take the questions in order. I think with regard to CapEx, I still feel very confident that we're going to spend in that range of $3.5 billion to $4 billion. What I was trying to reiterate, that even though we may slowing down some of the equipment deliveries in North America, there's still quite a bit infrastructure that we're building out related to our facilities, the transloading facilities for sand and other activities here in the U.S., as well as we are winning quite a bit of international tenders that are requiring incremental capital to what we had built into our original plan. And so there is a shift of CapEx fairly immediately for mobilization into some additional international work that we're pretty excited about. So in total, I don't see a big shift and it's difficult for me to see, based on the outlook right now, that we would step down meaningfully from the CapEx number. Now towards your second question. We accrued something on Macondo. It's one of those that based on our evaluation of events that had transpired through the course of the quarter, we felt the need to do that under U.S. GAAP. However, I would say that we're a long way from having Macondo behind us. I mean, right now, we are still in litigation mode. There's still a fairly uncertain calendar as to when events around Macondo will take place. And so until such time as Macondo is dealt with in its entirety, I think it's going to be difficult for us to strategize on what other kind of corporate initiatives we might do with regard to any excess cash that we might have.
Mark A. McCollum: Well, to the first question that you ask, I think based on what we can see today, yes, that low 20s feels like that, that's a bottom. But again, as I mentioned, there's still a lot of movement out there. It's a very dynamic market, and so we'll continue to try to adjust as we see. I think towards your second question, our comments last quarter about normalizing in the mid-20s, related really to our outlook for the year of 2012. It's difficult at this juncture, given the dramatic decrease in the gas rig count and the current outlook for gas, to say that we would normalize at that point there. I mean, that's – so I am -- we're kind of coming off of that earlier guidance, at least with regard to 2012. I'm not going to try to crystal-ball where we see things going in 2013. But I do think structurally, in our business, when you look long term, through the cycles themselves, that mid-20s range is essentially where our business tends to operate. And we are driving initiatives inside the company to reduce our cost structure in a way that can give us a fighting chance even if the market begins to flatten out toward the end of the year that we can find our way back to those mid-20s range if we execute well against our cost initiatives.
Mark A. McCollum: No, absolutely, Scott. We -- not only -- there's some infrastructure capital that we're deploying there. We're focused on the extension of the Bakken into Southern Canada there and building out there but also helping in our infrastructure around sand logistics and things like that. We tend to view Canada -- I mean, even though it's a separate country, we tend to view capital deployed for rolling stock and things like that as a bit fungible between the U.S. and Canada. And so during breakup, oftentimes we'll move things back and forth to make sure that we maintain very high efficiency levels for those crews.
Mark A. McCollum: I was also going to say at the back-office initiatives, the mobility plans are all designed to roll out late Q2 and Q3, which really means that you're going to see the meaningful part of the impact in 2013.
Mark A. McCollum: Yes, Bill, that's still the target. Part of that will be achieved through the rollout of these new pumps and the blending units and other things that allow us to do less maintenance out on location. The other thing will also be the mobility plan helps us in achieving more of our remote operations initiative, which again will be later in 2013. But in particular areas such as the gas basins, our guys are very focused on leaning out those crews as we speak as the work provides for it. Other places, we're still scrambling as you might imagine, and it's all hands on deck.
Mark A. McCollum: Well, clearly, there'll be seasonal recovery. You have to recall that the weather in Northern Europe on the North Sea was incredibly bad this year, probably worse than it's been in a long time, the exact total opposite from what we experienced in North America. So I think that the seasonal impacts were larger than we had seen in some prior years, which probably is part of what you've seen and maybe missing your potential -- your particular expectation. But I think in that regard then, we should see a better seasonal recovery from some of those areas as we go into Q2 and Q3.
