Eric Carre: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning. Our Q1 reported net income per diluted share was $0.68. Adjusted net income per diluted share was $0.76. Total company revenue for the first quarter of 2024 was $5.8 billion. Operating income was $987 million. And operating margin was 17%; flat compared to Q1 2023. Beginning with our Completion and Production division; revenue in Q1 was $3.4 billion, down slightly from Q1 2023. Operating income was $688 million, up 3% when compared to Q1 2023. And operating income margin was 20%. Compared to Q1 of last year, these results were primarily driven by reduced pressure pumping services in U.S. land. Partially offset by higher activity in international markets. In our Drilling and Evaluation division, revenue in Q1 was $2.4 billion, an increase of 7% compared to Q1 2023. Operating income was $398 million, up 8%, and operating margin was 16%, an increase of 10 basis points over Q1 last year. These results were primarily driven by higher drilling-related services in the Middle East and North America as well as improvements across multiple product lines in Latin America. Now let's move on to geographic results. Our Q1 international revenue increased 12% year over year. Europe/Africa revenue in the first quarter of 2024 was $729 million, an increase of 10% year over year. This increase was primarily driven by higher completion tool sales in the region and fluid services in Norway and the Caspian area. Middle East/Asia revenue in the first quarter of 2024 was $1.4 million, an increase of 6% year over year. This increase was primarily related to improved activity in multiple product service lines in Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, and Oman. Latin America revenue in the first quarter of 2024 was $1.1 billion, an increase of 21% year over year. This improvement was primarily related to higher drilling-related services and increased software sales in Mexico, improved pressure pumping service and fluid services in Argentina, and increased activity in multi-product service lines in Brazil and Ecuador. In North America, revenue was $2.5 billion, representing an 8% decrease year over year, but a 5% increase from the last quarter. This year-over-year decline was primarily driven by lower pressure pumping services in U.S. land as well as lower wireline activity. Moving on to other items, in Q1, our corporate and other expense was $65 million. For the second quarter of 2024, we expect our corporate expenses to be approximately flat. Our SAP deployment remains on budget and is on schedule to conclude in 2025. In Q1, we spent $34 million, or about $0.04 per diluted share, on SAP S4 migration, which is included in our results. For the second quarter, we expect SAP expenses to be approximately flat. Net interest expense for the quarter was $92 million. For the second quarter 2024, we expect net interest expense to be roughly flat. Other net expense for Q1 was $108 million, higher than expected, primarily due to impairment of an investment in Argentina and currency devaluation in Egypt. For the second quarter 2024, we expect this expense to be approximately $35 million. Our adjusted effective tax rate for Q1 was 21.5%. Based on our anticipated geographic earnings mix, we expect our second quarter 2024 effective tax rate to increase approximately 75 basis points. Capital expenditures for Q1 were $330 million. For the full year of 2024, we expect capital expenditures to remain approximately 6% of revenue. Our Q1 cash flow from operations was $487 million, and free cash flow was $206 million. During the quarter, we repurchased $250 million of our common stock. For the full year 2024, we expect free cash flow to be at least 10% higher than 2023. Now let me provide you with some comments on our expectations for the second quarter. In our Completion and Production division, we anticipate sequential revenue to be up 2% to 4% and margins to increase by 25 to 75 basis points. In our drilling and evaluation division, we expect sequential revenue to increase 1% to 3% and margins to increase by 25 to 75 basis points. I will now turn the call back to Jeff.
Eric Carre: Yes, Neil, it's Eric. So, the baseline that we use is the framework that we announced several quarters ago to return a minimum of 50% of free cash flow to shareholders. We actually returned over that at just about 60% in 2023. So, when we look at the improvements in free cash flow year-over-year, which we mentioned to be about 10%. So, when we think through that, we think that the $250 million of buyback is a good base load for us to be repurchasing shares. So, expect more buybacks in dollars, expect more overall returns to shareholder dollar-wise, and then, we see where the overall percentage lands, but it should be pretty close to what we did last year. Yes.
Eric Carre: I think Doug, it's Eric here, that the typical drop in margin in Q2 happens with the reduction in our software business. The way we recognize revenue in our software business means that it's essentially taken in Q4 and in Q1, so we see a bit of a drop there. You see that being more muted this year because, as Jeff mentioned, the D&E margins were softer than we were expecting in Q1, as we had much more significant weather issues in the North Sea in Norway, in Alaska, and then the flooding over in Indonesia. So, the combination of the muted effect and the more traditional software impact moving from Q1 to Q2 results in margins going up here.
Jeffrey Miller: Thanks, Eric. Let me summarize our discussion today. Halliburton delivered solid first quarter results. I am confident in the strength and duration of this up cycle. We expect our North America business to deliver flattish revenues and margins year-on-year despite lower activity levels. We also expect our international business revenue to grow at low double digits year-on-year. I'm excited about the outlook for Halliburton and expect Halliburton to deliver strong free cash flow and shareholder returns. And now let's open it up for questions.
Jeffrey Miller: Yes. Thank you, Dave. Look, the most important point is this is a comprehensive platform. ZEUS is a platform. Clearly, it's electric. Yes, it drives efficiency, but the embedded automation actually really changes the dynamics of how it performs. And then, also the subsurface measurements with Sensory that are embedded in this system, and uniquely embedded. And so, that widens the moat. And I think equally important is being at scale. So, it's one thing to do a research project around a thing, but when we're working at scale, these are solutions that can be pushed to the platform at any point in time. So, it's really the ability to grow the moat on existing equipment as well as any new turns on the science as it goes forward. So, I'm super excited about it. Yes, obviously lowest TCO, but it's the technology differentiation as well that widens the moat.
Jeffrey Miller: Thank you, David. And I'm really excited about it. And there's a lot of opportunity for Halliburton around unconventionals, as you know. How we address it, we've got a lot of ways to address it, including some of the technology we've talked about today. We've got a good position in there, but I think with even more opportunity to grow, particularly with drilling technology that continues to advance. You mentioned mud, but also other aspects of that where we'll be very competitive. So, I think that's a big move forward. And I think more broadly, so good for Halliburton, but I think that more broadly, just the discussion around unconventionals internationally, what can you see today are two markets, at least outside the U.S., that are truly at scale. And I think that serves as a bit of a template for how that can be done, because it was really unclear a decade ago, as you recall. But I think we're in a different place with unconventionals today. And so, we do hear more discussion around, hey, this is possible, and how Halliburton would play a more meaningful role in that in additional markets, so super encouraged.
Jeffrey Miller: Look, Neil, no change to our strategy. You're correct. We like bolt-on M&A technology acquisitions. We think about M&A in terms really of research and development. Is it something that advances research? Does it move it more quickly so that we get to market more quickly? But we see significant organic growth in the businesses that we're in. And so, we like where we are and we see plenty of growth. And we also, I believe that organic growth generates more value for shareholders. And we've seen that with other things that we've done in the past in terms of small acquisitions that we're able to then grow and push through our channel. But we like the space where we compete and we like the technology and how we develop that. And so, you shouldn't expect any change from Halliburton.
Jeffrey Miller: Yes. Well, I want to answer the second part of that first in terms of organically. Yes. So, we don't see a change to our strategy or approach to markets. So, yes, we do see quite a bit of organic growth for us in the OpEx part of the market. We're in that business today. We've got strong, I mean, strong lift business today. We're in the chemicals business today. And we're in the intervention business today in a pretty big way. And we continue to develop technology similar to as we've done in the past. And so, it's my outlook for OpEx cycle. We've got plenty of exposure to that and have had. Now, I want to be careful and say the D&C cycle is very strong and continues to grow. And I suspect that it continues to grow also. So, I think we're well balanced across really all elements of this, whether it's exploration, development, drilling, and OpEx today. Some of the things we've done in the past, again, we bought smaller businesses that we've grown into bigger businesses. And so, again, a strategy that works for us and it delivers the organic growth that we believe is really good for our shareholders.
Jeffrey Miller: Well, I think the first part of that in terms of Saudi growth, '24 is still growing, by the way. We expect growth in Saudi in '24. And the rebalancing, the gas and unconventionals is very good for Halliburton. We've got a very strong onshore business in Saudi Arabia. We participate in all aspects of that market. And that market remains tight for equipment. So, I feel good about that market. And I'm very confident in the long-term growth of that market. The rebalancing again to gas is, we're meaningful players in that part of the market and expect that will only be good for Halliburton. Pivot to growth, look, a couple of things. Number one, international business grew 12% overall. So, I want to start there. Clearly, I'd expect more growth in the region, but here's what we're doing. I want to be really clear that profitable growth has been our primary focus. We see a good pipeline of opportunities. We expect to continue to see growth in MENA. But at the same time, we want to make certain we're building a foundation shipment for growth. That means that we are delivering the technology, we're making the investment while expanding margins and growing, and that's been sort of our mantra, our strategy is profitable international growth. And that's what we saw this quarter.
Jeffrey Miller: Yes, thanks. Look, I think the growth is broad based, but the technology matters. It's not necessarily new products. It's actually an expanding market. A couple of things are happening at one time, yes, activity is growing, but we're participating in a larger share of that growth than maybe in the past based on some of the technology I described. So, we're competing differently technically, and so we get a bigger part of that growth. We've added some new things, yes, like Lift internationally, that's a new product for growth, a new product that's a whole business, but it's growth end markets, and we're really pleased with the progress that that's making. And then, obviously, pricing in the tight market internationally helps us well because that's helping growth all around. But I would not overlook the importance of the improvement in drilling technology, particularly just because it's more access to a larger market and at a much better rate of return for us given the improvement over legacy technology. The capital efficiency of the new technology is probably is right about 40% more capital efficient than the legacy tools. So, getting sort of improvement along several dimensions there, growing market, bigger share, better pricing and better capital efficiency.
Jeffrey Miller: Yes, look thanks. I think that's the next big leg of growth in North America. It's a question of timing, but it is no question going to drive a lot of growth in North America. And I expect it will drive market growth '25 and beyond. And I think what's overlooked, look through the current timing and look forward to what's coming, attrition has really shrunk the fleet. The fleet for the market is shrinking to meet the demand that is there today and that happens every day. Equipment is not being built, new equipment. So, when we get to that point in time, it will be an incredibly tight market. And so, I'm actually quite excited and confident about what gas means to the North America market. Just saying, yes, the leading indicators of that will be well construction, it will be offtake contracts for LNG. There will be a number of things that sort of happen, but it will happen just given the capital has been invested on the export side. There's no question that the gas will be developed to meet that.
Jeffrey Miller: Look, I think the surprise will be West Africa and North Sea in terms of '25 and beyond. I think really we're planning work now. There are great opportunities today that are being planned by clients with the full expectation that we see a meaningful step up as we go into '25 and beyond. And these are all long-term type projects that will extend into the end of the decade. So, but I do think that's where we'll see a lot of activity.
Jeffrey Miller: Yes. Look, James, do we see some pressure? Yes. But does that affect our strategy? Absolutely not. We've got a strategy with maximized value in North America. 40% of our equipment is contracted under long-term contracts, and we're not terribly exposed where we do see that pressure. And I think maybe more answer than you want, but I think it's important that we keep central as our strategy is delivering unique technologies that create real value for customers. And so, that's what lowest TCO looks like and that's why we're also work solving for recovery with ZEUS platform and Sensory. We think those two things alone create significant value for customers and so we keep that central.
Jeffrey Miller: I think gas is a critical fuel. And look, yes, I think we mentioned in the prepared remarks that the growth in demand for gas or gas and electricity and that being the most effective way to deliver power certainly today in the most reliable. So, I think that this is almost becoming, it's one of those things that you don't see it until it's on top of you. And I think that right now that demand is on top of us. And so, I think that can only be additive to demand. I have no question that will be additive. And clearly, AI consumes more power than traditional data centers. So, I think all of that combined, there's almost it's not almost, it is a secular trend towards demanding more power and that can only be good for our industry and for Halliburton.
Jeffrey Miller: Look, Latin America performed very well. It's broad based growth in Latin America. So, really it's several geographies and types of markets, whether Argentina, Mexico, Caribbean, Ecuador. So, we saw strong growth all over. And important to say, our team in Latin America is doing an exceptional job. I'm very appreciative and pleased with the work that team does. And I think it also demonstrates how oil and gas is critical to economies. Those are economies that require oil and gas. They view oil and gas as critical to both security and economic growth, things that are important in Latin America. And so, I expect there's more to come.
Jeffrey Miller: Yes. Look, I like the trajectory that we're seeing in D&E. And I say that because we're growing the business, but we're growing the business at a pace that's profitable and building the kind of foundation that we can use the technology in markets where we know we've got solid growth and profitability and then be able to reach out from there. But clearly, it is a balance of growing margins while opening for example, new businesses. So, we've opened a few new markets while growing profitably. And I think that's sort of the foundational part of our D&E trajectory. So, I expect to continue to see it aspirationally, continue to expect it to go up and expand quarter-over-quarter, year-on-year. And in the first quarter, we actually saw flooding in some markets. We saw weather in some others, maybe more than we would have expected. Though I expect that we continue on the trajectory in spite of all of the things that sort of come along and businesses that are open. So, should expect to continue to see that moving up.
Jeffrey Miller: Look, it's performing very well and the uptake has been strong. And so, it is different technology than what we've ever had in the past. It's designed for this market. It's built on the iCruise platform. So, how it gets to market is really customer driven and there's been just more uptake on the technology self. Yes, it's all organic. In terms of it, we developed the technology ourselves. We've worked on it for some time. We built a platform that has been very effective internationally and now we've gotten to the North America part of it. So, it's early days, but stay tuned. I mean, we're really pleased with the advancement that it's making, but it's really customers will drive the uptake for that. So, the increase in footage drilled is indicative of customers gaining confidence in the performance of that technology, particularly in the curved lateral.
Jeffrey Miller: Look, I think, I'll revert back to strategically we like to grow things organically. We own the kernel of a business there. We continue to make progress. We've got the plant. The capacity is filling up in the Middle East. So, the trade-off is speed, but I think also the trade-off from our perspective anyway has been, we know how to do this and we believe it generates a lot of value for our shareholders when we go about it this way. And so, we're going to continue to grow our chemicals business around the world on the back of some assets that we built ourselves. And so, I'm pleased, I think there's opportunities for organic growth in chemicals, organic growth, and strong growth in intervention, a whole lot of different areas.
Jeffrey Miller: Look, I don't comment on competitors, but from a strategic perspective we haven't changed. What we're doing and I like where we are. A big part of our fleet is contracted today. We focus on delivering top-notch efficiency, sort of record-setting efficiency, and also lowest ECO. And so, that's where our primary focus is, and we plan to stay with that.
Jeffrey Miller: Look, in terms of growth, I think the margin growth I expect will continue. I mean, I think that we talked about expanding margins and D&E and also C&P is continuing to grow. And I think we're solid. We're in a number of very good businesses around C&P.
Jeffrey Miller: Yes. So, that's pretty broad-based. I mean, and so for C&P that's completion tools around the world. It's production enhancement around the world. So, in a very strong position, and we see a number of things growing, not the least of which would be lift, for example, and some things like that. So, I had heavy lift, I don't see it as a -- I see it as a very middle of the fairway, very doable from where we sit today. And again, equipment's tight. I think that we'll continue to see strengthening there as well, expanding margins in price.
Jeffrey Miller: Yes, thanks. Look, some of its work that will begin in '25 that is planned to go through the end of the decade. So, I feel very confident about that. Others are work that we're working on planning with clients that again are the types of projects that extend that far. I think just the price of the commodity and the tightness and the rising demand for oil and gas gives me confidence and it gives our clients confidence. And clearly, we've seen a bit of a return to oil and gas and its importance in a lot of places, but the type of work that we're starting, the type of offshore work that we're starting is takes time to get started and it takes a long time to do, and so, very confident about that broadly. And I would include, anyway, the outlook for North America is similar in terms of duration. I mean, this is the kind of investments that we've seen in North America that are not for a quarter or two. These are decade-long investments that we've seen happen. And the next leg on gas and the demand for gas, it's already been talked about on this call. I feel very confident in the resilience of this cycle.
Jeffrey Miller: Look, I think it's a combination of those. Some of it is certainly tightness in the market and pricing, but at the same time we've talked about our R&D investment over the last eight years has all been directed at better capital efficiency, and that drives margin also. That drives margins in our drilling business, it drives margin in our frac business. But these are deliberate choices that we've made to drive down or to improve capital efficiency and return. And I think that's evident, probably most evident in our drilling technology and our ZEUS technology. But at the same time, that's been a practice in all of our business. And so, anything that we're producing today, sort of its first criteria has to be improved capital efficiency and better returns out of R&D. And so, I'm really pleased with the success we've had there. And so, I would say all are contributing today, in addition to having sort of more market access, more opportunity to compete on the back of improved technology.
Jeffrey Miller: Look, I think that's, again, I'm back to the foundation building that I described. So, we've got a better foundation, broader-based work, and so I expect to continue to see expansion, certainly year-over-year. And then, also as that foundation gets stronger, that gives us more ability to grow the business profitably, but from a sound base.
Jeffrey Miller: No. Look, this is a market push. The whole strategy behind e-fleet for us has been build the best technologies and clients demand it, and we've built to the demand that we see in hand, and therefore, they are not built on spec, they are built for customers that plan to use them. And we don't plan to change that. And so, in some ways that adds central to maximizing value in North America. When we maximize value in North America, we are not going to build things, we don't have home. And so, I expect to continue to see market demand for this equipment. 2024 is actually already in hand. It's just delivering the units themselves. They already have homes. And in '25, we actually have some deliveries. And I expect that we will see more as we go forward. But I think that important to remember that that our approach is to build to contract.
Jeffrey Miller: Okay. Thank you, Carmen. Let me close out the call with this, I am excited about the outlook for Halliburton and expect Halliburton to deliver strong free cash flow and shareholder returns. Look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Let's close out the call.
