Jeff Miller: Thanks, Lance. To summarize our discussion today. Halliburton is on track to deliver strong results and our financial commitments for this year. We see customer urgency and demand for our services increasing internationally and in North America. We expect to benefit from the accelerating recovery and deliver profitable growth in the international markets and maximize value in North America.  We prioritize our investments to the highest returns opportunities and are committed to capital efficiency. As our forward outlook unfolds, we expect to deliver strong free cash flow and industry leading returns for our shareholders. And now, let's open it up for questions.
Jeff Miller: Well, thanks, James. Look, I think broadly if I look out at the improvements, it's really a function of the tightening macro, and what we see and so. I think supply is clearly short. I mean, this underspending that's been happening for really 7 years is starting to have an effect on the supply side, and that drives clearly urgency, but it's harder to do.  And then along with that, we've got short supply service assets, and that is also driving great environment for us and Halliburton's in the right places. And so when I think about profitable growth internationally and also maximizing value in North America, that's right in the fairway of where we want to be.  And so this beginning of an up-cycle, I think what we'll see are our operators work very hard to improve production, but it's short-cycle style barrels are just going to take a lot more work around the wellbore. And all very good. And it's really, as I said, beginning of what I see as a very strong up-cycle for our services.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think -- clearly it's a combination of both. I think that we will see certainly inflation, I'm not going to give you a number today, but I think that we're seeing strengthening pricing -- strengthening pricing into 2022 so I think that'll be a part of it. In fact to our strategy of maximizing value in North America, I think that we're going to be really sharp around where we work and how we generate those returns.  So I -- is it -- I would -- I think that pricing will move up more. And I think there will be a lot of effort put into the activity but the combination of equipment shortages that drive prices are going to probably be a headwind to a degree on activity as we get into the year, biased more to price than activity probably.
Jeff Miller: So thanks, Neil. But look, I'm really excited about the outlook and the possibility to pull that forward. Certainly, that's a possibility. I think that we're on track. I mean, everything that I see indicates that's well on our viewfinder in terms of getting to the '23 outlook that I had.  The pace at which oil -- oil demand comes back, which I would say is surprising a little bit to the upside in spite of what's out there with respect to COVID, certainly encouraging, certainly highlights what we've been seeing for some time, which is how important oil is, and more importantly, the impact that not spending normal rates for quite a long time has on the supply of oil. Of course, operators are going to work really hard to accelerate that, which is fantastic for Halliburton. So I'm very encouraged about the outlook and the Pacing.
Jeff Miller: I think the disconnect will be around supply of equipment and also the type of equipment, there's a lot of demand out there. I'll talk about pricing may be first. We're seeing it now, it looks a little different than maybe in prior cycles in the sense that it's more of a process than it is a point in time, but yes, making a lot of progress around that.  We've talked about premium equipment and clearly that's -- a lot of demand for that and it's in short supply and likely stays that way. And so that's certainly positive. Our outlook is that we're going to, certainly, getting that pricing -- getting some net pricing now, and we expect to continue that, particularly as equipment tightens. It starts with the premium equipment, but my view is that we will see that across the entire fleet as we go into 2022.  And so with respect to inflation, yes, seeing that, I think that's been passed along fairly straightforward manner, but that's not the pricing that actually we're looking forward to and seeing some of now. From a labor perspective and, if you described 20 more fleets into 2022, your 40 to 85% utilization today, that takes us what, like close to 100. That drives a lot of pricing activity around equipment, and the labor, I think, it will exacerbate that.  We were very fortunate at Halliburton that we're able to manage the labor, other elements of transportation, I think, more effectively than the market. I described some of that in my comments. But I think that will continue to get tight and I like the way we're differentially positioned around those things also.
Jeff Miller: Well, we likely are and we are -- it's getting tight, it's tighter, and we're going to reallocate equipment to the highest return opportunities. And I think we're just going to see some tightness, which is a healthy thing, which is going to drive better asset allocation to projects. We're -- we see capital velocity as a strategic plank for us that we're very focused on and we think that's the key to driving profitable growth.  And I say it that way because there will be many opportunities, our focus is on the profitable slice of that. And things that we're seeing set up as it gets more active internationally. Short-cycle barrels clearly will use equipment, but as we see, some element of offshore activity creep into that, that soaks up more capacity.  And so I expect we'll see quite a bit of tightness which is very, very positive for Halliburton and our outlook. I mean, I don't -- I think that the returns haven't been there, and we expect to see solid returns, and growth in returns, and free cash flow, and a tight market is what makes that happen.
Jeff Miller: Thanks, Chase. Look, 20% is a good starting point. Obviously, could it be more? It could be certainly and I think the more activity there is, the more price there will be and so kind of take those in tandem. When we look at 2022, clearly there's a call on U.S. production at the kind of commodity prices that we see today, and particularly given the supply shortage.  So we have always expected that we would see North America move first and strongest as we got into the real heavy lift around short supply. That said though, I do believe that it is moderated to a degree because there are formulas in place around how reinvestment -- around reinvestment rates, around dividend requirements, around compensation schemes.  So all of that's in place which serves to certainly moderate activity for the public. And I suspect we'll -- those budgets aren't out, but I certainly expect that we'll see those. The privates clearly are very active. An evidence to me that we see sort of that strengthening, is we're finding more work.  The reality is -- was we readjust pricing and look at the market that requires moving around to different operators at different times. And we're doing some of that now. But the old adage, you don't quit a job till you have a job. And we're finding jobs. All of that is positive, but I think that there will be tightness around equipment in that environment. I don't -- we're in and around 20 is just sort of a current outlook on 22. I don't mean that to be prescriptive. Could it be more clearly, it could be more. But I also think it will be very tight.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. Look at the -- the maintenance was maybe a penny. But clarity around where that equipment will go. I mean, that's an indicator that we have certainty around where that equipment will go to work and the kind of things we're doing are like the, the [Indiscernible] end are things that drive better margins for us and a longer life over the life of that so it's just wise to do, I think more important is that we've got real clarity around where that equipment goes and 22 and we want to make certain that we're ready and it goes to work at prices that clearly eclipse any cost of maintenance on the equipment.  It's just the thing that we want to do. Q4, we've given you our guidance and all that's in that guidance. So look, I take it as a real positive that we've got the clarity that we have, and just the concrete evidence of where this equipment will go. And we just want to make certain that we're taking care of everything in real-time.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. Look, guys, it's very competitive information. I'd say we out perform ed the numbers you laid out. But maybe I'll just walk through the components of how we manage these things. It's very -- we have very sophisticated supply chain organization and they are working overtime, but absolutely getting it done.  Price fairly passed on to customers. The labor [Indiscernible] the ability to recruit nationally in the US, and the ability to have a strong local workforce internationally, both are key elements of managing inflation for Halliburton. From our raw materials perspective. Again, supply chain buys from the entire world, we manage logistics, and we actually see that improving in terms of tightness as we go into 2022.  Particularly we're seeing sort of space on airplanes. As the world opens up and we see more carriers sort of get back to work, we actually believe the international logistics around raw material gets better. And then in North America, our relationship with Vorto is having quite an impact. I mean, we are able to add drivers. We were able to retain drivers, it's been quite disruptive but very effective.  And so look, I'm confident that we outperform in terms of managing inflation for Halliburton, but that's a separate topic from where we see pricing going in 2022 and many cases now.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. Look, the entire international market is a huge market, and so to move all of that at a high rate is probably more difficult to do, particularly given where the supply chain actually in project backlog is for clients. But nevertheless, could it be low-teens to mid-teens? Yeah, certainly could be. Super excited about Latin America and the pace of growth and the outlook there. Middle East should be very strong.  And I think we're going to see the kind of broad-based improvement that allows pricing and pockets of places to continue to get better. So it's going to be good. It should be really, really good market internationally. I think we build into it throughout 22 as well.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. I think it does give us tailwinds as we go into 2022. Drag our headwinds near-term. Not much -- any of that would be in our guidance. But look, this is making -- maximizing the value in North America, which is clearly what strategically we want to do and plan to do. And our doing involves making decisions around what we do with the assets that we have. And I think you're seeing that and will continue to see that from Halliburton.  And so I'm super encouraged, and a lot of the discussions we're having today with customers are around 2022, in fact, most of that dialogue is 2022 and beyond, actually, even into some sort of 23 type discussion. So I'm super encouraged, so what we want to make sure is that our assets are deployed where they're the most valuable for us and our clients. And yes, that does include moving them around.  When we're moving them around, we tend to do more maintenance on them and what not. That's the opportunity that we take typically to do high-grades of fluid ends and that kind of thing. And so it should be interpreted in a very positive way what we're doing, and particularly a demonstration of really two strategic planks. One is maximizing value in North America and the second is capital velocity. Capital efficiency.
Jeff Miller: Well, fortunately, we're in all the basins. And so I don't really take a view of basin by basin as much as we do customer opportunity by customer opportunity, and that can be wherever it might fall. I'm not going to necessarily carve out a particular location. Clearly, there's more activity nearly in all of the basins today, and so that's very encouraging.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think [Indiscernible] we're going to find internationally, there's been a lot of under spend for quite a long time and a lot of countries are declining today. Declining is hard to overcome. They'll work hard to do that, but that doesn't necessarily move the needle in terms of production. It might get it back to flat instead of even with extra work, it takes extra work to just stem the decline.  All of that's positive for us. I mean, clearly we see more activity as we go into 2022 in the Middle East and Latin America. But again, I think that those that can spend and are in a position to do so will, but there's the capital austerity by a number of clients is still well in place, and so I think that -- and I say that in the sense that I think that production is going to all be near wellbore, which is very good for us, and I think that a lot of work will get done. But I still see supply as tight for really quite some time.  I mean, it doesn't turn back on. Maybe a point worth remembering, in 2014, the number of big multi-billion-dollar projects with 30-year payouts that were being completed or in the process of finishing, we don't see those today. And the reality is that means there's less spin on infrastructure and a lot more spin on what we do. And I think that's all very, very positive.
Jeff Miller: Yes, I do. Look, I'm very encouraged about Latin America. And that team has punched above its weight in Latin America. We've got an excellent team, great position. We're in every country. The technology introduction has been effective there which I've talked about sort of our Drilling Tools and what we've been able to accomplish.  Our project management capabilities are very strong in Latin America and it's allowed us to outperform in my view. I think that continues into 2022 as more work comes on. And again, that's a part of the world where oil production, and it's very important to economies and operators. and I think that we'll continue to see a strong Latin American business.
Jeff Miller: We'll be looking to round out the year around Capex. And look, I think we'll have to see how working capital continues to play out. We have clearly been very focused on working capital and the required investment it would take to put back that investment as we continue to grow, a great outcome this quarter where we actually still generated cash from working capital, despite the fact that our revenue was growing globally.  So all good facts historically, whether we can keep -- whether it's realistic that we can keep that momentum from a working capital perspective going forward might be a little bit harder. So those are all the things that we think about. I mean, look, overall, I'm excited about the way that free cash flow has behaved so far this year and I continue to be encouraged about what that means for next year as well.
Jeff Miller: Look, I feel good about our business in 2022, most certainly for the reasons I've described. I'm not going to try to give an outlook today on 2022, but what I can say from an operating -- from an earnings power standpoint. We've been very effective at maintaining the earnings power reset that really happened a year ago, but that's well in place.  And all of the things, there were a lot of things that we did when we were reducing costs a year ago that really they were going to be savings as we saw activity pick up, but they were sort of the things that improved margins with activity. We didn't have much activity, so we didn't see the benefit of that, but a lot of the digital work that we've done in North America and reduction of roofline and changing of maintenance and all of those things become more valuable as we get into an environment where we see more activity.  And so we're really encouraged about the outlook. And not only activity but our technology offering, particularly around frac in North America, is very unique and I think we will see the power of that also.
Jeff Miller: Thank you, Katherine. Look, I'm pleased with the quarter and look forward to speaking with you again at the end of the next quarter as we see this multiyear up-cycle continue to unfold. Katherine, you can close out the call.
Lance Loeffler: Yes, Neil, this is Lance. Look, we certainly -- no doubt, we see an environment that provides us with a lot more flexibility as we look towards 2022. And I would just say this year, 2021, we've had a strategy and we're continuing to execute that. It starts with EBITDA growth, Capex control, and a focus on deleveraging throughout the course of the year. The dividend raise is certainly in the viewfinder as our outlook plays out.  We're still going to continue to be focusing on deleveraging our business and to a certain extent accelerating it when it makes economic sense. So there's still work to do there, but I think the message is that we've got a great opportunity to address all of these things as we move into next year.
Lance Loeffler: Yeah, I think we certainly expect continued strength in the operational profit piece of the equation. That's pretty obvious based on our guidance for the quarter. Some of that will be offset by some of that acceleration in Capex spend that we talked about in my prepared remarks.
Lance Loeffler: Yes. So, I think as we look to '22, it's certainly healthier, right? Generally speaking, I describe it that way because it means that our operational profit contribution is clearly moving higher as -- into the year -- into next year. But like I said earlier, even as I was relating to the fourth quarter, our revenue increase is going to require incremental working capital. Look, 21 is proof that we're focused on it, and managing it as tight as we can and as efficiently as we can. And then you're right, Mark, from a Capex perspective. I think we've been pretty clear what the guardrails are on our business even into next year, 5% to 6% of revenue. But look, at the end of the day, maximizing value in North America, growing international profitably, and that keeping real tremendous amount of focus on capital efficiency. I think all leads to free cash flow growth next year.
