Jeff Miller: Thanks, Eric. Let me summarize our discussion today. Halliburton's performance in the first quarter demonstrated the earnings power of our strategy. My outlook for Halliburton is strong. I expect international year-on-year growth in the high teens North America growth in excess of 15%. And finally, everything I see today points towards more cash to shareholders. And now let's open it up for questions.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Well, thanks, Dave. Look, prices aren't moving down. And I think from our comments, I've told you what we've done and what we plan to do. Overall margin improvement comes from structurally bifurcated market, as you described, demand for high-quality services are very much in demand and hard to deliver. And quite frankly, the cost of the frac hasn't changed. I mean the engines are moving up. There's still inherent inflation in the frac business today. So there's not a connection there. And so as I look out at the rest of the year, we continue to improve the earnings power of our fleet through bifurcation, delivery of these fleets, retirement of -- it needs to be retired, be clear, not stacked, but retired. And then finally, efficiency and sort of repositioning around better pricing.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Look, pricing is improving. And so -- and I would expect D&E margins to improve along with that. I would still argue early innings of activity increase in the Middle East I'm pleased with our growth. So thank you for pointing that out. But I see this continuing rig counts aren't necessarily at near peak. And I think we've got a lot of opportunity to continue to run. And then broadly, international, it's beyond the Middle East, pleased with the growth that we saw in the first quarter. And just a reminder to to everyone that in Q1 of '22, Russia was 2% of our business. And so that's really pretty strong growth.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Look, I think wells drilled in North America really a function of DUC count. So as the DUCs get drawn down, more wells have to be drilled. And so I think fluctuation in drilling. And it's interesting that you see fluctuation in drilling, but a very steady march in terms of frac. And I think some of that is managing cost at the margin. but the fact is they don't produce more without fracking wells. And so I'm not surprised to see that. I think our D&E business in North America remains strong. confident on what we're seeing there. We continue to sort of make gains in the drilling part of the business. And I would say the other service lines are very strong.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Look, this is an opportunity to mine what the 2 companies really do well. And they're particularly areas where we overlap, and we're taking advantage of that. We've been working on a series of things and 1 of which is all electric completions for about 5 years is -- and we just signed up for another 5 years with TSMC. So great partner in this area. What we've delivered ultimately will be, I think, a revolutionary all-electric solution. They really only -- it takes the 2 of us to solve for, it's not the bulk of either 1 of our businesses. But the fact is in this narrow space, we bring some really unique synergies and opportunity to develop technology. And so very pleased with the relationship and the progress that we're making up to and including we're jointly marketing and selling some solutions today.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks, James. The discussion is more around availability than anything else. Whether it's services that we provide capital more importantly, availability of tools and people. And a lot of the planning, we're even doing planning today -- I mean, deep planning today for '24 activity that we expect to ramp up and so there's enough concern around availability in '24 that significant resources are committed now to solving for that. So I've got a lot of confidence in the runway internationally and the amount of work that we've won.
Jeff Miller: Yes, James. It's -- I think it's a combination of the 2 and certainly the more activity you have, the more sort of replacing type you see. But if I just sort of look back to look forward, if I take last year, 5% production growth last year, year-on-year translated into about 50% revenue growth for us. I know in '23, the outlook is for, let's say, 3 production growth. And I think published estimates at least today around operator CapEx or 17% or so. I think it says a couple of things. Number one, producing oil doesn't get easier, meaning it demands more of our services and higher quality services. And so I'm confident that we're going to maximize value in North America. And I think that combination of activity and and price is what delivers the north of 15%.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks. Look, I'm pleased with the growth on a percentage basis of our position in offshore or the amount of offshore work that we're doing. Look, I think it continues to grow and I expect our position as we continue to bring out the types of technologies I talked about continue to help drive our growth in offshore work. And so we are levered heavily to offshore, and this is all service lines or levered to offshore. And I think that as we see that business grow, I expect, yes, it does translate into top line growth and margin growth. And I think that what's clear though, also is it higher service intensity, but it also requires more equipment to do offshore work. So it has a bit of a double effect in terms of growing revenues and margins, but it also tightens up the rest of the business by virtue of consuming backup tools and additional shifts of people. And so as offshore grows, that has a tightening effect really on everything, which again, helps to drive better margins and better growth.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Look, I think that, that growth continues at sort of that pace. This is 1 of those solutions that is very affordable and scalable and provides important data to operators particularly as the focus becomes productivity per foot. And so this is really the best way, maybe the only way to meaningfully measure where the sand goes. And as a result of that, that's the building block of what produces more of what's better complexity, where is the sand, what's the most efficient solution. And so I expect that continues to grow at a very fast pace and we've continued to introduce more technology around that solution so that it's easier to deploy and ultimately -- this is 1 of those things that our target is to be the most efficient solution in the marketplace. And as it scales, it becomes more valuable to us and in my view, it's a very sticky solution because it's 1 of those things that once you have that data, and it becomes part of a working process, then it becomes very sticky over time.
Jeff Miller: Well, look, I think what we demonstrated is that's what we're going to do. Clearly, gas economics are challenged today. And I don't think it's something that service prices solve. And so I think gas is incredibly important, and I expect that it continues. But -- and even get stronger as we build into the LNG capacity that gets built here in the U.S. But along the way, we see opportunities for unmet demand in oil, and we've made the moves we described. We also want to accelerate our fleet as a percentage of our overall fleet, which requires that we retire fleets along the way. And so from our perspective, that is the path that we take. Now I think it's -- gas operators are continuing to operate, and they are working and really to that end, actually just placed an e-fleet into a gas basin with an operator. So there's clearly an outlook that gas recovers.
Jeff Miller: Well, as I described, our outlook is strong. I expect we generate a lot of free cash flow. And yes, I believe that as we do that, we'll be able to return more cash to shareholders. And so we took a step in Q1. But obviously, the ability to the flex there is going to be with share buybacks.
Jeff Miller: Well, pricing certainly has improved year-on-year. But I think more importantly is the the depth of the technology that we're introducing is sort of the duration. And I don't want to get away from that. It's not a point in time. I think we've got pricing improving, but at the same time, we've got substantial capital efficiency happening also in terms of the technology. So the -- we've been pretty clear about the technology that we are investing in is driving capital efficiency, which means that we capture more of the value and cash flow over time. And so I would expect to see the margin improvement that you saw this quarter year-on-year to continue in terms of incrementals. And I say it that way. I've always said that our expectation is that we stack improvement each quarter in terms of margins in D&E. And expect that to continue to happen. Obviously, there's some intra-year cyclicality. But I think the key is if we look at each year by quarter, then we ought to be stacking improvements quarter-on-quarter. And I think we've got a long runway ahead of us in D&E.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I think the adoption is going to always be around business cases and what creates value for customers. And I think the idea that we're just going to go digital has started and stopped because it was proven unsuccessful. And so what we see is now more meaningful adoption around real solutions, software solutions and automation solutions -- it is a big business, but it's not one -- it's one that's sort of spread throughout the business as well. And so I think that we tend to think about it in 2 buckets. We tend to think about it as software is 1 activity and automation as another. And both are generated sort of from the same technical capacity by that, I mean the capacity to do software at scale, a lot of that resident and Landmark, the software business sort of being 1 thing and then the automation, which is many of the same tools maybe buy differently throughout the rest of the business. And it has a meaningful effect on our performance margin outlook, it's going to have -- it will continue to do that. Even in our offshore in the drilling business in terms of automation of the drilling tools can do and probably equally onshore North America in terms of what we can do with frac fleets from a maintenance and performance standpoint. It's not something we necessarily advertise, but it's very inherent in the type of performance and efficiency that we see today.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I think I have more confidence in number -- well, really 3 things. One, the indicators that we're looking at things like completion tool order book, which has grown meaningfully and that all focuses on this year. I would say, pricing sort of improvement that we're seeing, pricing and tightness around equipment around the world internationally is another meaningful one. And then finally, just we're winning awards and we're growing. We're selective about the awards we're winning. Again, our strategy is profitable international growth. emphasizing the profit part of that statement. But at the same time, we are seeing success and we're seeing success in a lot of different markets. And so because of that, we see a path to sort of high teens.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I'm seeing Asia, again, pick up, particularly in terms of development type work, which is obviously right there in our wheelhouse. And then also in Latin America, clearly, we see activity growth in Brazil. But really throughout the region, we see the imperative to produce more oil and gas. And clearly, oil and gas is an important part of the economies of Latin America. And so there's a lot of motivation to be more effective and to deliver more oil and gas, partly for economic reasons and for tax revenues. But I think I'm really encouraged by what we see.
Jeff Miller: Well, we view all of this very strategically in the sense of we're looking at returns, long-term returns and where we create value in terms of competitive advantage. And so we don't -- vertical integration for the sake of vertical integration, in my view, is not necessarily creating more value, what we're doing in the frac space and really, in every business that we're in is focused on where do we create technical differentiation. So what our creates competitive advantage for Halliburton. And so when I think about what we've done with electric fleets, what we've done with the smart fleet really meaningful things. The inputs to the business are the inputs to the business and those are may be good businesses for others. But there are places where we create competitive advantage. So for that reason, it's not just how much volume can we capture around the wellbore. It's really where can we capture volume and create competitive advantage. And so I like where we are in our approach to it.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thank you, and thank you all for participating in today's call. Let me close out the call with just a couple of comments. First, Halliburton's performance in the first quarter demonstrated the earnings power of our strategy. And then secondly, my outlook for Halliburton is strong and everything I see today points towards more cash to shareholders. I look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Let's close out the call. Thank you.
