Dave Lesar: Thanks, Jeff. In North America, we are past feeling the turn, we are in the turn and we will be accelerating our Q10 build in the order to meet customer demand. In Latin America, we feel optimistic about improved second half, but are still monitoring a few potential headwinds regardless of that 2015 is shaping up to be a strong year. In the Eastern Hemisphere, we are still on-track for low-double digit full year revenue growth with margins averaging in the upper-teens. And finally, our strong outlook for the business provides us with confidence in improving increase shareholder returns going forward as is evidenced by our increase in stock buyback authorization to a new total of $6 billion, which represents approximately 10% of our market cap today. With that, let’s open it up for questions.
Dave Lesar: Well volume matters a lot, and so our strategy has been to build equipment into the market that handles a lot of volume, and handles the volume more efficiently than competing equipment in the market. So, what we’re seeing it shape up in terms of tightness which is a function of volume, size of jobs that we have described plays right to us. I think that’s -- so anyway it gives us a lots of confidence in the direction both the markets going and where we are.
Dave Lesar: Clearly, less, how much less that kind of depends on the size of the job and where it is and some of those things. But again our whole strategy was around putting equipment that is basically the lowest total cost of ownership and the ability to handle bigger jobs with less back up. And we’re seeing that happen that’s why we’re -- and we described the 20% better efficiency out of our equipment and we’re consistently seeing that work that way.
Dave Lesar: So Brad the answer is yes. We did get the blanket order but we didn’t get it in time to be able to book any revenues in Q2. And so now that we have the blanket order in hand the process now is submitting billings that ultimately need to be approved by PEMEX management that ultimately can translate into revenue. So I mean that really was the impact of Q2 that we had to book cost and no ability to book revenues offsetting that even on an unbilled basis. So that we’ve got it now in hand and that’s why we feel fairly confident in our second half guidance around Latin America with regard to that.
Dave Lesar: That’s right, I mean it’s clearly -- it's still customer dependent. We’re subject to their timing and if they approve those bills on an expeditious manner then we get to book the revenues and have the margin uplift associated with it.
Dave Lesar: But we did it at all the time Brad this is -- we rely on our infrastructure we’re very proud of the logistics capability that we have and we really put to work in the second quarter.
Dave Lesar: No, they are contingent on that as well the -- I mean both issues are there, the Mexico lack inability to build on the blanket order and of course the mobilization cost that we incurred where the larger issues of why the margins were off of Q1. So I think that relative to guidance that we gave at the end of Q1 the blanket order was the culprit that really hurt us in terms of being below what we thought the Latin American business was going to look like in Q2. So as we go to Q3 getting that back certainly helps us. The Brazil retender obviously we’re subject to our customers’ calendar as well on that front, they have a fairly aggressive schedule and so for they’ve been executing against that schedule, we’re hopeful that we can get some relief under that contract expeditiously if for some reason they begin to delay that process that push retender out to the end of the year and again right now I can’t see that but assuming that happened it could have a marginal impact on us later in the year, in the fourth quarter.
Dave Lesar: Yes, thanks Bill. The Russia business for us is the growing business and I think the commentary that you’re describing is more around our outlook if sanctions were to be increased or become more so, currently at least till now the sanctions themselves have had a minimal impact on the business but as we -- as sanctions potentially escalate and the risk of more sanctions sort of looms that's what we believe puts some risk into the business in the back half of the year.
Dave Lesar: Yes, thanks. And we were seeing as you described record levels of congestion rather to speak for the industry itself I will speak for Halliburton and so where we spend our time is focused on building out that logistics capability to have access to adequate supplies of both propones and chemicals and there are many elements along that supply chain and we focus on each of them and we also maintain a broad base of suppliers on the sort of the source end of that business so I think the -- from our standpoint the volumes continue to increase, we really think it plays to what we would like to do which is prop into location and then just as importantly have the equipment on location that can handle it and deliver jobs very effectively.
Dave Lesar: Not at this point, we are able to -- so we have got great visibility into the inflationary pressures, we are -- and because of that I think we have the ability to respond to those quickly and get those in front of our customers.
Dave Lesar: That’s a fair statement Jim, I mean we are building to contract and we are building to fair away customers I say fair away players. So, we have got a lot of confidence that our equipment it goes to work in the market.
Dave Lesar: Jim, as we look at that market I mean it’s a bit of a unknown over two years time what that could mean what we are seeing happen today are delays and getting contract approvals through the government and the extensions of contract I have to believe that, that rights itself over a period as long as two years because of the importance of hydrocarbons in that markets and to the government et cetera. So, as we look further down the road I mean I can see where this comes right as things settle out if it were to continue to escalate, clearly we have got other places we could move equipment and put it to work even in that very region. So, I think we have got lots of options we just prefer not to exercise them.
Dave Lesar: As I hear a tough customer I think it’s ultimately the dynamic largely the fact that there is inflation offsetting a lot of what we are doing to right here, you talked about activity, you talked about the increased -- the ability to pass through but we are constantly as Jeff has alluded to managing logistics challenges we are managing inflation across a number of cost categories and so that really is ultimately is pushing against us. We are continue to navigate through that very effectively and as I have indicated earlier, what we are seeing our largest margin improvement thus far has been on just the share efficiency of running our crudes really stretching out what we can do with these Q10 fleets and what our guys could do in the field every single day it’s a differentiator for Halliburton that we see other people not being able to drag, we are going to continue to push on that until such time as I would say the pricing lock jam breaks.
Dave Lesar: Our view is that it probably has some view of that, right. The reason we believe that’s fallen that low is impart sort of twofold. One is, crude sizes have to grow, seems like 20% to 50% in some cases as the equipments working harder, so you have got more equipment in the field per fleet. And the second issue is because it’s working so much harder, there is more in the shop and in the base, being worked on at any one point of time. And so the net, what we are trying to do is get a percentage calculation of what’s available to work and it appears to us that what’s available to work now is less than 10%.
Dave Lesar: Chuck, 2016 seems like a long, long time away but I think it’s fair to say six months or so off of our Analyst Day. We are very pleased with the progress that we are making on all fronts and each of our strategy is unconventional, deepwater mature fields. From a financial standpoint, the things that we are being able to accomplish in terms of improving cash flow, we are tracking right along the line, may be a little ahead of where we thought we will be in terms of reducing working capital. And so as I look at it, I think that everything is going exactly the way that we have planned may be a little bit better but don’t necessarily want to get out there right now with the 2016 forecast. But certainly we firmly believe in our strategy both operational as well as financial strategy and we are going to execute against that strategy. We are not going to lever-off of that right now and feel like that certainly it’s being successful in driving us forward.
Dave Lesar: Yes Kelly let me just add one last comment to what Jeff said because I think it’s been important one and that, and it goes back to the issue that the question Jim Wicklund had around our market expectations in adding pumping capacity. Of course we’re not going to be crazy enough to add equipment into the market if we see that it’s going to have an impact on our margin expectations from the direction that they’re had it right now. We build to market expectations. We build to the customer base we have. We build to the market share we believe that is efficient to support our business in North America. And we’re also building in a Q10 fleet that we believe is second to none in the marketplace. So as Jeff said all we really are doing is accelerating a bill that we have previously laid out to everybody to get it done faster to take advantage of the efficiencies and the competitive advantage we have from it sooner rather than later. So, I wouldn’t get too exercised about it in my view I think it’s the smart business decision and clearly we wouldn’t do it if we didn’t think it was in the best interest of our shareholders.
Jeff Miller: Yes thanks, Kurt. That rebid is in process right now, so the documents haven’t been resubmitted. We still expect to see that conclude this year, expect early Q4. With respect to competitive positioning I am not going to share that with you here, I expect it will be competitive but in any case expect to see a healthy reset as we look ahead into the ’15 and beyond.
Jeff Miller: Yes, Kurt let me just kind of go through what we’re seeing in the marketplace with respect to activity. We’re seeing all the right signs as capacity starts to tighten which we’ve seen fall below sort of 10% spare capacity. We see activity increasing at breakneck rate, we’re seeing some pass through of cost increases at this point and probably most importantly we have clarity of our frac calendar through the end of the year. So all of those things give it a lot of confidence in adding our equipment because we see where that’s going to go work. I think from a -- if you think more broadly about the market, again we believe in our equipment, it’s doing exactly what we thought it would do, what we described at our Analyst Day so from Halliburton’s perspective very confident that the Q10 equipment is delivering.
Jeff Miller: Yes, thanks Angie. From a competitive standpoint we’re not going to share with you quantities of equipment and that sort of thing. But suffice to say that we have the ability, that’s one of the reasons we stay in the manufacturing business, it gives us the ability to flex more quickly and then put the equipment when and where we need it.
Jeff Miller: Yes, Angie, to address the first part of the question which is really what are we seeing across the entirety of North America. It’s not all the same in terms of tightness, nor is it the same in terms of cost. So the ability to get the cost pass throughs, we’re able to do that where we see that kind of inflation. The second part of your question around logistics, truly a place where we have a lot of confidence in our ability and our supply chain organization has a great window into the market in terms of how to acquire the inputs and as you suggested, or as we’ve said in our comments, we’ll continue to build the logistics capability that we have, and so that’ll -- across a number of different parts of that supply chain.
Jeff Miller: Yes, Jim, I can’t, I’m not going to give you a date or a time in that case, what best I can do is describe the conditions precedent which is what we’re seeing; recall oil cycles are a little different than gas cycles in terms of spikiness, so -- but we -- our build schedule and sort of our view into the market gives us a lot of confidence around kind of that what we see for the balance of this year and in ’15.
Jeff Miller: Jim we see pull through on services consistently I mean that’s part of our value proposition in terms of how we go to work most efficiently from a competitive standpoint I am not going to get into the requirement or where we are in that cycle but we are confident that the package of services that we put to work really work well together particularly as the market gets tighter and busier.
Jeff Miller: We had always planned to implement the Q10 in fact of the future strategy, so the timing and the pace of that was not as clear certainly a bad time but given the value and the efficiency of the equipment, part of our strategy has always been to put that newer technology to work.
Mark McCollum: Hey Angie, this is Mark. Just so I oversee the capital side let me weigh in, we did during the second quarter stop the retirement of some of our equipment just because of the activity levels were so great; we were rolling Q10s out, the ability to leave some of the older equipment out there allowed us to basically gain a spread or so to sort of address some of that activity. From a capital standpoint we’re building to contract. We’re building to what we can see. There is the ability to dial that further if the market accelerates further, but we think that this build schedule is aggressive enough to make sure that we’re addressing the market as we see it that will be available for Halliburton over the next 18 months or so.
Mark McCollum: Yes, I think in terms of cost it is. If we look back at sort of the margin progression in Q1 to Q2, there is a little bit of cost, some of that’s cost of goods sold and then commodities as Angie highlighted earlier that we certainly were able to add some share. But when you look back I mean in our analysis it is very much activity driven. Our units out there are working harder and they are sort of a breakpoint that really adds to the margin. We just finished the roll out of the core components of our Battle Red program. It’s now in the field fully deployed. We’re working through the change management of that process now as that stabilizes for the next couple of months. There is going to be additional cost savings that will be added to it. We’re going to continue to work on supply chain and logistics. We all I think across the face of logistics bottlenecks and issues in the early part of Q2 with moving sand where it needed to be. We’ll think as we continue to iron out logistics and add to our infrastructure there. We’re going to be able to continue to drive additional savings. So at least -- we said all along we believe that we could get to close to 20% without the benefit of pricing and that is still the internal goal and we’re driving hard to that and we think that the results of Q2 were a strong step toward that goal.
Mark McCollum: I think on your sizing question Bill, this is Mark, I don’t want to give any kind of specifics but I think the Russian business is the low single-digits percentage of our total revenues, company revenues, low single-digits.
Mark McCollum: Waqar, there is no limitation as to how we can spend the money that the Board has authorized us to spend, so I wouldn’t necessarily preclude a Dutch auction. I think though that right now it doesn’t feel like that’s the appropriate way to approach the market. We just did one last year. It was debt finance, and so our debt ratio was high. What I am primarily focused on is thinking about how do we deploy access cash, either -- obviously we have an opportunity here for reinvestment in the business that we have been discussing in North America. We have an opportunity all the way for additional M&A transactions similar to what we accomplished in Q2. But to the extent that we are generating more cash flow than we thought we would and that certainly has been the case over the last couple of quarters. And we believe will continue to be the case over the next few quarters. You will see us be in the market doing ratable share purchases until such time as it makes sense, collective sense, financial sense to do something on a larger scale.
Mark McCollum: Waqar, we don’t see a lot of change in ’15, I mean this could be a ’16 event when we see things, take back up there. There is opportunities for things to be done but I think there is also a lot of sorting out to be done.
