Jeff Miller: Thanks, Lance. Before I wrap up our discussion today, I want to thank our employees for their terrific execution on our value proposition, dedication to Halliburton, and excellent service delivery for our customers.  Now, let me summarize what we believe and expect will unfold. We're in the early innings of a multi-year upcycle. As oil demand exceeds supply, the macro environment will be constructive for both international and US markets. Halliburton's unique value proposition, integrated service portfolio and differentiated technologies position us to outperform in this market.  We have significant growth potential in new markets with our specialty chemicals and artificial lift businesses. Our technical differentiation allows us to disproportionately benefit from equipment capacity tightening across markets. Improved pricing, higher utilization, and our significant operating leverage will deliver strong incrementals for Halliburton in this upcycle.  We will continue to execute on our strategic priorities and remain committed to driving strong double-digit growth, margin expansion, significant free cash flow and returns for our shareholders as this multi-year upcycle unfolds.  And now, let's open it up for questions.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think what we're looking at today is the macro. When we talk to our customers, particularly publics, they're going to do exactly what they've said they're going to do, and I think we see that playing out. But we also have a good view of the macro in terms of supply and demand. And I think, from that perspective, the planet will demand oil. Where does it come from? Clearly, we've got line of sight to improving activity internationally. I describe that primarily with NOCs. And yes, I think that it's not zeal, it’s steady march to produce more barrels. And then I think that the call back on the U.S. is simply going to be that – that underinvestment that we've seen for a number of years internationally, it doesn't just spring back into action. And I think that's very positive for North America. So, from a customer perspective, obviously, the privates are much more opportunistic around the supportive oil price. So, we see quite a bit of activity and outlook from them.
Jeff Miller: Well, James, it's a process and it's probably multiple iterations. But I think we're seeing net pricing to a certain degree today in the U.S. slow going, but moving. And as we work through into 2022, I expect that continues to accelerate.  Internationally, I think it takes on the same type of dynamics that we saw in 2019, where markets, individual markets see tightness, see pricing, large tenders remain very competitive. And from our perspective, that worked well for Halliburton in 2019 and into the first quarter of 2020.  And we've been very clear, I think, about profitable growth. And so, I think it's key when I think about growth internationally, the key words there being profitable growth. And so that means that – and we see multiple years of growth in front of us. And for that reason, want to be deliberate about how we put equipment to work and make money. 
Jeff Miller: Yes. I mean, what we see is, let's say, broadly, Middle East adding activity, adding it sort of as we speak, but more so focused towards next year. So, I think that we see – well, I think second half to second half, we're going to be up probably mid double digits for 2021 versus 2020. So, where does that come from? I think that alone is increasing and we see that sort of across the Middle East. But we also see it in Argentina, as an example. We see it in other parts of the market. And so, I think that gets traction and continues to get traction as we go further into 2022. But the activities – the demand signs are there now that we're seeing, and I think we see growth. But I think that continues to accelerate as we get into 2022 and 2023. But it doesn't necessarily overcome all the underinvestment. So, I think that there's work to be done to grow that business for operators to grow production, I think we see signs of growth now. But I think it'll be more pronounced in 2022. And we’ve described 2021 as a transition year. So, we still see COVID slowdowns in markets. There's a number of rigs that aren't working because they're not staffed today, not by us, but just in general. And so, that type of disruption is weighing down on things a bit. But I fully expect this to work through that through the balance of 2021.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I mean, I can speak to what we see in terms of inflation. And we saw inflation in many parts of our business, whether it's maintenance, in particular, cost, parts and people to do it. But we've also been able to pass that along. And in certain cases get – I think as we get through the second half of this year, we're seeing some net pricing now. And I think we'll see more of that more so as we go into 2022. But the ability to recover inflation is an important step also. In the range, is it 5% to 10%, 5%? It moves all around depending on the category. From a people perspective, we've been able to staff our equipment. We've got a very large footprint and have access to lots of people. And so, yeah, we have seen some attrition or turnover, but we've also been able to replace folks fairly efficiently.
Jeff Miller: I think I've given you my outlook over the next couple of years. And so, over that period of time, we approach and then exceed those numbers that we got to in 2016. I think the most important part of this is the sustainability of that. And I feel like we see the strengthening macro and our unique competitive position in the marketplace very sustainable. I think we're back on to footing that we have to produce more, the things that we do to create value become more important. An example being the technology and our equipment in North America or our drilling technology, different elements of technology, whether it's digital or lift. But all of those things are what are so important in a market that requires more barrels, and that's what we see unfolding. And so, I think very sustainable. I've described it as the early innings. I think these are the early innings of at least a nine inning game to be played. And so, I really am convicted and excited about the outlook.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. As I said, it's not across the board. It is a process, but we are seeing net pricing in certain pockets and certain things today, and I expect that that accelerates, as I said, into 2022. But, clearly, with frac ESG friendly equipment that is in very short supply, we have a leading position in dual fuel electric, tier 4 also. And so, in all those categories, that's what the market demands and that's an – structurally, because of our large footprint there, we have a structurally differentiated position, but that equipment isn't everywhere and that equipment is some under contract, some is not under – it's moving. I think what's important at this point is that we're negotiating up and not down, and that's sort of a different dialogue than what we've had. And that's what we're seeing today. So, do you see all of that in Q3? Absolutely not. But what you do is you see us on a journey now that's different than the one that we've been on. And that's where we are.
Jeff Miller: When we think about digital, digital margin impact is across the business. Obviously, the software sales and the cloud native apps are in D&E. But more broadly, digital capability affects the whole business. And so, that's behind our [indiscernible] products, so tools like EarthStar and our SmartFleet, all of those are a byproduct of having digital capability in the company. In fact, the capacity to develop software at scale is pretty unique. And that is what allows that to happen.  The third way we consume software, and this has an impact also on the entire business, is the ability to consume the solutions ourselves and reduce our own costs. So, I would argue a large part of our ability to, for example, last year, reduce the roofline by 50% was rooted in our ability to do things digitally that remove many steps and change the processes and took people out. That's why I'm careful how we describe that.  I think that, clearly, it's a contribution to D&E. But I would say that the contracts we've described are all good contracts, but you ramp up – it might ramp up, they get started. It's a consultative process. And so, I would expect later this year or really more so into 2022 and beyond. I think these build one on top of another and become very sustainable over time, less of a sort of pop all at once, but sort of building into larger projects over time. 
Jeff Miller: We think that some of what we've seen over the last couple of days, I think, lays out a path for OPEC. And so, that's, to a certain degree, defined. If we look at pent up demand for oil at least today – if we look up the pent up demand that we see for oil today, we're at 98 million barrels a day now, the economy feels more than 2 million barrels shut in, to me. In fact, it's probably 4 million barrels consumed in aviation alone. So, I think there's a normalized level of spare capacity that's expected. So then when we think, okay, North America, what happens there? Well, we're up 10% year-on-year. And I think the expectation is that production is largely flat for this year. I would expect that there would be a call of – is it 500,000 barrels, some number like that? Some level of growth that would be called on in 2022. That, the price clearly supports, which would then drive more activity for us, certainly, and we have – in that mix is stemming the decline curve that is always working on North America production. So, those are the things that underpin our outlook.
Jeff Miller: Well, if we always look at our – we're fortunate today that we have one of the youngest fleets in the market. And as we replace equipment, we also have a large fleet. And so, as we systematically replace equipment, we have a choice to make. So, what type of equipment do we replace it with? And it's a combination, generally, of electric or dual fuel. But I think that our steady drumbeat of replacements and within our 5% to 6% of capital spend, we're able to meet demand and also at terms that are adequate. I think those two things have to be in place. Fortunately, we're in a position where we are able to deliver those things today. I say today, but today and over the near term from operations. Remains to be seen the pace at which all of that can happen in the market, given where sort of broadly that market stands today in terms of returns. So, without the returns, it's not – we wouldn't be investing in these types of equipment at all. Fortunately, we're in a position to do so and do it ratably along with our sort of planned replacement cycle.
Jeff Miller: It has to be all three of those. But I think it starts with some clarity around what is the trajectory over time that's sustainable as opposed to all of the ups and downs that we seem to have had sort of intra-period gyrations. And I think what's shaping up today, as I've described it, is a more sort of predictable, sustainable trajectory. And that's what we see out over the next couple of years and really beyond that, just because I think we've been through a lot of the over-capitalization. There's been under investment for a long enough period of time, particularly in the resource that, as demand recovers, which it will recover, I think there's a solid opportunity set for our services.  Now, within that, obviously, I have a view that – and believe firmly that our competitive positioning is different also. And because of that, Halliburton has tools, whether it's our value proposition, our technology or sort of our portfolio and how it's placed to maximize value in North America, which we've always been clear on. We want to maximize value in North America and grow profitably internationally. And I think both those macros are set up perfectly for doing that. And so, as a generalist, there's some clarity around where we're going. We've got some track record of where we've been, where we're going. And I think that sets up well for a generalist investor. 
Jeff Miller: Maybe one follow on to that, Neil. Strategically, we have changed the cash flow profile of our business, and that is the shift from 10%, 11% of revenues going into capital down to the 5% to 6%. But what that does is that sets Halliburton up to do those things. And so, I think it's our view and the change in our cash flow profile certainly aid that process.
Jeff Miller: I think we will always look for the best return opportunity for us. I'd say operators have not said anything about next year, and I'm not going to project what they might say. I think I have – we can see what the demand sort of looks like to us as we look out into next year. But I also think that every operator will make their own decisions around how they deploy their capital. And overall, a supportive commodity price, which we see creates headroom for our clients to do work and return cash to their shareholders, which is important for them to do. So, I think the improving commodity price and the structural sort of support that we will see in the commodity price makes all of that work as we go into 2022. 
Jeff Miller: I think operators are going to do exactly what they said they would do. And we really haven't seen budget exhaustion, to this point haven't talked about it. And I think that is because operators are ratably doing exactly what they said they were going to do. So, I don't anticipate that we see any of that or much of that this year. And I'd say the other thing that we've done a lot of work to variabilize our business, such that when we see slowdowns or holds or anything else, we're able to respond to it very, very quickly as opposed to how we might have done it in the past. And that all is process change and really philosophy change, but it's working quite well. I think we'll have a solid sort of working through the balance of the year just because of the clarity that our clients have and are providing to us. 
Jeff Miller: I think that as we look out, I believe that we've got the opportunity to meet those expectations within the guidance that we've provided with respect to CapEx. I think there is growth CapEx in that sort of 5% to 6% range that we've provided. For example, if I look back over the last five years, asset turns have improved by 50%. That's strong improvement. But this is back to my commentary around strategically approaching capital efficiency. So, as we're very sharp around our R&D dollars, drive capital efficiency, our process drives capital efficiency, and those are the kind of results we see in terms of capital efficiency. And so, we will continue to drive that as the market expands over the next couple of years. And really, strategically, that becomes our operating process. And I expect we'll continue to do that.
Jeff Miller: We're always working on costs. We've got a continuous improvement program where we're constantly driving, managing costs down. And I believe that that program and our approach to that is adequate. As we grow, we will manage the cost. But clearly, we expect to see tightness in pricing and more activity over time that all drives incrementals. 
Jeff Miller: Before we end the call, let me close with this. We are in the early innings of an unfolding multi-year upcycle that presents growth opportunities for Halliburton internationally and in North America. Those opportunities match Halliburton's unique customer-focused value proposition and our position as the only fully integrated energy services company in both international and North American markets. As this unfolds, we remain committed to driving returns and free cash flow for Halliburton shareholders. I'm optimistic about what lies ahead and look forward to speaking with you next quarter.  Shannon, please close out the call. 
Lance Loeffler: You're right. In the near term, we're focused on trimming our debt levels. I think that that focus – good example of that focus is what we plan to do this month or early next, actually, with the $500 million maturity that we have coming due, paying it down with cash. Look, I think we're getting to a point where we're continuing to strive to cut our debt levels and get back to that 2 times debt to EBITDA leverage ratio that we've talked about before. But I think we are getting to a point where we intend to return more cash to shareholders, whether in the form of a dividend or share repurchase, not willing to commit to that at this point. But it's certainly something that we think is an and type scenario. So, we continue to trim our level of debt and improve the level of cash that we send back to shareholders.
Lance Loeffler: Neil, I think it's a great question. And I think that we're going to continue to reevaluate what it means for us in the near term as we continue to grow into this recovery. We certainly believe that we need to improve those yields today on a dividend basis. But we're going to continue to look at and get comfortable with the forward free cash flow profile, what we think that this business, we believe, can generate in these out years that Jeff discussed. But, clearly, we believe it requires improvement from where we are today. 
Lance Loeffler: Look, Connor, I think it's less about cost savings structurally. I think it's more about volume of activity combined with price. So, it's volume, utilization and pricing improvement throughout the course of that journey that Jeff sort of outlined. 
