Jeff Miller: Thanks, Lance. Let me summarize what we've talked about today. We believe that this accelerating multi-year upcycle is different and more sustainable than prior cycles due to operators' focus on short-cycle barrels. Halliburton's strategic priorities are clear and effective and drive outperformance. Our technology portfolio and market presence mean that we are poised for profitable growth in the international markets. In the tight North America market, we remain focused on maximizing value and improving returns. And finally, I expect Halliburton to continue to deliver profitable growth, strong free cash flow and industry-leading returns in this up cycle. And now, let's open it up for questions.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Yes, I will do that. Look, I think the most important -- I mean, obviously, pushing price all of the time, so guidance to the sales force is literally -- this is the amount of equipment, we expect it to earn more. And the sold-out conditions make that a lot clearer, certainly, for our folks and I think for our customers as well. And I think the other key here is, though, it's a more iterative process and it continues to be iterative. By that, I mean, we've moved on price and we'll continue to move on prices. We work certainly this quarter, next quarter and through the year. And so, I expect to continue to move that direction with price. I think it is a bit of a sticker shock, because you're seeing inflation across the entire sector. So we've got inputs that are going up meaningfully. Our own costs are going up meaningfully, and we're outpacing those costs in terms of net pricing. And so, I would describe it, I think you're accurate. It's more around sticker shock. I described last quarter, we were moving around a little bit between customers as customers, sort of, felt around in the marketplace for what's out there, what's possible. And so, I think that, obviously, we plan to continue moving.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Look, Dave, I'm really excited about the outlook. And what I don't want to do is get in the business of refining a two-year outlook every quarter. But clearly, every quarter trajectory changes. And I'm very excited about those changes. And I think everything we see, including what you described as energy security, sets up a busier North America, clearly and strong growth internationally. And what's key is we're seeing them both at the same time. And that's -- it's something we really haven't seen in a very long time and sets up very well for certainly us.
Jeff Miller: Well, I think that what we see offshore generally today are tiebacks or development-type activity. But I think when I look further into the future, it's a combination of sort of ESG pressure is clearly one…
Jeff Miller: …capital returns, returns is another key element of that. And I don't think those are changing anytime soon. And so what I think we see is a marketplace that's going to have more optionality clearly for our clients. And in some respects, for us as well. I mean that's the approach we've taken sort of longer-term maximizing value in North America is a view that we are going to be where we need to be. But clearly, in places where we have optionality also, I think you see that in sort of CapEx spend. And I think that we've done -- everything I see, it just takes a long time to get those things underway and lots of money upfront, and I just don't really see over a longer period of time, like I don't know -- I want to give you a time, but a much longer period of time, could we see that creep back in? We probably could, but I don't see it in the viewfinder today.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think we're going to see building activity sooner than that. I think it builds throughout the balance of 2022 and then probably continues to get legs in 2023, likely beyond. I think the key is that $100 oil, everything is busy. And people want to be busy, but the question is, can they be busy? And what we've seen is really seven years of underinvestment around the entire world spending about half of what we used to spend. And that's not something that's overcome in a day or a year or – that just takes time to – to get momentum. And I talked there are clearly all of Middle East, not the same. Clearly, there are NOCs that take a very long view and will build into growing production over time. But that's not the case everywhere. Lot of activity for us, but I think – and we'll see that sooner. But I don't think that you see the real long cycle-type work. It's just going to take quite a bit of time.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. I think what's important, though, Chase, is that it's not the marginal fleet at the front edge of the curve, it's really the entire business that needs to get the recovery. And I think that's what we're in the process of doing. So does the leading edge makes sense, yes. But the fact is, as I described in my comments, an incremental fleet is not really the decision point here, it's the recovery of the whole business in order to generate free cash flow.
Jeff Miller: Well, a lot of that inflation that we see. It's -- and obviously, there's been a lot of inflation if we just look at the cost of inputs separate from our own, we've seen inputs ranging and cost increases from 20% to 100%, depending on what the item is. And so that weighs on it. Rig counts up 45% if we were to stop today, frac crews are up 20% if we were to stop today and the cost of each of those are more. And so look, I think really what we're seeing is public companies will stick -- are sticking with activity outlook. It's not necessarily increasing activity. And then with privates, we continue to see more activity and they keep growing. And so I think that operators all have different strategies and are very, very sharp around this. And so I expect that they will manage their business the way they plan to manage it, but there's just no question that when I see inflation and activity and clearly privates, to make clear, the private growth is an important part of that outlook. We just -- my view is that we've moved up from where we were a quarter ago.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I think it will be a constraint. I'm going to go back to my earlier remarks about a closed-loop system and terms of generating cash in order to build equipment and there’s a lot of equipment repair that needs to still happen or replacement in the marketplace. So I think that will be a constraint, labor and certainly equipment. And that's one of the reasons we take a very long view of fleet health, and we've got one of the healthiest fleets in the marketplace. But inside of our capital budget, we're always replacing aging equipment, and we're looking ahead today to 2023 and 2024 in terms of what that fleet composition needs to look like. So we're unique in that regard in terms of where we sit. But I do think that we don't -- I don't see capacity and I don't see meaningful capital to support any kind of build cycle at this point. Reality is this industry is still in recovery mode.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Well, if we look at the Q2, I mean, the way you described it, everything we're doing is driving better margins in C&P, whether it's the operating leverage in the business, moving on price, equipment is tight. I think the Q2 guide is -- puts us in that sort of range. Yes, there's a lot of inflation on other inputs to the business that we are recovering, but even recovering the cost of those other inputs will have a bit of a dilutive impact on overall margins, but that doesn't change the recovery for us and the speed and the momentum of that recovery. And so I feel very good about where we're going and expect incrementals to be at the high end of what a range would be as we move through this process.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Yes, look -- crazy to get into the strategy for different customers and where we are. But obviously, this is an iterative process, meaning it's not something we wait until next year to do again. It's something that we are doing sort of in real time on a very regular basis. And so I expect -- we're in a $100 oil environment here. And this is part of the cost of delivering $100 oil. And so, a healthy recovering industry, we will continue to iterate on price as we move through the year, not planning for next year.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Look, I think, Ian, that has to strengthen certainly in terms of activity, and I expect we'll see that in the important gas-producing countries internationally, we will see more of that activity and even likely in the US. But the fact is, there still are some important constraints in place around pipeline capacity and whatnot that is serving to keep some of that market constrained today. But look, our business in the gas basins is improving and is busy and really not too dissimilar from kind of the demand response or the activity response that we see from oil.
Jeff Miller: No, I think the sand is largely behind us. That was a good example of underinvestment in supply chain. And as it was turned back on, it had a lot of maintenance, lack of maintenance thereof, and we even participated with some of our vendors to help them get things back online and I believe that's largely behind us. Look, I think the important point here is this trend is moving up. We're going to see all sorts of things, but our guide accounts for sort of all of the things that we see. And I think that we are just in this place where we're going to continue seeing improvement sort of over whatever the labor bottlenecks happen to be, those are going to all be overcome consistently as we move through year and really beyond. I mean I think that we'll continue to power through all of that and continue to see solid incremental growth at margins.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think a lot of the same tightness discussion that we talk about in the US is similar internationally. It comes in smaller pockets generally because it's 70 countries as opposed to one. But we're seeing more tightness in tools, clearly in people, and I think that's what's driving extensions today. I described the increase in the number of extensions we are seeing at higher prices. That's a great sign. But that's really predicated on tightening markets and the importance of having services available. Equipment is getting tighter. New work is pricing better. It moves more slowly than the US, so it may be a little less pronounced, but I expect that, that continues to improve. The large tenders remain competitive, but the fact is they're soaking up noticeable equipment. And in fact, some of that tightness in the marketplace is creating opportunity for Halliburton.  There are a number of situations where, because of our supply chain and access to raw materials and products, we were able to supply when others could not. And so, I think that's a real -- that's the evidence that, that market is getting tighter. When we get a third call from a customer says, hey, do you have anything' and we're able to supply it, that's an indicator that the market is getting tighter.
Jeff Miller: No, I don't think so. I mean I think what we're going to just see is the lengthening of delivery times. Things take longer to deliver, and therefore, planning matters more than ever. Obviously planning on our part, but also planning on the parts of our customers. And again, it is creating opportunity for us. And I think along the way, the key here is, we can't and won't subsidize operators in this process. So, we've been very transparent in terms of the cost to acquire things, the timing to acquire things. And I think that, again, our supply chain organization is very sophisticated and it outperforms. And so, I put Halliburton right at the top of that when it comes to solving those kinds of shortages, bottlenecks, whatever it may be.
Jeff Miller: Well, we look at that returns on that equipment inside the time that we know it will work. And so, it much of that at all. Anything that we're doing, we've got line of sight to not only the initial project, but its full cycle return, and expect that to get returned in the life of that contract. I'd use eFleets as an example of that, where our view is, they have to make a return on capital and a return of capital inside of the time it goes -- its initial contract. And we view a lot of things that way. And so, I think just as operators sort of retain flexibility – budget flexibility around what they choose to do, we're doing the same.  And that's what allows us really in my view, to confidently drive profitable growth internationally, which D&E margins are an example of that, and then also maximize value in North America, which is our approach to North America is demonstrating that also. And so I really like our strategy very much, and I think it's very consistent with the kind of market that we see unfolding.
Jeff Miller: Look, I can't comment there. I mean, what I see is an industry broadly that has underperformed for a long time. And I know in our own case, for Halliburton, in order to reinvest in even replacement equipment, we need fundamentals that are better and returns that are higher in order to generate the cash back to my point around maximizing value in North America. We're only going to do that if the investment is produced by the equipment that is working in the marketplace. And so independent of what others are doing, that's what we are doing. And when I look across the marketplace, I see a whole industry that has largely suffered the same thing. And so that's just pure economics at work there.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. Thank you, Michelle. Look, before we end the call, let me just close with these comments. I am confident in my outlook on the strength of this market upcycle. And I expect Halliburton will deliver profitable growth, strong free cash flow and industry-leading returns as this upcycle accelerates. The pivot to short-cycle barrels only confirms this upcycle staying power. Look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Michelle, let's close out the call.
