Dave Lesar: Thanks Jeff, and let me summarize. As we predicted, the North America unconventional market has responded the quickest demonstrated by the increase in recent rig count activity. However, we continue to believe meaningful activity increases from our customers will not start until we see sustainable commodity prices above $50 per barrel. And while the international markets will take a little more time to rebound, we are maintaining our integrated global services footprint, managing costs and continuing to fight for market share. We expect to see the bottom for activity in this market to occur in the first half of 2017. In this global recovery, we expect cycle times to accelerate. I believe successful companies will be characterized by a lighter asset base, faster asset velocity and job side execution, all geared to respond quickly to deliver returns. So, to me, no matter what market is handed to us, Halliburton is well-positioned, and our dedication to execution gives me confidence that we will continue to outperform our peers. With that, let’s open it up for questions.
Dave Lesar: Let me take that one. I think as Jeff said, the frac calendar is full but my 20 years of being -- 20 years or so of being in-charge of this thing shows me that customers like to grab optionality in the fourth quarter by filling the frac calendar. And it doesn’t always come true that we utilize that work, and that calendar can get dumped pretty aggressively toward the end of the year, toward the end of the fourth quarter. So, we’re just cautioning people that we don’t know yet. It’s really up to our customers as to whether they’re going to go forward and turn the optionality into real work. And my experience has been some years it happens but most years they start to pull things off the calendar as the holidays get there. And you’ve got the added I think dimension this year, where the commodity price is, what they can buy -- are, they going to spend their money buying strips for next year, are they going to basically want to continue to use these high spec rigs in a sporadic way or just wait till next year where they can run them out on a pad and run them for 60, 80, 90, 100 days and get the efficiencies from them. So, we’re just trying to draw a little bit of caution out there that there’s probably more variables in this Q4 than typically there might be because we’re bouncing off the bottom at this point in time.
Dave Lesar: Clearly, our utilization has gone up quite dramatically as a part of this process and that was a large part of what helped the margins this quarter; we’re going to continue to work that formula here for the next quarter or so.
Dave Lesar: I mean slickwater is clearly harder on equipment and it’s something we ought to get paid for. Fortunately, the Q10s were designed to operate more effectively at the higher rates that are demanded by slickwater. So, we’re preferentially positioned around that. And I would also go further to say that today’s market is the mix bag of frac designs, So, we still see quite a bit of gel, some hybrid and yes certainly slickwater. But when I think about the longer-term future, where does it go, the key point is controlling the frac in our view. And that’s why we study chemistry. And we think that it’s not one size fits all; it’s actually what is the right size for that rock and that’s why we’re that focused on making better wells.
Dave Lesar: I think as we’ve said, it’s not a shift in strategy; it’s a continuation of a strategy where more continuation of a philosophy is that we’re returns driven first. And to the extent we can get by with less assets, we can variablize our asset base, then we are going to continue to do that and that’s really all it means. So, I don’t want anybody to read too much into this. It’s just a prioritization of returns and when you’re prioritizing returns first, the fewer assets you can do the same amount of work with, the better your returns are going to be, the better your margins are going to be. And that’s really where we are.
Dave Lesar: We take a look at every basin, every customer, every geography every day and make those decisions on a real time basis. It’s the benefit of having the market share we have, having the great customer base we have, having a great footprint that we have and allows us the optionality of making those decisions each and every day.
Dave Lesar: So, we’re not going to give specifics on the total capital invested or anything like that. But I would tell you that we’ve got transloading capabilities in all of the major basins that we feel like that we’ve got sufficient capital and resources to make sure that we can service our own business. It was purposely designed in a way that doesn’t meet 100% of our needs. That’s I’m talking about how you variablize your business. One of those things has been that we have tried to construct that in a manner that meets a significant portion of our transloading needs that allows us to also to be able to flex with the market, should the need arise. And so, we believe right now that it’s an important strategic asset. We’re going to continue to hold that but, I can’t tell you where or if. It’s just one of those things that like any other portion of our business, we will continually look at that, look at the returns that we earn off of that business, its relative importance to customers in the market and make evaluations as we get there.
Dave Lesar: I would just say, listen, our customers are smart, they see 2017 shaping up to be better and they’re going to try to lock in as much time and price as they can at this point in time. And it’s up to us to navigate our way through those requests and make sure that we -- we’re not only there to service them with the equipment they need but we’re there with a price that gives us the kind of returns we need to satisfy our own shareholders. So, it’s going to be a give-and-take but there’s certainly some of that going on right now.
Jeff Miller: Pricing is still, yes, I’ll describe it overall as a brawl. As I said, we’re always pushing on pricing. We’re seeing small increases in different basins, but where we’re most focused around those customers with whom to collaborate the best. And I’ve always said that the tightening of utilization was a critical first step and we are beginning to see that. We’re also moving away in some cases from work where we don’t see a similar clear path to returns.
Jeff Miller: Spot on James, I mean the equipment’s got to make returns. And in my view this does require step up in price. And so for that reason, we don’t have current plans to have or start to the market. I would expect the next round of investment broadly to drive better discipline related to returns.
Jeff Miller: We’re focused on everything that drives returns. And in my view, the shorter cycles are really closer to our value preposition, which is execution and the last mile. And so for example, it’s not vertical integration for the sake of integration and it’s not -- and it’s variabilizing everything that makes sense to variabilizing our business. So, then therefore, we’re improving margins through better utilization and obviously pricing. Velocity, as we come out of this will be more important than ever and we continue to do things that drive that velocity in all parts of our business. And we clearly believe this is how we drive leading industry returns.
Jeff Miller: Well, we see -- as we talked about Q4, I mean at this point, the board is full. But we’re not clear whether that’s customer optionality or not. History would say, we slow down in the holidays. That would push more work into the first part of next year. But again that part of the market is not as clear at this point in time. So, we are going to manage our cost and manage our businesses. We look at that to keep the structural cost and savings in place and be absolutely positioned for when the recovery happens or where that happens.
Jeff Miller: Look, we are seeing a move towards shorter spacing on the stages which ultimately drives more stages, and this will drive more service intensity for us. More stages means more plugs, means more perfs, earns more sand. So, you get the point but just don’t forget that the most important thing is making a better well, ultimately which involves stimulating more rock. And so, I would say that the precise placement of the sand is probably the most important thing. And that’s where we spend our time is optimal frac design and placement and really further precisely why we focus so much around sub surface inside, and ultimately how to make a better well.
Jeff Miller: I would say that what’s right is what’s right for the rock. And I think you’re seeing that moving into Permian basin, probably less so in another places, so constantly trying new ways to again get more sand in the right place as opposed to just more sand.
Jeff Miller: Yes. What I would do is let’s go back to kind of a margin progression for the business and in my view it’s a path back rather than a dramatic job. And so, as we said, certain things have to happen around equipment tightening and attrition and it starts with making positive operating income then returning the cost to capital, and then pushing for industry leading returns. Clearly, we’re starting from a lower base, but the formula is very much the same and it’s the formula that we know.
Jeff Miller: Bill, I was just going to say the follow-on, you also recognize we saw little bit in Q3 that as we try to improve our margins and returns on this, we are in some cases letting some bad contracts go, things that don’t work for us making money in order to improve the utilization and profitability on others. And so, it may not necessarily follow directly with the rig count to get out….
Jeff Miller: We like our footprint around the world and I think deepwater certainly has important role to play. It’s clearly the most stressed today and that’s partly just because as we collaborate and look at ways to lower the cost per BOE that they just don’t get as many add backs. Clearly, it’s structurally disadvantaged because of duration which gets to not only the time value of money but also the speed with which those barrels meet demand requirements. All of that said, still believe it has an important role. And we know how to flex the cost around those facilities but I will tell you keeping that footprint in place is something we will do. Again, I have described our value preposition around last mile execution. That means you have to be present to win, and we plan to be present.
Jeff Miller: It’s always important to remember that Halliburton operates in every basin across the whole of North America. And what’s happening just in the Midland or Delaware, in the Permian isn’t -- every basin, every rock is different. And so, we go to market where the customer needs to get the best well in those markets. And so, it will be -- we’re uniquely positioned to get the best out of our equipment and of our projects.
Jeff Miller: Jim, the rigs that we’re seeing, as you describe them are probably less service intensive and they have also tended to be less about big new capital programs and more around -- and what we’ve seen has been more around repairing or trying to sustain a bit of production, which looks and feels quite a bit different. I fully believe tough that this comes right over the next period of time because, again where we can do engage is when they start to make the bigger decisions around how to design fracs where we are going to be positioned and getting up to sort of full speed and full velocity. That’s when our assets work the hardest and that’s where we’re the most efficient. And again part of being, as Dave said around asset light is not -- is velocity as much as it is anything else. And so, we’re drilling long horizontals and we’re full on. That’s where we absolutely are best.
Jeff Miller: The international business traditionally lags North America by six to nine months. So, that’s just sort of broadly across all of the markets in terms of activity. And we’re continuing to see and if you look at sort of geographically outside of the resilience in the Middle East business, there’s been a substantial decline in activity commensurate with the commodities. And certainly Latin America’s had historical low; Asia Pacific is down in some ways as much as 50% in terms of rig count that we see in the marketplace. And so, and I think that that continues into kind of the first part of next year and there is obviously the resetting budgets with the national oil companies and a lot of things that conspire to slow that down. So certainly not clear but we expect consistent with sort of our outlook that middle of next year’s where we start to see that repairing.
Jeff Miller: Permian basin is the most competitive basin in North America today, the majority of the rig adds were in the Permian basin, quite a mix of customers that added rigs doing a variety of things as we’ve already talked about some vertical wells, some proving up acreage, just a range of activity. Starting from a smaller base and other parts of the country, are we seeing some pick up, yes in the rig count and that’s part of the reason we stay engaged in all parts of the market. So, I think that Permian from an activity standpoint will be busy but again, it’s a highly supplied marketplace as well.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I mean, our strategy is clear that we want to be in the business and we want to be in the business in a full service way in all of the markets.
Jeff Miller: Look I don’t see -- I don’t see any limitations currently. There are always parts of that chain that we’re working on how to improve, how to make better, but ultimately we’re able to overcome those sorts of things pretty consistently and as we’ve demonstrated in the past, we’ve led and how we’ve resolved those types of opportunities in market so. And I think to the extent the Permian continues to strengthen, those investments will be made where required.
Jeff Miller: Historically, we would see a trough following, the trough in rigs was followed by a trough in margins. And so in my view, we’ve actually accelerated that and a lot of that on the back of the cost reductions and the structural cost moves that we’ve made, which we’ve always said, we wouldn’t see the real benefit of those until we saw some sort of bottom. And so, we’re seeing that. And so in some ways, we’re moving more quickly than we would expect it. 
Jeff Miller: Yes. We’re obviously seeing some increase in that in terms of both terms and size. Obviously, we’re not going to comment on strategy at this point in time, but we manage through kind of the optionality and manage our entire portfolio.
Jeff Miller: Thank you, Shannon. And I’d like wrap up the call with just a couple of key points. First, North America unconventional market has a predicted recovered, first, and should continue to strengthen in a plus $50 oil price environment. Secondly, Halliburton strategy is directly pointed at the most important part of the market and collaborating and engineering solutions to maximize asset value for our customers. This along with our customer relationships, geographic footprint and service quality positions Halliburton outperform in the recovery. Now, thank you and I look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Mark McCollum: This is Mark. I think our general view is that Q1 is going to be better, right. And the customers are engaging but the amount -- how much better it’s going to be is still going to be highly dependent on what the commodity price is going into the first part of next year. So, we think we’re clearly on a path for recovery.
Mark McCollum: I think that we’ve never finished in terms of reviewing our overall structural costs. Jeff made the comment earlier about variabalizing costs. And I think there are some things that we haven’t necessarily always thought of as structural. They are -- they would be variable in a definition of how we would typically look at them. But when we talk about variabalizing those, we’re talking about possibly looking at do lease versus buy; do we turn the depreciation charge into a lease charge; do we rent versus own; what can we do to continue to try to increasingly create optionality in our business, so that we can flex with the market overall but more importantly flex with our customers, to making sure as they continue to evaluate, how they want to do their wells or where they want to do their wells that we can move with them and be as nimble as possible. So, I think that we’re going to go into next year. Jeff alluded to this, even though we believe the year will be better, we’re going to plan very aggressively flat in terms of our structural cost. And even planning flat requires the organization to continue to really focus on what can we do from a continuous improvement standpoint to continue to drive that cost. I believe you’re never done, and we’re going to continue to go forward.
Mark McCollum: We’re definitely going to need some price to back toward the historic margins that we’ve had in the past and historic returns. But the first order of business is to get capacity tightened up in the market. We believe the activity levels in the Permian and others all are serving to work equip harder, it’s going to tighten up equipment faster and we’re starting to see price against the edges and we’ll continue to drive that forward as we hold the line of cost and it’s -- we’re going to get there. The model is the same and we’ve just got to execute.
Mark McCollum: I think we’ll start seeing pricing earlier than that. I mean we’re working on it every day with every customer and the fringes -- and it’ll be probably a slow march forward initially until things tighten up and then begin to accelerate. And hopefully we’re going to be pushing this hard as we can to get back to 20% as quick as we can.
Mark McCollum: Well, I guess we’re in a unique point in the market right now where we are setting up with -- we’ve got choice because we have market share. And so, as we go through that, it’s not one way or the other necessarily, it’s all about where we see the path to profitability, those clients that utilize what we do best in the best way so that is mutually beneficial for both of us. So, it’s not as clear as one or the other by any means, particularly as we work through this part of the market. What I really like is where we’re positioned. And as I’ve said, we’re not going to add equipment until we see clearly better returns, and I think that’s going to be prohibited to others to add equipment until the price moves where it needs to be.
Mark McCollum: So, yes, we do buy sand for our customers account and that that’s on the ticket. We bill -- we in a typical market, we would bill that sand with the margin that’s designed to recover the cost of the delivery. We do the delivery; we take it to mine; we move it by rail through transloading and essentially then arrange logistics to move the last mile to the well site. So, we don’t articulate all that cost out but the margin is designed to recover that cost and put it in line with the other margins that we have across the pumping and other service side of our business. Obviously, what’s happening right now is we’re not earning a margin on a lot of that business, I mean in some cases we may. But the practical reality when you’re negative in North America and particularly on the pressure pumping side, you’re not making money on the sand. I mean, you can look at it as right now we’re buying sand for our customers account. And that’s not a sustainable practice. And so that’s a large part of what we’re trying to repair. But, we do believe that our ability -- the scale of the operation that we have, the amount of sand that we move, the quality and the efficiency of the transloading operation and we provide a significant value add to our customers. We can make sure that arise on time and quantity. When the supplies get tight, our logistics get complex, they don’t have to worry about working with Halliburton to get it there. And we’re never waiting on sand…
Mark McCollum: I think that we don’t really have a lot of visibility from customers yet. The first quarter will be down seasonally as usually in North Sea and Russia that has the largest impacts and then to a lesser extent in Latin America you’ll have some delays as NOCs reset their budgets and then begin to work. But I think that veracity of the -- once we hit the bottom in international in early part of the next year, the veracity of any recovery is going to be based on what the commodity price outlook gives at that point in time.
Mark McCollum: At some point, they will go higher. And it’s usually a progression, right now coming off of bottom, there is still -- we’re fighting every day for some level of pricing and trying to get crews above water. When you have crews below water, it creates some level of stress on your incrementals. And it’s not consistent. Crews -- crew one month could be doing fine, the next month, based on customer choices about working or downtime, maintenance whatever else could go under water. So, until you get everybody consistently above water, the incrementals stay a little bit choppy, but they’ve moved up from what we were expecting. And as a result of the utilization we’re getting, we’re now sort of seeing in that 35% to 40% and making go higher from there.
Mark McCollum: Yes. And I would just add one more thing and it continues to be -- the comment was on incremental margins for the fourth quarter for North America. And as we said earlier, we’re continuing to factor in some downtime over the holidays, which means your revenues go away but your costs don’t, and that clearly has an impact on your incremental margins at that point in time. But all of that being said and as we said in the call, we said in the release, things are getting better in North America. And I think if you take something away from this call, it’s that thought, not the sort of tactical things we have to do day-to-day to work our way through the quarter.
