Jeff Miller: Look, I'm really excited about international growth. I think I said in my call, north of 15%, which clearly, I expect it will be north of that and should continue actually to expand, I think, over the next few years just because we will -- it takes longer to get traction internationally, get things contracted. And so really excited about what we see. With our international business being about half of our business today, that indicate or demonstrates that we have strong footprint sort of everywhere where we think it's important and our technology, as I described, rolling out. So clearly, it's got strong application in the Middle East and Latin America, which we kind of saw this year but it's the same technology that's applicable in all corners of the world. And so I think we're early in the rollout a lot of this technology and that's only going to help strengthen our international business. As we see activity grow, I expect our share of that to grow and improve margins as we focus on profitable international growth.
Jeff Miller: Look, North America is going to, in my view, will surprise to the upside. Our outlook is north of 15% growth. Clearly, we outpaced that last year and that's what I said last year. I don't have any clients that are not -- that are -- that plan to get smaller, they all plan to grow. And I think that North America has a dynamic of the more -- the more you grow, the more the market has to work in order to maintain even the growth given decline curves. And so I expect we see increased service intensity throughout '23 and likely beyond, the market is extremely tight for frac equipment and the supply chain still backed up. And so I don't see -- I see discipline in the marketplace and more importantly, I see sort of required discipline based on equipment being unavailable. So the more activity we see then ultimately, the more price we will see. And so I am very positive on '23 North America. So I think the the concerns are misplaced and rig count likely moves up actually as DUCs get blown down.
Jeff Miller: Look, we're better positioned than we've ever been as Halliburton, both from a technology perspective that I described examples of that. But clearly, that's not all of the technology we've got in the market today and from a footprint standpoint. So a lot of that build out was done prior cycles, it's still there and ready to go. So I feel very good about our geographic footprint, our technology advancement that we've made and our team. I mean we've just got an exceptionally strong team today internationally. So I feel very confident certainly from that perspective. And when we look at where our business is, offshore is good for us. I think that about 40% of our international business is offshore today. And so that's a good market for us. And I think another nuance as we look out into next year, certainly and likely beyond, is the sort of emphasis on development activity as opposed to exploration that maybe we've seen in prior cycles. And I think that's very consistent with where operators are from a capital discipline standpoint and just producing more barrels sooner, which leads us to development. And that is a place where we have leading positions in a number of the service lines that allow that to happen, so meaning drilling fluids, completion tools. And so I think this is going to be a great even better market for Halliburton.
Jeff Miller: Well, I expect that within sort of expectations -- within sort of capital discipline levels, I expect growth is really the only path for most of these companies. And commodity price very supportive, the international growth, very, very difficult, and shrink, not really an option. So I think that we'll see increased -- initially increased service intensity, that's the first step and that clearly we benefit from increasing service intensity. The second, if we want to go out 10 years, that's a bet against technology and that's not a bet I'm willing to make. I mean, in fact, I'm very confident in what technology will do. There is a lot of oil in North America and we're already seeing the impact of work harder producing more barrels. And then also that's one of the reasons as Halliburton the SmartFleet, as an example, I talk about it a lot, but that's one of the tools that operators can take. I expect over time and start to solve how to make more barrels and more productivity. And so as we invest a lot of R&D dollars into North America, we're kind of unique in that fashion and we try to put those dollars into what we think are most impactful. So it's not a bigger X or a smaller Y but more a function of what is the technology that I think and the company thinks will really unlock productivity over time. And I think those kind of tools in the hands of our operators, I mean, they are incredibly competitive, smart, technically deep. And I think it's more a matter of getting tools in their hands to allow them to unlock what 10 years down the road looks like.
Jeff Miller: Well, I don't think you have one without the other, James, but I would expect -- my view is service quality and having equipment, quality equipment, is more and more important every day, that ultimately drives prices well. We spend a lot of time focused on how we execute and deliver service quality and our service quality feel very good. And so we are a beneficiary of that. As the market gets tighter, they start to get to the -- the market starts to pull equipment out, but I expect that sort of where we are, we've got a very good equipment portfolio and technology that we're bringing to the market and all of that certainly benefits us.
Jeff Miller: Let me just add to that as well. I mean I think the -- no surprises from us, our outlook on M&A hasn't changed, and it will stay that way. As we look at the capital allocation, we also want to continue, as Eric mentioned, opportunistically take out debt. We don't want to be sloppy about it, but kind of in the current market that we see, we have the opportunities to do things that are -- that make returns for the company, but we want to be crystal clear around what our minimum return was. It's clearly -- we'll work through that. But I would expect that by setting that minimum, I think it gives clarity to the marketplace that we will only do things that we believe add meaningful returns to the company.
Jeff Miller: When we did that a couple of years ago, when we looked at published estimates, clearly, we thought they were too low. And so we've made some clear commentary and an effort to correct that. Now as we look at the published REIT estimates today, they seem about right. And so I don't want to try to continue to do that over and over. And what I am is super excited about our outlook. Margins from here are up, revenue is up. I'm as confident in our outlook and our business as I have ever been. But I just want to be clear, in Q2 of '21, we wanted to be clear that we were pointing out what we felt was missing in the future Street estimates. And today, as I said, I think published Street estimates today are about right for the years ahead, both top line and profitability.
Jeff Miller: Well, I would just start with the underinvestment that we've seen for the last roughly eight years and really haven't caught up with that. And so if I just look broadly at kind of reserve replacement and availability, that portends a lot of years of recovery and we're in the early stages of that in a lot of ways. It takes time to get international projects up underway, a lot has to be renegotiated with different partners. And so I think that what we see building is the tender backlog and these are tender backlogs that go beyond a year, well beyond a year and that's consistent with sort of the slower recovery in spend that we typically see internationally. But I'm confident that that's basically what's required to recover and produce enough oil to meet demand. Beyond that, specifically dialog with customers, target set by countries, outlooks that nearly all international countries that produce oil have targets that are certainly above where they are today, less clarity about how they get there, which actually really does indicate more service intensity in terms of how they get there, which is more activity certainly for us.
Jeff Miller: Look, I don't see that in our business today at any level of equipment. In fact, all equipment is called for. Clearly, we have a strong environmentally -- a low emissions fleet as well that's probably at the higher end of price deck. But even at the bottom end of the price deck, our equipment -- we've systematically replaced equipment over time. And so we're really pleased with the fleet that we have and even a Tier 2 dual fuel equipment is in demand, most certainly. But what I'm most impressed with actually is sort of the strong market pull that we see around our e-fleets. We've got strong customer demand and especially I'm seeing repeat customers, which is terrific, where it's not one but two to the same customer are all fully contracted. And I think that's just an indication of the strength of our technology, it's proven, proven technology. I believe it's a better mousetrap. And quite frankly, we have a very strong IP portfolio and I think that is going to continue to be important.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think it's sort of like everything is pointing at busier '23 than '22. That comes in the form of tender pipeline, that comes in form of sort of backlog increasing, product backlog that we've seen strengthened throughout the year and all of that sort of point -- I mean all of it points to '23, maybe even into '24. Discussions with customers, sort of the intensity of customers, view of staying busy and producing more barrels sooner rather than later. It's a very favorable market. And so it just gives me a lot of confidence in the outlook for '23 and particularly from our standpoint where we sit with technology and our global footprint.
Jeff Miller: Yes, I don't see anything that slows things down. Are there things that have extended lead times today, we're still working through some of that. But I don't think anything meaningful gets in the way of getting started. I think we still see inflation in the marketplace. So that's one of the ways that we saw for getting things. But I don't think that it's going to be a headwind necessarily. We're starting to see rigs come back. There will be a lot of work around getting those ready in some places. But clearly, motivated customers and there will be some -- as I said, some inflation to get all of that done, but I don't see those as headwinds.
Jeff Miller: Look, no, we've got everything as spoken for in '23, whether replacement or not, I think over time, e-fleets, replace fleets, but they don't do it initially. And so there'll be some period of time where fleets take the place of legacy fleets, but that's not what we see in ‘23, we see everything busy in '23.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think that I've always said, we've invested in technology and D&E in a meaningful way. We expect those margins to continue to move up. As you just mentioned, they have consistently moved up and that's on the back of technology and footprint and where we are, and I expect that trajectory to continue beyond where we are today or where we were last cycle. And so the outlook would be to continue to stack year-on-year quarters that are better than the last year. And so I have a lot of confidence in our outlook for D&E where they could go '23 and beyond.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think the market is certainly undersupplied today. And I think that attrition is happening every day even if it doesn't happen necessarily at the fleet level, but it does happen at the unit level. And part of the way that got solved in 2022 was through industry consolidation. So that's one method of dealing with attrition is bringing in more inventory and equipment. And then the other, as I look out throughout the year, all of '23, I mean, half the capacity additions that we've heard about are electric. And I think what's being realized in the field is electric is harder to do than it looks. And from our perspective, we have proven technology, we have technology with a track record, and we have a very strong IP portfolio around frac. And so I think that combination gives me a lot of confidence, a, in where we are and also that the market won't be oversupplied.
Jeff Miller: No, I don't see any change there. when I think about sand -- you're talking about sand, and when I think about sand, we've got very good suppliers in the sand business. We work well with them. And then I think about competitive advantage, I mean, real competitive advantage. What are things that we do to create competitive advantage. And we want to spend our dollars on things where we do have clear competitive advantage, which is in this case, pumping technology and then drilling technology, software, things where we clearly have competitive advantage. I view sand clearly as an input, it's an important input, we need access to it but at the same time, don't want to overinvest in that part of the business.
Jeff Miller: Thank you, Catherine. As we close out today's call, let me just close out with this. In this strong market for oilfield services, I am confident that Halliburton will execute on its strategic priorities and deliver financial outperformance. I look forward to speaking with you next quarter. You can close out the call.
Eric Carre: So I mean, broadly speaking, we're looking at the cash generation profile in 2023 as being fairly similar to 2022. So quite a bit weighted toward the back half of the year. Looking at things overall, I mean, the big buckets, obviously, we'll see significantly increased net income driven by growth in our revenue, improvements in our margins. On the CapEx side of things, we finished 2022 on the low end of our range of 5% to 6%. We were at 5%. When I look at '23, we will be at the higher end of that range, primarily driven by supply chain constraints and extended lead time in our supply chain that we talked about on prior calls. And the third element in terms of working capital, again, our business will continue to grow, so we will continue to see some headwinds in terms of working capital essentially and also the impact of growing internationally, which tends to be more bigger consumers of working capital than when we grow our business in North America. So the way all of that is going to land is a little north of 20% growth in terms of free cash flow over our 2022 performance.
Eric Carre: I think your view is correct, yes. And the 50%, I mean, there's nothing magic in the 50% per se. We think that it's a number that gives some level of certainty in terms of what we're going to return to shareholders while giving us a lot of optionality to continue to invest in our business, to continue to make bolt-on acquisition or to make acquisitions that are complementary to our product line business. And also give us optionality over the next few years to continue to work on strengthening our balance sheet.
Eric Carre: So let me start with M&A maybe. So our philosophy there is extremely focused on adding technology. So it's a bit of a build versus buy approach to complementing our technology budget. It is a bit opportunistic at time depending on what's available and the opportunities that we have. Over the years, we've also invested in complements like smaller businesses that we can easily add to existing product lines. So that's kind of the general view that we have on technology. From an overall strategy standpoint, and I'll let Jeff jump in. But we are where we need to be in terms of the businesses we want to compete in at this stage. So going to the other part of your question, Neil, around buybacks. So I'm not going to go into a lot of details, but generally speaking, we look at buybacks as being level loaded through 2023, which will obviously top off in terms -- in order to make sure that we meet our overall target of 50% or more. So we're thinking about buybacks really as a mechanism to return cash to shareholders. We're not really trying to trade in our shares.
