Dave Lesar: Okay. I know a lot of people were dialing in late, so let me give you a quick summary of what we said today. The North America based on improving activity levels in Canada and the Gulf and continued efficiency gains for U.S. land, we expect margins to continue to improve for the balance of the year. As Mark said, in Latin America, we feel confident that revenue and margins can improve in the second half with margins approaching the mid-teens in the third quarter. For the Eastern Hemisphere, our outlook remains unchanged. For the full year we expect revenue growth in the mid-teens with margins in the upper teens. And our aggressive buybacks in the second quarter and the increase to our repurchase authorization clearly demonstrate our growing confidence we have in the strength of our entire business outlook. And finally, we have been and will continue to be relentlessly focused on delivering best-in-class returns. So with that let’s open it up for questions.
Dave Lesar: I think, Bill, we have always said that we see no reason that in a reasonably robust gas market that we should not be able to achieve normalized margins. And for us normalized margins would be in the mid-20s. And so obviously we’re going to need help in gas from the gas market. But with the liquids market, I think underpinning sort of how low margins can go and you add to that the efficiencies that we see going on with respect to what we’re going to get out of Battle Red and Frac of the Future. I can see a path there. And as I said, we’re going to have to get a little help from gas. And obviously as we go forward into the balance of the year, so we’ll get some help from Canada.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Thanks Angie. A lot of that still on the back of what we’ve seen in Asia, I mean, we really come on strong in Asia. We’ve seen the kind of growth throughout the region and have no reason to believe that fairly database. Key contract, I mean, last year we’re seeing those get started and grow into their -- grow into the types of margins we were expecting out of those and then we follow those up with few more rents.
Dave Lesar: I think when we initially made that forecast our expectations about rig count growth for the year, Angie, were a bit higher and as you get, as you heard, we’re moderating that a bit and sort of assuming that we’re going over flat rig count. Efficiency levels run higher, rig count lower, I think the combination of both sort of says it probably have a little bit more of, a little longer overhang in this pressure pumping market.
Dave Lesar: Lot of that is Canada, that’s a good D&E market for us and obviously with the rig count and breakup slowdown, we feel that more or so have we seen some pricing pressure there. There has been some pricing pressure in those other service lines. But again the efficiency of the drilling activity [taken that out]. It’s the again primarily Canada.
Dave Lesar: Yes, we did. I mean we had a bit of an impact from that. The weather never helps us through the spring in that market and even in Canada there was the follow-up to breakup with the flooding that happened in Calgary. So it was [better this spring] throughout that area. We certainly don’t expect that to repeat in the second half.
Dave Lesar: So let me clarify in terms of the discussions we're having with clients, better wells are still very important. And so that plays to our strength in terms of designing, custom chemistry for the best production, the sub-surface insight that allows us to design the best producing wells. So those continue. But as we said we continue to see some pricing pressure certainly variable across different basins. So I guess the pricing pressure doesn't go away as long as there is the overhang out there of excess equipment. But I think our technical ability to sell into those contracts is still very good.
Dave Lesar: Well, I think, James, a couple of reasons. One is that the price in some of these tenders in the international markets is still so large in terms of revenue stream and duration that everyone tends to sharpen their pencil when they tender and price these things. And number two, the ones that were tendered and launched several years ago all had upsell and new technology strategies in them all of which take a while to work their way through. So as I've said, at this point in time, I think our focus is on increasing margins through better utilization, more efficiency, we've not seen a pricing inflection point even with increased spending because customers are really pretty much taking us slow and steady in terms of their increase and typically slow and steady doesn’t lend itself to a major pricing inflection point because all of a sudden a lot of capacity is stripped out in the market. So as I said, the international market is playing out almost exactly as we saw it and we believe we’ve got a pretty good handle on what's going to happen over the next couple of quarters.
Dave Lesar: I think, Kurt, Jeff was responding to a question specifically on why the, our Europe, Africa, Russia operation was improving its margins and I think discussion on Norway, Continental Europe, North Sea was reflective of that. If you sort of pull all the way back in terms of the Eastern Hemisphere, even though we are proud of our operation in Europe, Africa, CIS, the action really is in the Middle East and Asia right now. And so our Middle East operations will continue to expand. We are really happy with what we have going in Saudi, our operations in Iraq have stabilized. And then as Jeff has mentioned, almost all the way across Asia, we are seeing great success. So, we are really happy with our Eastern Hemisphere portfolio right now. We haven’t mentioned some of the African countries but they continue to do better. So, overall, I think that across the Board we are happy with where we are in Eastern Hemisphere just a summer driving forward a little bit faster.
Dave Lesar: It’s neutral now. In fact it was breakeven last quarter, slightly profitable, it’s more profitable this quarter. We are little positive on the outlook for Iraq, take it will be little slower and more measured as we go forward, but certainly more profitable.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. The -- obviously it’s not going and hitting on all cylinders at this point in time. The customers have dialed back a little bit. One of the big issues we have is because of the concerns the government have, the ability to move around in the desert has been somewhat hampered, especially the ability to move explosives around and obviously, explosives are key to our business in terms of completing the wells. And so, that’s just made the logistics of doing our operations there a little bit more difficult. But it hasn’t been shutdown but it clearly has been ratcheted back and obviously when you ratchet back and the revenue and add a logistical cost, it really starts to impact your margins more than it impacts your revenue.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. We have actually very, very few expects in place like Egypt. But we have maintained our crew, that’s correct.
Dave Lesar: Yeah Doug, that’s the right pace. We expect to be by ‘15 at about half. But what I would say is castings that we’re doing this sort of ratably as the market allows and as equipment as they’re taken outside the U.S., equipment retirements occur. But we have continued to retire equipment in order to get the equipment into the field. So that’s the right pace, kind of in the five to six year pace, but that would to a certain degree be limited by market. And we wouldn’t get over our skies if the market didn’t allow it.
Dave Lesar: Very quickly. I mean that’s, my reference to our manufacturing capability allows us really to turn more quickly than probably anyone in the marketplace around bringing equipment forward. So we would love to have the opportunity to do that.
Dave Lesar: The margins are better on the back -- the number of turns we get on the equipment. So if we’re rigged up on a single location, we have even particular equipment that allows us to move from well to well without having to move the equipment at all. So if we think in terms of start to finish or time between wells, we are just working more on a pad and the larger the pad, the more we work as opposed to rigging down and moving away to somewhere else.
Dave Lesar: Yes, on a state count basis, we’re seeing an improvement. So we’re back kind of consistent with what we saw middle of late last -- middle of sort of third quarter of last year. So I mean we are seeing the activity rebound.
Dave Lesar: Well, we’ll start with returns first. So everything which is in this business is around returns and so as long as we are happy with our returns and we are getting equipments to work, we wouldn't take share at the expense of returns. I really don't know that, I mean, with -- on the back of the things that we are dealing with Battle Red and Frac of the Future, I don't see those few things as mutually explosive. Some of the systemic things we are doing allow us to grow share even with the equipment we have or with the same level of equipment that we have.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. The cost per barrel or the fee-per-barrel is really the smaller piece of that type of project. Really, it’s a situation where we provide services into the project and then earn cost of recovery to get paid at what we believe are certainly accretive margins to our business. I think the interest by others, I can't say what others were necessarily interested in or not, but I would say that this is very difficult work. It takes a lot of reservoir inside in order to determine which field and how to produce over time and a full suite of services that it takes to do all of that work. So, we won that -- the Humapa that we won, we are really comfortable with where we are and really the last thing that prevents broad group to really enter that is quite frankly the capital over those processes required to embark on these types of things.
Dave Lesar: Well, it could be both. I think that a combination over describing our all of the integrated drilling, not like the incentivized rounds that we just finished talking about but drilling wells for [four p-max] and a lump sum type fashion and those range from some more simple to some that are actually quite complex. So I think we’ll see competitive -- it will be competitive just given the size of the activity. But the type of technology required I do think will be important as those projects are with.
Mark McCollum: Yeah. I think we’re still kind of at a leading edge, Jim, with respect to the amount we’ve had drilling in fact anecdotally when we talk to operators, they would describe what’s been done until now as drilling holed and arguably better exploration, even some really big operators have said that they were waiting to really go for a long development. So we’ve seen upper single-digit type improvement in terms of efficiency even in the current year that’s on the back of double-digit efficiency gain last year. So, yeah, I expect there is still headroom to grow around that scenario.
Mark McCollum: I think that timeline is beginning to push out just a little bit, that’s on the back of what we’ve seen in terms of the overhang that’s still there, though the thesis we stay with in terms of sort of the longer things go, cannibalization starts to occur of equipment in the market. So I still believe there is the ability to consume the overhang readably overtime, but don’t see that as necessarily a Q1 ’14 event.
Mark McCollum: That’s a great question. We had 917 million shares outstanding at the end of the quarter. The part -- when you try to do the averaging to the quarter, right, most of the billion dollar, share buyback happened in May and June, and so the averaging effect had a little bit different effect.
Mark McCollum: Yeah. I think there are two things to consider, Scott, one is that with pad drilling in the efficiencies that our equipment is working today. As we look at it, you are creating effective utilizable space on a calendar, as we work faster and more efficiently. The second thing, which is I think, unique to Halliburton, remember we are retiring equipment as we roll out our Frac of the Future. But that equipment was working today, still viable equipment and right now because we don’t see the need for excess equipment, we’re parking it possibly destining that equipment for our international operations along the way. But, if the right opportunity presents itself along the way, we have the ability to redeploy some of that equipment back into the U.S. market or not pull it out of service in order to capture share, while we see that we have an opportunity to continue to give very good returns and work for the right customers and the right basins with the right technologies.
Jeff Tillery - Tudor Pickering: The discussion around Q3 North American outlook top line growth being driven Canada and Gulf of Mexico coming back, but you had implied that the U.S. land business kind of trajectory into the course of Q2 is pretty flattish. Is that correct? And I guess, one of my questions.
Jeff Tillery - Tudor Pickering: I guess so was that improvement April through June that was better than the March [through May]? I guess it was around…
Jeff Tillery - Tudor Pickering: Then another question I had is just around Latin America. So in this, we see the revenue improvement in the second half of the year, if that was to kind of bounds around what's reasonable, is it fair to think kind of low side case of revenue growth of 5%...
