David J. Lesar: Thanks, Jeff. To sum things up, this is a damn tough market, one of the toughest ones that I have ever been through. And I don't believe anyone on the call can accurately predict when commodity prices will rebound and rig counts will recover in the U.S. or the international markets, and neither can I. What I do believe is that when the recovery occurs, North America will offer the greatest upside and that Halliburton will be the best positioned to lead the way. We are pleased with the progress of the proposed Baker Hughes acquisition and are working diligently to close this transaction before the end of the year. Looking ahead, whatever shape you think the recovery will take, we have the products, the technology and the management expertise to outperform the market. We have demonstrated this during the previous cycles and have no reason to believe that this cycle will be any different. As we have said, our customers are smart, responsive and adaptable, and we are already seeing that by working together, we can figure out a way to have both of us earn returns for our shareholders even in this challenged commodity market. With that, let's open it up for questions.
David J. Lesar: No, I think the – certainly, it's not going to pop back up to where it was even a year ago today. It'll normalize in an incremental fashion, and it's going to be a combination essentially of pricing increases, equalization or equilibrium in terms of equipment across the board, and also allowing the input costs to continue to catch up with where we are. So it's going to be a lot of blocking and tackling, and it's just going to go step-by-step.
David J. Lesar: Yeah, Bill, (41:23) questions in there. Let me try to synthesize an answer sort of one at a time. Think about what a service company brings to the table is sort of the people, process and technology. And what we're looking for is sort of revenues and margins today. What a BlackRock brings to the table is they're looking for an income tail that goes out a number of years. So in my view, it sort of dovetails together very nicely. To specifically answer your question, yes, we believe in our technology, we believe in the refrac market going forward, and we believe that we can make a difference. And so we would leverage our balance sheet to ramp that part of the business up. But what BlackRock gives us is an ability to lever beyond that, look at additional ways of doing business with our customers, different business models, push beyond where we have been today or where we might be going in the future. But we're not going to lay those out for you here on the call because I think those discussions are going to be with specific customers in specific circumstances and will remain confidential between us.
David J. Lesar: No, we're not targeting marginal assets here. We're targeting good sets of assets that for whatever reasons are not being able to get accessed by our customer base today.
David J. Lesar: Yeah, and I would say just one additional thing is although the rig count has been decimated this year, the rigs that are running today, keep in mind, are the most efficient rigs that are out there. And therefore, they are drilling more wells sort of per rig than we've ever had in the past. So I think the fixation on rig count, yes, it's important to the industry, but I think well count is another thing that folks need to look at and concentrate more on, because it's the well count that ultimately drives how much completion work is done.
David J. Lesar: No. I think what we're trying to say, service work is fairly consistent and fairly predictable, product sales sort of come lumpy all the time. And so when you get a product sale, it might push your margin and revenues up or down, but I wouldn't – other than sort of a fourth quarter push around Landmark and things like that, product sales do happen throughout the year. We just like to be transparent and point out when they've helped. But they're going to help nearly every quarter. But it just depends on sort of what the location is, what the geography is and perhaps, in some cases, what the product line is.
David J. Lesar: Well, it's pretty simple. I mean, I think we have a superior delivery platform in North America. We know where we are going to be adding a tremendous number of people and assets to it, and in my view, it'd be crazy to get rid of it. If you look historically, the cost to carry something ultimately outweighs the cost to have to replace it, go out and get people, retrain those people, rebuild your infrastructure and all of that. So it's a decision I made. It's on me if you disagree with it, but I think that it's easily defendable and I think it's certainly the way we need to go here, and I'd tell you, it's going to pay off once we get this deal done.
Jeffrey A. Miller: Yeah, thanks, James. This is Jeff. The – I mean, we have the best operating platform in North America. So when we look at that and anticipate adding a second story basically to the house, our management structure, the operating basis that we have, the logistics infrastructure, including things like Battle Red, and our business development we know are critical to delivering the synergies and delivering them quickly. So as we manage our business, we continue to invest in those things that support that sort of in spite of the market. So the answer is managing our investment in new things, but obviously retaining those things that we know are important.
Jeffrey A. Miller: Yeah, I mean, that's a way to look at it, but I think what's most important to take away is that the – while market adjustments are required, we want to be crystal clear that the current activities do not impact our view and confidence in the $2 billion worth of post-acquisition synergies.
Jeffrey A. Miller: Yeah, thanks, Angie. I mean, 2016 looks better than 2015, but I'd like to reframe your question as how really does attrition play out. And for example, I was just out in the Southern region looking up. When I travel, I look at our locations and competitor locations, and I see more equipment than required showing up on competitor locations to compensate for the lack of maintenance and the lack of capital investment. In some cases, two times as much is what would be required. Now, that's attrition in action. And capacity can tighten very quickly, and we saw that in 2014, how quickly attrition – or actually, capacity tightened. So, I mean, that's why we're so committed to Frac of the Future. I mean, it clearly performs in the downturn and it's even more valuable as the industry recovers.
Jeffrey A. Miller: Well, yeah. I mean, what we see is this is a foundation for growth, and demonstrates our belief that the market grows. And it's clear that the technology enables returns. It also lays the groundwork for us to move quickly at scale. And the short answer is it's set up around a three-year sort of window, I mean, it provides a lot of flexibility for us to act quickly.
Jeffrey A. Miller: Yeah, I mean, that's probably less of a rig count question, more of a capacity question as things start to tighten. And I think we've demonstrated through the last cycle, our ability to ramp up very quickly with people. So not particularly concerned about that.
Jeffrey A. Miller: Well, I think tightness could occur at a lower rig count most certainly, and I think that the lack of investment in the industry today could drive that tightness at a lower rig count.
Jeffrey A. Miller: I think it's – Kurt, this is Jeff. I mean, it's – If you think about attrition, it's happening all of the time, but it's not necessarily apparent all of the time. And by that, I mean it's – you don't see it until there's a call on the equipment, and we really saw this last time. So as competitors consume more equipment on location to do the work, you don't feel the tightness. But as that equipment is called on for even a little bit of incremental activity, that's when it's seen. So recalculating the 50% overhang is difficult to do until there's a call on it, but we're certain that it's happening today.
Jeffrey A. Miller: Well, I think pricing internationally, all the customers ask for discounts, but the reality is there's not much to give. We never recovered from the 2008 cycle internationally. And so the better discussion there – and it moves to this discussion – is around how to deliver better efficiency and reduce costs, and that leverages precisely what we do at Halliburton. North America, as we've said, we see the price decline rate, maybe a description, decelerating, but nevertheless, still some pressure as we move through the quarter.
Jeffrey A. Miller: Well, over the last three weeks, it hasn't changed that much. I mean, we think about the rig count, it has puts and takes. And so it was seeing some improvement, but then Friday, I suppose those gains were erased. So I would describe where we are today as scraping along a bottom. And scraping along a bottom means that we don't anticipate dramatic change of any sort, certainly over the very near term.
Jeffrey A. Miller: Well, the demand for equipment and the – the increasing demand on equipment is really a function of the increasing job sizes. And so we see more and more of the capital spend on completions, and I don't see anything that dials that back. Obviously, technology that we deliver is focused on making better wells sort of within the current job sizes. So I don't think job size growth is not infinite because it starts to have an impact on neighboring wells and other things, but the quality of the fracs will continue to improve.
Jeffrey A. Miller: Well, I would think more in terms of well count than rig count today driving completions. And from our perspective, the basis for the Q10 and Frac of the Future is for us to be able to do that, which we are doing with substantially less capital on location. So that's clearly part of our competitive advantage.
Jeffrey A. Miller: Yes. The – I mean, the Eastern Hemisphere team and international group's absolutely executing, and executing on the strategy we laid out, which is to manage costs over the near term, and they have done that, taking out quite a bit of costs, while at the same time, looking through the cycle. And we like the contracts that we've won and we've got some very strategic wins that are continuing to go on in places like Scotland and Brazil and other places. So it's just really just execution, world-class execution in the international business.
Jeffrey A. Miller: Thanks, Danielle. And I'd like to wrap up the call with just a couple of comments. First, there's no question that this is a tough market. In markets like this, Halliburton's operational execution becomes an even more valuable source of differentiation, which was demonstrated by our second quarter results. I'm confident that our team will stay dead focused on delivering both best in class service quality, along with our long-term strategies in deepwater, unconventionals and mature fields. Secondly, we're pleased with the progress of the Baker Hughes acquisition on many fronts, including the regulatory process and the divestitures. We are confident that we can achieve the cost synergies of nearly $2 billion independent of the current market related actions by either company and are excited about closing the acquisition. We look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Danielle, please close the call.
Christian A. Garcia: Jud, the fourth quarter, it's still early to call what the fourth quarter will look like, but if you think about it, we will still continue to have pricing pressure impacting the fourth quarter. However, we would have the usual seasonal uptick that we experienced on the – during the end of the year.
Christian A. Garcia: At this point, we think that the seasonal uptick will offset the – any sort of additional pricing impact that we might have in the fourth quarter.
Christian A. Garcia: Right. So, obviously, there's still uncertainty on the depth and length of the cycle. However, we are doing everything possible to make sure that our North America will be profitable.
Christian A. Garcia: ...call for a business that planned to be divested to be classified as assets held for sale when they meet certain criteria, and we met those, those are – there are six conditions. To be reported as a discontinued operation, well, you have to put the results of that business in a separate line item, that business needs to represent a strategic shift by the company, and that's what the accounting standards require. And clearly, this is not the case in this situation because we will continue to be in those businesses for drilling services and drill bits. So our treatment is consistent with other merger situations that require a sale of overlapping businesses.
Christian A. Garcia: But if I can add to that, in terms of our outlook, our Eastern Hemisphere margins were 19% in the second quarter and we are expecting this to come down a little bit into the upper teens. This would then suggest that our margins are being sustained at a higher level than what they were in the first quarter.
