Jeff Miller: Thanks, Lance. To sum up, Halliburton is focused on executing our key strategic priorities to deliver industry leading returns and solid free cash flow for our shareholders. Our strong international business is expected to continue its profitable growth and market outperformance as the international activity ramps up throughout the year. In the critical North American market, our business is recovering and demonstrating margin improvement. Digital is gaining traction, growing our revenue and helping us and our customers increase operational efficiency and reduce costs. Our capital efficiency enabled by technology and service delivery improvements is expected to contribute to solid free cash flow generation and our commitment to a sustainable energy future will ensure we play a role in advancing cleaner and more affordable energy solutions. I am optimistic about the future. While the 2020 downturn was deeper and more widespread than anything we have seen before, I am encouraged by the changes we implemented to solidify Halliburton’s role in the unfolding economic recovery for oil and gas remains vital. Strong execution on our strategic priorities will allow Halliburton to continue to power into and win this recovery. And now, let’s open it up for questions.
Jeff Miller: Yes, thanks, James. Let me start with North America and then start with – I am more optimistic today than I certainly was 90 days ago, and 2021 will feel better than the second half of 2020 annualized.
Jeff Miller: So what’s important is we see momentum coming into the year and it looks steady for the remainder and that’s predicated on customers, I think will be certainly rationale and capital disciplined, but I think there is also pressure to hold production flat in 2021, which creates a bit of a floor as we look at the full year.
Jeff Miller: From an international perspective, I feel confident around the international recovery. And I think in terms of magnitude into the second half of 2021, we believe or I believe we will be up low-double digits. So, that’s fairly solid and that’s based on the tender pipeline that we are seeing and the types of barrels that are produced shorter cycle, I think, will lend themselves to that type of uptick. And maybe one last word on international outlook, I mean, I think we view 2021 as a bit of a transition year. I mean, 2020 was the worst in our history, and we view 2022 as when we see the global rebalancing of supply and demand, which creates the sort of underpinning of a multi-year upcycle, and so that we see Q1 as a bottom and then steadily building from there. That’s the kind of momentum that we really like to see going into that supply and demand sort of coming into balance.
Jeff Miller: We are seeing some tenders, some big ones, also seeing some extensions of existing work. So, it’s a bit of a mixed bag at this point, but visibility we have are of not all chunky though. Again, I think the extensions are important also to create sort of that steady momentum that we are talking about.
Jeff Miller: Well, thanks, Angie. Look, I think that was – it’s an elegant and differentiated solution, but clearly a premium solution. We have been working on the electric technology for a number of years and have always described some of the challenges around electric also being the cost and the upfront capital associated with it. The grid solution actually eliminates the requirement for turbines, which have come with a range of either operating problems or emissions. And so – and it’s important to give a shout out to the Cimarex management team here, because a lot of innovation and collaboration together in order to bring together a very efficient solution and also one with the absolute lowest emissions, I mean, because now it’s tapped into the grid and consuming sort of a variety of different energy sources. So, the customer commitment was very important. I think customer interest will be high. But it’s also over time, but it’s also going to require pricing and different types of contract terms and I view this though as part of our normal reinvestment cycle. Clearly, there is interest, but we have a planned reinvestment cycle that’s inside of our capital budget and our outlook on capital efficiency and certainly see electric having a place in that, but that’s where it will sit.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Look, Sean, I am not going to comment on the strategic and the competitive issues that you brought up. But what I can speak from our perspective is our focus is on profitable growth and profitable growth that maximizes free cash flow and drives returns. And I would say that, that’s been something that is important and we were making progress on that in the first quarter of 2020 in terms of improving margins and cash flow and returns and then we took a COVID pause internationally. Now, I don’t think dynamics have not changed in terms of available equipment for the international markets during the COVID period of time. So, with activity and our focus on profitable growth, I am encouraged by what I see, clearly, it’s always competitive. Certainly, it’s always competitive. But that focus on profitable growth is front and center with me.
Jeff Miller: Look, from an international standpoint, I mean, I think that’s a fairly tight range around flat. But I also think what’s more important is the improvement that we are seeing into what we believe is supply and demand balancing in 2022 and that’s the right kind of trajectory to have going into that. And so if we have got double-digit growth in the second half of the year, we have called the bottom in the first quarter of the year, we used to kind of work through that. And like I said, I believe that the tighter range around flat, but I think that’s going to be, it’s got to be the path to solid improvement. And I am pretty optimistic about how all of that plays out. In North America, again, I think Q1 last year creates a lot of noise in that comparison, but the important thing is I do believe customers will be capital disciplined, but we have got a lot of road to go just to get back to where we were, even pre-pandemic when the first quarter of ‘20. And so I think that and we saw production come off pretty hard in 2020. So, just to keep things flat in 2021, from a production perspective, requires a reasonable amount of activity and actually more activity than we even see today based on kind of our calculation and outlook, which gives me good confidence that while we have got good momentum in the first quarter and we have got pretty good visibility for the year. So, I think that our outlook that, that momentum it builds in the first quarter, but it doesn’t fall off at the pace that it has in the past certainly, I think that just because the drivers will be different. And I think capital discipline and flat production coexist in the market and that’s what gives me confidence.
Jeff Miller: Well, what I would say is that it’s always competitive on big projects. We will see different behavior at different times. Yes, I think the under the most important thing is I think we are going into a multiyear cycle internationally and building profitable roads is what will be most important and certainly most important to Halliburton. And I say it that way, because the equipment availability hasn’t changed. Certainly, we do capital efficiency as one of our strategic priorities, which also means we want to put it to work where in the places where it’s going to make the best returns and that’s not going to be everywhere. That’s going to be in the best returning opportunities, but I think there is enough growth there. And again, it’s this multiyear cycle, it’s the balancing in ‘22 and the progression through ‘21 gives me confidence in certainly taking that approach.
Jeff Miller: Yes, Kurt. I mean, I think that you look around the world and where are there either intervention opportunities or onshore type opportunities and offshore tiebacks, which that starts to lead us to, I would think, through the Middle East, that could certainly have application in Asia, the North Sea as well as another sort of important market that demonstrates those characteristics. So, I think it’s going to be fairly widespread in terms of where I think it’s the type of work and again, the short cycle type barrels of what require less capital upfront, they yield production more quickly, they demonstrate better returns for operators. And so – and I think that that’s where we will see more activity.
Jeff Miller: Well, the highline certainly, our grid-powered frac certainly is the lowest emission solution. Look, we learned a lot through the first project and so early days and still learning, but we have always said about electric that the capital upfront around power was going to be the sticky wicket and one that we were not willing to dive off and invest in, because from one day to the next, it’s not clear what’s most efficient. We actually knew all along that ultimately there would be a better both market for availability for power and also ultimately grid power. So, I think that there is a lot of collaboration that’s required. There is a fair amount of technology involved in solving for how to get power of where it needs to be. But I can – as I said in my remarks, it’s a very good solution to both a capital efficiency problem and an emissions problem. And I will look forward to seeing it catch on, so I don’t think it will be immediate, because it takes quite a bit of work upfront to get that all put in place and very much a commitment by the operator to stay the course.
Jeff Miller: Yes, thanks, George. Look, I think attrition has taken its toll. We certainly saw a lot of it visibly in 2020. And I think our view is or my view is that the supply and demand gap continues to tighten. I also think the market structure is improving. And so – and as we look forward from here just normal attrition or normal replacement probably runs 10% to 12%. So we have got that at a minimum in front of us. I also think that capital constraints are – the current market for capital and capital investment makes us a lot tougher for companies. And so harvesting and cannibalization of equipment that we saw in 2020, we also saw entire transactions predicated to a degree on harvesting equipment as part of that cycle, but all of those things are taking equipment out of the market. And so, could we see some tightening towards the end of 2021? I think so, particularly with kind of how our outlook on activity for the balance of the year, but I think this is – it will continue to tighten is our outlook.
Jeff Miller: Thank you, Liz. Before we end the call, I would like to make a few closing comments. Halliburton’s five strategic priorities are designed to deliver industry leading returns and to maximize free cash flow. Our strong international business is well-positioned with the right geographies, technologies and people to deliver profitable growth, while our North American business is recovering and demonstrating margin improvement. Halliburton’s market outlook, strategic priorities and execution culture make me optimistic about our future. I look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Liz, please close out the call.
