Dave Lesar: So, let’s sum things up. To what it’s worth, we believe we were one of the winners in the 2016 downturn. Our 2016 results reflect our successful execution in a historically tough environment and provides us with the position of strength for the markets ahead. The North America market share we built in the downturn provided us the power of choice and therefore the ability to drive returns. We strategically gave up market share in the short-run for the sake of regaining profitability, but we fully expect to get it back. We are bringing back cold stacked equipment to satisfy customer demand. This equipment will meet our return hurdles and stabilize our market share above historical levels. Each spread, however, will cost us $0.01 per share in the quarter that we bring it back. The headwinds we faced in the international markets in 2016 still persist, and we do not expect to see a turn until latter part of the year. As a result, we will continue to control our costs. And just like we were the winners in the downturn, I fully expect that we will win the recovery. Before we open it up for questions, I want to let you know that due to longstanding travel and business commitments, I will not be participating in our first quarter conference call. Jeff will be providing market comments on my behalf. With that, let’s open it up for questions.
Dave Lesar: I would be using something higher, number one. Number two, clearly, some of the cost reductions are structural, but I think as the equipment tightens, commodity prices increase that everybody wants availability of equipment when they want it, where they want it and how they want it. I don’t see that there is going to be the ability to -- for the customer to hold prices down. I mean it’s going to be a supply and demand market, it always is; we will work with those customers that want to work with us. And really, the model for us hasn’t changed. Efficiency is way more important than pricing. And those customers that want to work with us to keep our equipment efficient are those that we’re going to work with. And I think that we’ll both be winners in that scenario.
Dave Lesar: Jud, we’re not going to answer that; it’s just competitive and it’s a key part of our strategy in terms of how we go to market. I think the color we would give is that what we want to do is be in a position to work with those customers that value our services. And we expect to see the flight to quality that’s pretty consistent in this part of the market. And for that reason, we put the time and the effort in to make it certain that our equipment is best in the business.
Dave Lesar: Yes. Jim, let me give you an anecdote. I was talking to the CEO of one of our IOC customers Friday, obviously not going to say who it was. And he said that there was not a single asset in their portfolio outside the U.S. that competes with their U.S. opportunities right now. And to me that’s a pretty amazing statement to me in terms of really how much further commodity prices have to go up to bring some of these more either highly complicated or longer duration projects to the front of the queue get an FID decision made around them.
Dave Lesar: I think here is a simple way to think about it. We bring a spread back this quarter, the negative impact on our earnings is $0.01; in the second quarter that spread starts to earn revenue and will give us the incremental margins and incremental revenue for that spread. So the penny is a one quarter impact. But clearly, we will be likely to be bringing some spreads back in Q2. So, the impact of those spreads in Q2 will be a penny per share, which is why I made the comment earlier that it’s really going to be toward the end of the year. Once we’ve absorbed the frontend cost of these spreads coming on where we really expect to see our stimulation and pumping margins pop-up.
Dave Lesar: Yes. We continue to be very pleased with the performance of the Q10 technology. I think it’s delivering the efficiency and the differential, capital efficiency that we’d expected when we brought those out. So, we are certainly incentivized to make those the growing part of our fleet. 
Dave Lesar: I think I guess the way I think about it is in a couple of ways. One is, you’ve got some sort of brand names and I won’t say who, who are actually exiting the pressure pumping business. So, they have looked at the space and have decided that they don’t want to be in it for now or don’t want to be in it at all, while at the same time, you clearly have a wave of companies that are really just pumping companies only coming into the public market. And you absolutely put your finger on it. I think by being public, there is an expectation that you have profit and that you get paid for growth. And so, what they hear from their shareholders, and I suspect to some extent, most of their shareholders are on this call listening, and it really is going to be the message that they get from those shareholders as to what’s more important, growth or profitability. In our case, because of our position, we think we can have it both; we’re not a afraid of competition; we’ve had a lot of competition come into the market over the past many years. We like our position there; we like our customers that we have. So, at the end of the day, we’ll compete with whatever is out there with whatever message their shareholders are getting. But at the end of the day, it’s about providing a good service to a customer at the right price. And I absolutely love where we’re positioned, if that’s going to be the state of play, and it is.
Dave Lesar: No, I think each company is different; their portfolio is different; when they acquire those assets are different; how long their production sharing contracts in many cases have to go. So, I wouldn’t generalize the comment to the broader industry. I just thought it was in an interesting anecdotal point from a particular customer. But, you’re absolutely right, even the largest of the IOCs clearly have a focus on the unconventional in the U.S. And I think that bodes well, not only for our position in North America, but the future of the industry here.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks, Dave. This is Jeff. Look, the logistical infrastructure that we have continues to prove itself extremely valuable. And as the market tightens, it gets utilized even more. We’ve got sand positions -- trans-load type positions in every market; we’ve invested in the logistics, which in my view is the most important part of that supply chain and that’s the part that gets the tightest the quickest. And so, we like where we are. We even completed some activities through the downturn in key markets. So, we actually never backed away from that, and it will be valuable.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks, Angie. Look, I mean, the decision to add equipment is really around we see the market tightening. And in our view, the market share strategy works through the downturn, and as we bring equipment back, clearly it’s an economic decision; each time we put the equipment back to work, we expect to remain returns. But we also want to maintain that power of choice which is very important to us as the market recovers. And so, as Dave just said, we really like our customer mix today, and we want to make certain that we can serve those customers. And we see that’s a key component of how we win the recovery.
Jeff Miller: Well, it’s always the same sort of three things. It’s equipment, sand and people that tend to crop up. I’ll take those one at a time though. From an equipment perspective, it’s as much speed the market as it is anything else. And we’re so happy with our manufacturing footprint in Duncan. So, differentially we have that advantage. Sand, again, it’s not the sand volume I believe will be adequate but it’s the logistics. And again, from our perspective, we’re well-positioned there. We’ve maintained that infrastructure and then finally, people. And we were fortunate to keep our experienced people to the degree that we could through the downturn that will pay back as we go into recover mode. And it is easy to forget, but in 2014, we actually hired 21,000 people onto our payroll. So, we have the ability to flex, and so all of those things are being managed today.
Jeff Miller: Well, James, the pricing is still the fight. I mean it’s not -- what we’ve seen so far is I’d say to start the utilization and efficiency largely got us to where we are, though clearly we have seen some pricing and that’s progress, but we are absolutely not where we want to be. And so, as we look at equipment, we expect better returns. I think it’s important to note that at least in the last 90 days, we are at a place where more work is in fact helpful.
Jeff Miller: Correct. Bill, yes, seeing improvement; our visibility is improvement further into the future as opposed to the other way. And as a result, that’s the case for reactivating equipment. We see places for that equipment to go and make it return, albeit not the returns we would like but certainly a return and getting us on the path to making those kinds of returns.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Look, that’s decisions we’ll make as we work through the process and certainly not something we’re going to share today, just from a competitive perspective. But, we do believe that we like where we are now and we like the plan we have in place.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Maybe, it’s worth a little color on what that is. And so, as we think about penny per spread, we see estimates are all over the place. I actually believe we’re at the lower end of the range in a sense that it is equipment repair but it’s also advanced hiring, it’s logistics that go with each spreads. So, that’s sort of a fully loaded look at reactivation. And we expect to have the best equipment in the marketplace. So, we certainly put the time into that.
Jeff Miller: Well, I think that’s the toughest hand in terms of efficiency. And I would say at this point in time, the commodity price just had to stabilize at a high enough number that makes it as attractive. And I’m just looking at recent headlines but a lot of investment moving to North America; unconventionals that -- where that money had choices. So, I also think that from an inflection timing perspective, the lead time between investment decision drilling activity is long in those markets for a lot of reasons; and every day that we see delay that gets pushed out yet even further. So, we like our position in both of those places and we’ll be ready when it does recover, but I really don’t -- we think it’s further out than -- further out.
Jeff Miller: No, not necessarily. We continue to deliver sand and most of the jobs where we work that’s -- assurity of supply such an important piece of our own efficiency model that we make certain that we control those variables when we go to work and we found it to be very effective.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I mean that’s -- when we think about making an economic decision about putting a spread to work and making returns, it’s a fully loaded operating income returns for the Company.
Jeff Miller: Look, I mean, essential to our value proposition is how we collaborate engineered solutions to maximize asset value and a key component of that is collaboration around all of those things that help our customers be successful. I don’t see those necessarily as issues that can’t be overcome by any means, water and electricity or things that our customers are very good at managing. And so, I think we’ll find solutions to those.
Jeff Miller: So, about 60% of our overall fleet that’s out there today that’s Q10s. So, as we reactivate crews coming in, we are going to be placing an emphasis on Q10 fleets including that we talked about retrofitting some old equipment, they need pump replacement, we are going to retrofit with Q10 pumps on that equipment. And so, our hope is that as this new equipment comes out, it will continue to increase the total percentage of Q10 fleets in the market.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thank you, Shannon. So, before we finish, I’d like to emphasize two points. First, our strategy to collaborate and engineer solutions to maximize asset value, meaning deliver the lowest costs per BOE is built on Halliburton’s competitive advantage and is well aligned with our customers and is winning contracts and follow-on work. Second, our focus on fairway customers who best utilize our approach to delivering the lowest cost per BOE and our ability to flex quickly with the market, place Halliburton in a fantastic position to win the recovery. We’ll look forward to talking with you next quarter. Shannon, you may now close out the call.
Mark McCollum: You’re right to assume generally speaking currency losses, because they are essentially -- we are a dollar denominated Company, aren’t tax affected. It’s not at realizable loss in the countries that they recorded. So, that’s true that they’re not tax affected. However, I don’t know that I would jump to that conclusion. Clearly, the Egyptian pound devaluation was something that was something that was sort of out of the norm. The pounds had been pegged to the dollar, and all of a sudden they decided not to be, it was an immediate 50% reduction in the currency. The other parts of the currency losses though, I would say, we experienced those quarter in and quarter out. And I would say that for the most part, the rest of them are not unusual, depending our function of the strengthening dollar. But if you look back for the last several quarters, we’ve had them as they’re in the numbers and they were a part of how we had guided the Street as well. So, I don’t know that I would necessarily exclude those as being necessarily unusual. And we’ll expect that they will continue as long as the dollar continues to be as strong as it is and continue to strengthen.
Mark McCollum: Jud, one of the things you need -- we talked about the cost being in Q1, but there will be cost in Q2 as well, because the ability to get all the fleets activated is going to take a little bit of time. We’re not going to be activating all of the cold stacked equipment that we have, but there is some decisions around how much we’re going to make available in the market at this point in time and we’ll make later decisions. And again, we talk about being very flexible in this kind of market, watching how the market behaves, but as Jeff said, we are going to get equipment ready to go; it’s going to cost us something and we’ll probably be doing that through the course of the end of Q2 and then sort of decide where the market is and where we are to address how much further we go.
Mark McCollum: I don’t know that I can say much. I mean, I think that one of the things that we think about is in relationship to where cash is, and we our U.S. domiciled Company, it would have a dramatic impact on us, you see particularly during this period of time, when North America is beginning to expand, a drop in the U.S. tax rate would make a difference. From a manufacturing perspective, most of our equipment is manufactured in the U.S., we actually have worked a strategy to move manufacturing around where it was geographically located to serve the markets where it was situated; and so all of that would be helpful. This past year in 2016, if you recall, we have already taken the tax hit to basically, if a situation presented itself that we could bring our cash back to the U.S. in a tax advantage way, we could do that without a significant impact on our results. We watch that very carefully. But we have -- I guess, what I’m telling you is we have tremendous optionality. I think what we’re just going to pay attention to is how is that going to move forward. We’re going to be working with Congress and the Hill. Our tax Senior VP will be going to the Hill in a couple of weeks, and we’ll just -- we’ll continue to try stay tied8 into where things will be moving and to move as quickly as we can to take advantage of whatever present itself.
Mark McCollum: Well, maybe, when you say more specific, I mean, I think we tried to give guidance by area, right? I think North America revenue should be in line with the rig count; our incrementals should be in that 40% to 45% range. When you look outside of North America, our Eastern Hemisphere which probably benefited more from some of the product -- year-end product sales but also gets hit more by weather-related seasonality; in the Q1, we expect that the revenues will be down a little under 10%, high single-digits. The margins, the impact -- the margins did look great; they’re very strong because of the product sales; they should drop off a couple of hundred basis points in the first quarter. And then, Latin America, even though we had strong software sales of consulting which impacted, and those come at very, very high incremental, we actually think revenues will be up a little bit, but that it will have a marginal impact and they’ll still fall back down to low single-digits.
Mark McCollum: Yes. So, it’s not a penny per quarter per spread, it’s just a penny per spread, and it is just the operating expense impact to cost. As Jeff indicated, it’s more of just the maintenance on the quarter itself; it’s also the recruiting cost and the other activation cost that we are incurring to get that spread ready to go. It does not include the capital cost. And so, as I articulated, our capital forecast for 2017 is right now as I said about $1 billion. And that incremental that we’re looking at between 2016 and 2017 is a fairly good estimate of some of the activation costs that will be incurred on the capital side to get some of that equipment ready to go, including retrofitting some of our old equipment with Q10s as we get them ready to get back in the market.
