Dave Lesar: Thanks, Jeff. Industry prospects will continue to be weak and the coming quarters and the ultimate depth and length of this cycle remains uncertain. However, we are confident that our management team is prepared to meet the challenges that are forthcoming and we will take the opportunity to strengthen the long-term health of our franchise. We will selectively cut costs and at the same time, continue to invest where we can improve our competitive position. Whatever scenario you think may happen we have the people, technology and experience to outperform the market. We have demonstrated this to you for the past several years. Whatever the level of industry activity, we expect to get more than our share of it. Now, before I open it up to questions I want to let you know that due to other business commitments I will not be participating in our first quarter conference call. Jeff will be providing market comments on my behalf and I will return for our second quarter call. Now let's open it up for questions. 
Dave Lesar: Yeah, Dave, let me just add a little bit to that. I think the -- your question about the speed of the pullback by our customers is a bit unusual and I think, first of all, they're worried about their cash flow because of lower commodity prices. And I also think they are worried about where their next dollar might come from if they start living outside of their cash flows. So, in my view, it sort of exacerbates the speed by which this is happening. But I also think it accelerate the time where they sort of know what they can spend this year, they know how they are going to spend it, they know who they are going to spend it with. And we can get to that equilibrium point that I referenced in my remarks.
Dave Lesar: Yeah, I think -- good question. In terms of what they are doing and we are -- let me just confirm, we are aligned with what we call the fairway players, particularly in North America. And our view of a fairway player is one who is in a strong financial position and has a low leasehold cost or are in the sweet spots of these various reservoirs. So, the discussions with them today are, okay, let's high grade back to the places where we can produce the lowest cost per BOE even in this pricing environment. Let's have to remain service company and operator, very flexible in how we're approaching this market in terms of where we're going to put rigs up, how many rigs we're going to have there. We went to partner with you in terms of the service capabilities you have. But be essentially aware that we're still in a commodity driven world and we may have to be flexible and change. We can do that. We've got a good management team, we've got a good footprint, we've got good technology and it's not a fun environment to be in, but it's one we can easily handle.
Dave Lesar: No. I think, Bill, that’s right. I mean, if you look at the 2008-2009 that was really a gas driven rig count decline. What we are seeing today is more of an oil based decline. If you go back into the late 80s and 90s, those actually were probably more oil driven declines at that point in time. And so I don’t have a crystal ball that will allow me to absolutely predict it. I know on my experience that you have to invent through these things. You want to keep your business franchise strong. And as Christian indicated, we are looking at basically a flat capital budget for next year. But the reality is that a lot of that is going into building out our Q-10 pump system, because, frankly, you guys can shoot me if I didn’t continue to invest in that technology. It’s a great technology. It’s a differentiated technology. It saves not only customer’s money but it saves us operating cost. So we would be crazy not to push through with the deployment of that and retire the older assets. The reality is that if we did -- we had pulled back there our capital expenses for next year likely would be going down. But generally, my experience has been stay flexible, stay nimble, stay strong financially and I think that when we come out of this thing, especially when we execute the transaction with Baker, we’re going to be a heck of a company and I'm really looking forward to that.
Dave Lesar: Yeah, I think James as Kelly said at the beginning, we really don’t want to and can't answer any questions related to Baker other than what we had in our prepared remarks.
Dave Lesar: Yeah, I think -- this is Dave. I mean, you've just got to think through -- put yourself in the operator’s mind, especially one who is concerned about cash flow. It would be crazy to drill a well and then put it in inventory because you've got cash flow out, but not cash flow coming in.  So I think the decision is very quickly going to go to, do your drill well? If you drill a well you’re going to complete it. If you’re not going to complete that there is no sense in drilling it, and that’s the dialog that’s going on now.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Thanks Waqar. The behavior around the wells, we expect to continue. I mean, what we've seen is consistently improving productivity based on the things we talk about all the time, so custom chemistry, the application of your technology like AccessFrac and rock firm and then also sand volume. So, while overall activity likely falls off, the activity that’s executed is going to be executed with absolutely the best technology and well bore design and frac design to deliver the lowest cost per BOE. So I expect that continues.
Dave Lesar: Yeah, and let me just make sort of one last comment on sort of increasing volumes is that, more and more of our customers are now looking at what is the impact of these large volumes jobs on offset wells. And this concept of well bashing is what's it’s called where basically pumping enormous volumes into one well bore is it bashing adjacent well bores and actually declining or decreasing the volumes you are getting out of it in total. So, I think as the volumes continue to increase, customers and the service industry, Halliburton, in particular, are starting to look at sort of the signs of what's happening down hole two to make sure that what you are running up with is an optimal outcome and not just accelerating greatly production from one well, but impacting that in adjacent wells.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, thanks, Dave. I mean the -- we're talking to our customers every day. And of course initially the discussions have been around reductions in the 25% to 30% range. However, as commodities continue to move, they are all revisiting their budgets. I mean, arguably for the next couple of quarters this will be -- North America will look a bit like a chocolate mess in terms of where it winds up. But the -- most customers are living within their cash flows and similarly, that's what we are going to do. But we're confident that we're positioned in the right places and in the fairways of the right plays to where we will be very effective as we work through this with them.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, thank you, Jud. Those discussions have already begun, but I think as Dave referenced in his early remarks, there is a bit of a disconnect in the timing of seeing price concessions with customers and working that both through the vendor community and also through our inventory. I think that is one of the reasons I say we look out a quarter or two. That said, we've got a terrific procurement organization and we have -- we're already in discussion with a number of vendors and we continue to see this progress. Again, these are steps that we have taken before and it's really a matter of connecting sort of what's happening in the marketplace to the vendor community, but I think that happens initially quite quickly.
Jeff Miller: Thanks James. This is Jeff. No, you are reading that correctly. I mean, we really never saw net pricing throughout the last cycle internationally. In fact, as you describe most of the margin gains were volume driven and really cost absorption over that period of time. That said, we are working with our customers around efficiency approaches, how can we lower total cost of operations for them and this really gets back to our basic strategy which is around reducing uncertainty and increasing reliability in operations. And we've made terrific gains in non-productive time over the last couple of years and that’s a differentiator for us. 
Jeff Miller: Yeah, let me answer that one Angie. I have heard the word distraction, I have heard other comments about what's going to happen. You got to remember we've been asbestos, we've been through asbestos, we've been through Macondo, we've been through the Iraq war and none of those distracted us from making sure our business franchise remains strong. We've been through ups and downs, that didn’t distract us.  So, I guess, my view is, you know us. We are the execution company. We are not going to get distracted through this. This is a tough market, but we've been through these kinds of things before. I've got a really strong management team. We are going to focus on maintaining our market share. We’re going to focus on improving our business franchise and clearly we’re not going to get distracted. I'm not going to permit it to happen. So I guess that would be my sort of editorial comment on it. 
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks Kurt. The outlook is, we will do those things that we've described. We expect to drilling contracts signed in first quarter. We should have our wireline contract sort of reupped in Q1 and our testing contract mobilized into Q1. The broadly outlook, however, is we still that market declining to a certain degree in terms of activity and beyond that really don’t want to give any guidance expect to say that we've described some of those markets as looking a little bit stronger and certainly Brazil and Mexico are likely to be headwinds.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, in Russia, I mean, obviously we still got a couple of things going on. First, the sanctions are in place and so that’s having an impact on our business, you mentioned currency. And then around mature field activity there may be some improvement there. But overall, the issues around sanctions and what not, I think, are a bit of a drag on the business overall.
Jeff Miller: We've worked through year we saw tightening in capacity, things that I described. So there is some amount of that out there. But I would really take a broadly view to say that our customers are managing within cash flow, and so I think that behavior may be different for different customers. But broadly there will be a drawback to the best parts of the plays focused on efficiency and really those strategies that we talk about that we've built our franchise around, which is lowest cost per BOE, custom chemistry and delivering sub service insight. So I think those things are at play. But I don’t necessarily see a large inventory building of uncompleted wells.
Jeff Miller: Jim, I'm glad you are not my customer anymore. I think the reality is that you -- a customer may take that approach, say, we want to cut our cost by 15%. But in today's world and really today's shale world in the U.S. and let’s say the offshore market in Africa, differentiated technologies still make a difference. And having that technology, having the efficiency, having the people on the ground ends being sort of what you sell to that customer. Customers also know that in reality -- in reality they know who they want to use for particular products and services in various parts of the world and generally they move to make sure that when they go through a cost reduction after like this that they keep the strong players strong. 
Jeff Miller: Well, we actually in Q4 a year-on-year increase of about 46% sand on a per well basis, so that was up sequentially another 5% or 6%, again, on a per well basis. So, I expect that at some point better design, better frac design will moderate the volume of sand, it’s not internment. But nevertheless, I would expect the demand -- not the demand, but on a per stage basis volumes to remain high.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. Thank you, Kay [ph]. So I would like to wrap the call up with just a couple of comments. And as we've said there is a tremendous amount of uncertainty in the market, but we've seen this before. And we always take basically a two-pronged approach, which is first, we control what we control and defend our margins within our cash flows. And the second is that we look through the cycle and as in the past emerge a stronger company in the recovery. Thank you and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Kay [ph], you can take from there.
Christian Garcia: Jud let me approach it internationally in total. As I mentioned, we're not going to provide specific guidance, but kind of give you some help here. If you look at seasonal decline that we see in our international markets, it usually declines -- typically declines about 10% -- 9% to 10% for Q1. Clearly, there's going to be macro headwinds that would push that at a higher decline rate. If that is the case, then we will basically see a steeper decline in the operating income. As an example, last year we saw a 300 basis points decline from Q4 to Q1 for our international markets and we expect to see a little bit higher than that this time around. Now, I'm not going to provide guidance in any of the sort of regions, but you're absolutely right, Europe, Africa/CIS will probably have a higher decline than Middle East or Latin America.
Christian Garcia: Right. So, Bill, to answer you, we don’t know, because the – the reason is we don’t know the depth the length of the cycle. Okay. So what we can tell you is in Q1 if you look at 2008, 2009, the rig count drop in Q1 of 2009 was about 30%, our revenue decline was 25% of that line. 
Christian Garcia: We had the 1,000 basis points decline in Q1. We just don’t think it’s going to happen in Q1 at least given the visibility that we have currently. So that’s the only visibility we have. We are going to do it quarter by quarter and we will update our guidance as we go along throughout the year.
Christian Garcia: Yeah, so North America, as I mentioned, rig count is already down 9% so far. I don’t know may reach the decline in the mid-teens for the whole quarter. Well, assuming that projection as correct, we would expect a revenue decline to probably slightly less than this -- than that percentage based on our past experience.  And as I mentioned, the decrementals in 2008-2009, we don’t think we are going to do better than that. 
Christian Garcia: Yeah, thanks. So we've taken some steps early in Q4 around headcount, so we are reacting quickly to what we see there. As we described the timing around supplier cost reductions and getting those in place don’t sync up perfectly. But for the visibility that we have we are taking actions to address that.
