Jeff Miller: Thanks, Lance. To sum up, I am optimistic about how this transition year is shaping up. The demand outlook continues to improve both internationally and domestically, even as some regions still experience lockdowns. This year is headed in the right direction and Halliburton is focused on the right things to deliver on our shareholders objectives.  We expect our strong international business to continue its profitable growth as activity increases throughout the year. In North America, our business has recovered and is demonstrating margin improvement on the back of our strong operating leverage. Digital is growing our revenue and helping us and our customers increase operational efficiency and reduce costs. Our commitment to capital efficiency is expected to support growth and solid free cash flow generation.  And finally, we believe that our strategy to advance cleaner affordable energy positions us well for the future. And now let’s open it up for questions.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks, James. The – yes, confidence improving and visibility improving around our outlook both for 2021 and for 2022 and in fact, when we see – I see tender pipeline strong, strengthening, these are all sort of the things that start sometime later this year, but really start to get traction in 2022 and even 2023. Some of the programs that we are seeing are shorter cycle barrels, but the fact is, those are actually service intense barrels [defined] [ph] so it [indiscernible] going to drive more upstream spending faster and even if I look at just 2021 outlook confidence is more so today. I think earlier – we see it at a minimum improving to flat year-on-year which is an improvement from what we thought earlier. 
Jeff Miller: Yes, James, I think we are going to see sort of the steady cadence of the increase as we move through this year and even into next year. I think, just the feedback and sense I get is that there is a lot of discipline around production and what they can do profitably and also think as we see improvement into 2022. They will face those service cost inflation just because of where everything is today, what needs to be replaced.  So, I don’t think it’s – it won’t be the – certainly won’t be the same and I think that tightening of capacity is very good for Halliburton and I think that anything that will be a bit of a governor. 
Jeff Miller: Well, look, thanks, Scott. We are confident about the progression in North America certainly for C&P and globally. And I think that the – our goal is to maximize the value of this business and I’ve said I think we expect mid teens full year and I think that’s a solid number and that’s the reflecting and activity increase that is driving the incremental margins as opposed to pricing, no pricing in that.  And I think we have visibility towards what will drive pricing which will substantially improve, in fact super charge those incrementals. But I think right now, we are building our outlook around what is a steady cadence of improvement and maintaining, actually continuing to drive further efficiencies in North America with respect to keeping our cost. The reset that we did last year is still alive and well in place. 
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks. Look, I think the D&E starting at a higher point than it did finished last year is important. I think it’s just two important things. One, our software business is strong and accretive and it also says though that the rest of the business margins, the breadth of D&E’s margins, the baseline is improving. And so, we are knocking on double-digits as we look out through the rest of the year.  As I look at the back half for the international expansion on D&E, we are positioned today for that. And so, the kind of investment we are making, we view it as of March. We want to continue to improve the baseline margins in that business. So, it’s continuing to improve. And so, I think we’ll see improvement in 2021. I think that continues beyond that.  And so, our outlook is for continuing to grow those margins. I don’t see the kind of headwinds that we might have seen a year ago when we were ramping for one of the largest contracts in the North Sea. I mean, I don’t see that repeat.  And in some of what we are getting also is the benefit of the capital efficiency that’s baked into a lot of our D&E ability to move things around. In fact, that’s at the core of our strategy is capital efficiency and I think that manifests itself around how we move tools and other things. 
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks, Dave. Look, I think as we look into the future, those types of solutions will get pricing earlier and more so. We are seeing more demand for those types of solutions. We have a leading position around whether it’s Tier-4 dual fuel or also the electric. And so, yes, we are seeing the demand. I think that the bifurcation will happen gradually simply because of the ability to do two things; one, put equipment into the market and so the way we look at that is that’s replacement equipment generally.  So we’ve got 10% to 12% of our equipment that goes off every year. And so, what we are able to do is replace that with what we view would be higher margin, better returning equipment over time, but that’s more of the pacing that we see.  And then the other sort of key components around pricing, I mean, when we look at all of this, but when we think about returns for new equipment – any kind of new equipment, but particularly technology we expect some premium around the technology and also derisking the time horizon impact of making those returns also I think that’s equally key. 
Jeff Miller: The answer to the first question, Dave, this is sort of normal course of business. We see improvements that we see more activity at different times. So, that’s really all to read through on that. I think the – with respect to project management broadly and how we see those contracts in the future, obviously, a lot of activity around that, we’ll be certainly very thoughtful around how we increase that exposure, we manage that risk. And in fact, the most important component of looking at those types of things is understanding and managing the risk. 
Jeff Miller: And it’s one of the reasons also, you hear me say it a lot, but I am talking about profitable growth internationally. And so, that profitable component is going to be the lead punch around how we grow internationally. So we’ll take that. Certainly, we are in that business. We are good at that business. But we are also pretty circumspect around how we make money doing that. 
Jeff Miller: Yes. Look, I think that they are the most nimble groups. They are going to move the quick as to engage. They also have a leashed impact on the overall headline production number also. So I think that, I really am encouraged by the activity that we’ve seen. The ability to continue that. I think they are all making their own economic decisions and they make that really without a lot of stakeholder beyond the owners their direction.  And so, I think what we are seeing is a natural reaction to that. But I don’t think it’s indicative of how the whole market behaves. And so, they have the ability to get real busy and then, slow down and back it down as they see production start to ramp up a little bit for them and it changes their economics.  So, a hard march up into the right not necessarily I think they all make their own decisions and could easily – I am not going to say, back off, but what they will do is make those decisions as other operators start to ramp and that’s obviously a much more disciplined group. They have plans in place. I think the key point to make here though, we are at the end of the first quarter.  We are into Q2. And we haven’t talked about any of the kind of budget blow outs that we talked about in prior years where, I, oh, wow, we’ve overspent. So there is something coming that’s going to slow things down. That’s not all what we see.  In fact, what I am describing in terms of confidence and the cadence is, the confidence and the cadence that we are going to stay busy in marching through the second half of the year likely up some. In fact, I think our outlook today is up North America, maybe close to 10% on the full year. So, that’s some moderation, but that’s still growing. 
Jeff Miller: Well, it’s certainly digital enhancing our margins. But that’s – and that’s certainly where we want to see that go and we expect it to continue. It’s also baked into all aspects of our business. So, from a digital perspective, it is sort of equal parts, customer-oriented by just consulting and software sales. It’s also equal parts making our tools better, so they become answer products and we sell them through the normal course of business, but they meaningfully impact the value of those tools.  And then finally, what it does internally to drive our own cost down and so helping, yes, but I think more importantly, when I look at D&E is again back to that baseline of improving margins, which is built on the back of sort of the iCruise performance and technology there - wireline performance and technology there. So, those kinds of things that are operational. We can see them. We see them getting traction, more broad traction. Those are the kinds of things that as we look into a multi-year upcycle internationally, that’s what’s going to drive margin up 2021, 2022, 2023. 
Jeff Miller: Yes, look, I really like the technology. I like what we’ve done. The smart fleet is as advertised. We got more trials to do. But we continue to find more effective ways to deliver that solution which should allow it to scale even more quickly. I think it’s going to continue to gain a lot of traction, very capital-efficient approach to implementing technology, because it implements with the equipment that we have.  From an e-fleet standpoint, again, certainly pleased with the performance that we’ve seen. Yes, it continues to drive or deliver on the kinds of efficiencies we probably would see both for us in terms of utilization and dollars per horsepower. Lot of interest from customers around that technology also. But just remember we are maximizing value in North America. So we only put this equipment out when it meets our return expectations and we can do this – the time horizon. And so, it’s not – it’s going to look more like replacement of upgrading replacements as opposed to sort of new investment. 
Jeff Miller: Yes, look, I think that the type of activity we are seeing is probably more weighted towards Middle East, Latin America, broadly in terms of tender activity. I think that I am not going to try to quantify things that are two derivatives, kind of deviations in the future, but what our view is, that’s certainly indicative of a growing market and a kind of market that will grow over time.  We are going to engage in that and participate in it, but at the end – and be successful. But our view is, A. focus on profitable growth and drive international revenue growth that way, but I think we are also going to see that sort of lead to the broader based kind of recovery which is equally important to price and so that bring that up is to say that these big tenders are always very competitive from a price standpoint.  But where we start to see price improvement typically is as the market sort of starts to fill up, then we see more opportunities and that is how we see the international market shaping up. So, I think that’s an equally important concept to what we are seeing in terms of growth. 
Jeff Miller: Look, we have a great footprint in North America. We’ve got a leading position in North America, which means we really work for all of the customers in North America. So, from a mix perspective, what we look for is efficiency. We look for opportunity. We look for growth opportunity and we look for uptake on technology and performance.  And so, I think the – that’s the way we view the market less around, A versus B, but it’s more do they have the characteristics that allow us to drive our value proposition in market and maximize the kind of returns like we are talking about. And so, I think that, that moves in different times depending on where the market is, but it doesn’t easily change a whole lot. 
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks. Look, those types of costs are in our outlook. So, I don't – we manage cost all of the time. I don't see a bow wave of that coming back. We've reset the earnings. We reset it in terms of how we work and how we move people around and how we go to market. So, look forward to the market opening. I think that's going to drive a lot more demand that will continue to drive demand for oil. But I think from – from our standpoint, we're going to – we just manage those costs.
Jeff Miller: No, I think contract pricing will follow is the way that works generally. It starts there. The contracts themselves improve over time and I think that having alternatives that are higher priced also helped to create pressure – upward pressure on pricing even in large contracts.
Jeff Miller: Yes, we expect to do that and that's as we continue to see activity come on we will see improving margins. Always working on T's and C's. There are always leading edge sort of things that we are working on that they come easier to do become very important overtime to do. We are doing those all of the time and we are doing those now. Also, digital sort of implicit through all of this. So when you see our digital improving driving margins better all of the time. And so, I think, we should see improving margins before we see even the pricing, but I think the pricing, that's what allows us to really that's where we see the real traction and incrementals.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Yes. I mean, that's what we talk about capital efficiency and driving capital efficiency through all parts of our business. That's what allows us to get to that 5% to 6% of revenues in terms of CapEx spend. So yes, for 2021 and 2022.
Jeff Miller: Okay. Thank you, Liz. Before we end the call, I'd like to make a few closing comments. I am encouraged by this year's positive momentum and demand recovery. We are well positioned globally for growing international demand. The expected steady activity cadence in North America and with our leading digital technologies, which allow us to maximize value for Halliburton and its shareholders. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.  Liz, please close out the call.
Lance Loeffler: Yes, no. Good question Ian. Look, I think, overall, as everyone knows, maximizing free cash flow remains the key priority for us and what we are focused on. But more so, free cash flow is driven by margin progression and then all aspects of the capital efficiency. I know, Jeff covered a little bit in his prepared remarks around efficiency and working capital and remaining disciplined around CapEx.  Look, more operating profit we see ahead based on our activity outlook improving and obviously the progression around margins that we’ve discussed already this morning, we are pretty optimistic about what all of that means for 2021 free cash flow target, which today gives us more confidence that we will be sort of ahead of where consensus sits today even excluding the change in the metric that we’ve outlined this quarter. 
Lance Loeffler: Yes. So, other operating in the cash flow line item tends to be pretty heavy in the first quarter. We've got compensation that tends to hit in the first quarter, as well as, taxes are heavy with property taxes, et cetera. And so, that's not atypical from us from a, intra-year cyclicality perspective. We expect that to lighten up obviously into Q, but that's – that's sort of the color I would give you on that.
Lance Loeffler: And I would add. I mean, that's what Jeff is describing is exactly what we were seeing in the early part or late part of 2019 and 2020 was that dynamic in terms of large tenders still bid competitively. But rising level of activity was tightening the rest of the broader market. Obviously, we took a pause with COVID, but we expect as we see activity levels creep back to where we were in those – at that period of time, I think we are optimistic that we start to see the same behavior from a pricing perspective.
Lance Loeffler: Yes, Chris. This is Lance. Yes, I mean, a lot of that’s largely, the cost of inflation that we describe is driven by what's happening in North America and the growth that we are seeing there. Some of it was driven by the impact of the storms, right and some of the shortages that we saw across the value chain. But I would say, look, our size and scale gives us an inherent advantage to negotiate the best deals in a lot of those consumables.  And to the extent a lot of our commercial arrangements allow us to pass that through to the customer. Our guidance overall sort of incorporates that. And I think, look, we are always going to be continuing to focus on maximizing our value in North America regardless of the challenges in the environment. But that’s sort of baked into how we see at least, the near-term playing out and obviously the outlook we've given the year.
