Jeffrey Miller: Thanks, Lance. In summary, international growth continues at a steady pace across multiple regions, benefiting both our D&E and C&P divisions. Increased activity, pricing improvements, our ability to compete for a larger share of high-margin services and reallocation of our assets should lead to higher international margins as we look past this year. In North America, we expect activity reductions to continue into the fourth quarter. Halliburton is successfully executing our new North America playbook to maximize returns and free cash flow. We stacked additional equipment throughout the quarter and will continue managing utilization with a focus on returns. We're aligning with the right customers. We're introducing new technologies to improve margins. And we will continue to take actions that lower the overall service delivery cost. I want to close by thanking our employees for their outstanding focus and dedication to our company and our customers. Your resiliency and hard work are the foundation of our company's strength and why together we can continue delivering on our promise to our shareholders. And now, let's open it up for questions.
Jeffrey Miller: Yeah. Thanks, James. You're a little crackly there at the beginning, but as we look at the Q4 activity, obviously, we think budget exhaustion, et cetera, starts to bring that down. I expect we'll see an uptick as we go into Q1 of 2020, and I think that's a little bit getting to that cadence of spend. So, I think that we'll be increasing activity certainly in the first half – first quarter and then really first half of 2020, and our playbook will have us ready to take advantage of that.
Jeffrey Miller: James, we're early in that process now. And, I guess, my view is we know we are extremely competitive. We have very good margins and returns in that business relative to anyone in that marketplace. And so, when we see an opportunity where it transacts well below cost, we're pretty comfortable stepping back from that just because we don't want to burn up our equipment without making the kind of returns and cash flow that we want to make. So, to be seen, I fully expect we'll see the – we see it actually some today, the flight to quality. Our service delivery is very, very good; our safety performance is very, very good. And so, I think this unfolds as equipment just gets tighter. And I think we're well-positioned in this market.
Jeffrey Miller: Yeah. Thanks, Angie. Less clear on – we just don't have the visibility on 2020 at this point because it's still early. That said, I believe Halliburton outgrows the increase in drilling and completion spend, whatever that is internationally. And as I described, I think we've got a good set of contracts set up for 2020. And, technically, we're very well-positioned for 2020. And so, without trying to put a number on that today, I feel Halliburton will be very competitive in that space, anyway. Yeah.
Jeffrey Miller: Yeah. As I've always said, it's hard to see attrition until there's a call on the equipment, but it's pretty clear there's less equipment in the market today than there was at the beginning of the year, and that amount varies in terms of how people call it. We think it's 15% to 20% easily in the marketplace. But then, we watch equipment adds, of which there really aren't any, and we know how hard equipment is working. And so, I really believe we will continue to see that as we go into even 2020 in terms of the attrition happening. And our view of the market is we want to be super careful with our equipment. We want to work it for returns and when we don't see those returns, we want to set it to the side.
Jeffrey Miller: Yeah. thanks, Sean. I'll start with the second part of that question. The iCruise is really delivering what we had expected though it is obviously – some of the contracts we were targeting or have been won, but are moving a bit to the right. That said, the performance of the tool, very good, very excited about what it can do, and coupled with EarthStar, for example, really is delivering on the technical promise that we had hoped. So, I expect, as I look through Q4 and into 2020 and beyond that the value of this suite of technology is going to be very impactful. In fact, I'll just comment here, at the World Oil Awards this week, actually the best drilling technology was the EarthStar 3D Inversion which is fantastic technology. So, to get back to progression, we kind of see a longer ramp on the recovery of that business, but all of the building blocks are in place and the technical approach is working, and I see us winning the kind of contracts that I think are required to earn higher margins.
Jeffrey Miller: I think just to add to that, when we think about our North America playbook which is driving specifically towards utilization and efficiency and cost, I think this playbook is right squarely in the middle of the types of decisive actions we're taking around taking out costs. 
Jeffrey Miller: I'd really say it's both. And it's customers of all sizes quite frankly, but probably more to the – larger into that. And I think some of that's just reflect – look, this is the early days, but it's encouraging because I know the type of safety and service quality performance that we have in the market and the ability to put more things together, I think, drives better performance over time. It's really a collective investment and a learning curve that drives that kind of efficiency. And we've seen that actually evolve in the North Sea. So, while early days North America, very early days, I think there's an analog which was the North Sea, which was obviously a very disintermediated market probably just five or six years ago and we've seen roughly 90% of our work today in the North Sea is in some form or fashion of integrated or bundled or in some form or fashion a more stable set of work that is more outcome-based that then allows us to, over time, demonstrate really some of the things that make Halliburton so reliable and so efficient over the long term. 
Jeffrey Miller: Yes, I do. I think, strategically – technology is always an important part of this business and we continue to invest in technology. And some of that technology allows us to lower our cost. And we don't necessarily spend a lot of time talking about that simply because it's not for sale. I want to keep it and have that benefit accrue to Halliburton. I talked about one just this quarter on the call with integrated completions, but that's more complicated to do than meets the eye and it actually drives a lot of cost savings for Halliburton. When we direct our efforts that way, that is part of the sustainable competitive advantage we have around not just cost cutting – actually, I don't see it as cost cutting. I see the playbook actually is strategically driving better efficiency and better margins sort of in the face of where the market is today.  And I say all of that – and I want to pivot to what I really think the future looks like, which, over the next few years, the dialogue I believe will be more around recovery factors in unconventionals and less about just pure speed. And I think, in that market, some of the things we're doing with Prodigi and a host of things that I think will be quite impactful in that future scenario, which the future – what, a couple years out, but I'm really excited about that also. And nothing we're doing today gets in the way of delivering on that future set of technologies.
Jeffrey Miller: Look, I think this is something that accelerates, particularly as we get into 2020. We'll see an uptick in the first half of the year, first quarter, and I think there will be stress in the system at that point. The extent to which there isn't new investment in this business, that just continues to wear on equipment. So, it has to accelerate over time.
Jeffrey Miller: I think most of that would be more in the fixed category, not the variable. The variable costs, we're managing all of the time. And, in fact, our ability to flex up and down on variable cost allows us to be, I think, hyper responsive to moves in the marketplace. But when we attack – the type of fixed cost things are the parts that – that's the removal of the waste that is permanent when we think about continuous improvement and driving there. And that's what you saw in the second quarter as well. It was a move around taking out waste. And so, that tends to come in steps as we sort of evaluate how best to get that efficiency and then we're able to move on the cost.
Jeffrey Miller: Maybe just to add to that if I could. The other important part of this is, as we manage capital, we are reallocating assets where we believe we need to in order to drive those margins up. So, we see tool tightness in the marketplace broadly. And, clearly, we're going to move those assets to where they make the best returns. And so, I think that, in and of itself, drives better margins over time. And at the same time, we do have the ability to meet and exceed growth rates, I believe, internationally.
Jeffrey Miller: I think it has an impact on all parts of our business. I think our view to, obviously, improving returns will get to other parts of the business. And I think that anything we do, in some cases, to take out fixed costs also have an impact on other parts of the business. So, can't do one really without the other. We like all of our businesses in North America. And I think they all benefit a degree from the approach we're taking with frac. So, it's probably more pronounced with frac.
Jeffrey Miller: Yeah. I think the capital and R&D spend around that is included in sort of our run rate. So, I don't think it's going to be outsized to what you've seen us do in the past. I think the – we really like our landmark business. We are a leading software provider in the industry. We hosted an important event in Houston. We had 1,300 customers at our event in Houston to look at sort of the future of digital and had thought leaders who are also our clients present at that event. But I think the key focus and where we will spend more time talking to you, it will be around how it's monetized because I think that's really the important component of all things digital, which is – in my view, it's internal efficiency, enhanced tools that we charge more for and then software sales and consulting that we sell directly to clients. And you hear me talk about those at different times. I'll try to frame them better, but if I think our enhanced tools, 3D inversion is a good example of that with EarthStar, that has a lot of digital involved in making it work. Internal efficiencies look like things like our maintenance, it's automated, and digital planning and manufacturing. And then, 365 being one of the products that we actually sell, both in the cloud and the subscription model. So, I'm comfortable with where we are. In fact, I really like where we are digitally and I think the digital principles that we laid out early around being open architecture, evolving with partners, and then clearly making returns for Halliburton are the right – that is absolutely the right strategy.
Jeffrey Miller: Yeah. I think the timing of the spend is more weighted, obviously, towards the first part of the year just because that's when tools are actually going to work and a lot of the planning goes on as we look to next year. We have a view of where we want things to be and when we want them to be there.
Jeffrey Miller: Look, I think that we continuously take waste out of the business and look for ways to operate it at a lower cost point. So, that's kind of the step that we see right now that is effective. But at the same time, we're always looking for ways to make the business more and more efficient and we'll continue to do that almost irrespective of what we think the revenues are or will be.
Jeffrey Miller: Yeah. Thank you, Shannon. Look in closing, I'm excited about the international outlook and how Halliburton is positioned to benefit from these improving conditions. The combination of increased activity, pricing improvements, ability to compete for a larger share of high-margin services and reallocation of our assets should lead to higher international margins as I look towards the future.  Our North America playbook is working. We're driving lower costs, better asset utilization and market-leading returns in the near term, while concurrently developing technology that lowers our cost or is essential to our customers over the longer-term, principally unconventional resource recovery, drilling and digital and all technologies where Halliburton is uniquely positioned to win. So, thank you. I look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Shannon, you can close out the call.
Lance Loeffler: Yeah, Sean. Let me take a stab at that. So, look, we did make considerable improvements in 3Q. I think that that momentum clearly has to continue into 4Q, and it's really done – as you talk about the working capital movements, we continue to believe that we're going to progress on the way that we're collecting our receivables expect inventory will draw down as we deliver on our completion tools orders for the fourth quarter. And my belief is that working capital on a year-on-year basis is still relatively flat in 2019. 
Lance Loeffler: I'd also say, in addition to the working capital goals that we have in the fourth quarter, we're also going to be down on CapEx as well. The rate of spend of CapEx that will contribute to that free cash flow number.
Lance Loeffler: Scott, this is Lance. Appreciate the question. I think looking ahead, I think there's still going to be some seasonality in 1Q. We're still dealing with weather in the Northern Hemisphere as we traditionally see it. But I think, overall, as you think about where international margins can go, based on some of the comments Jeff made prior, I think not only are you seeing the investment in technology come to fruition and what we expect, but also just generally more activity in the international markets help improve – also seeing better pricing in certain regions around the world. That comes because of the tightness of tools, et cetera, that will drive that. So, I think that there is, obviously, continued progression on where we see international margins going, not just in the fourth quarter, but into next year.
Lance Loeffler: Yeah. Scott, I'm not going get into the details today on that. I think the point is is that we're focused on lowering our service delivery costs. And I think probably the most important point is is that we're being decisive, right? We're looking to move quickly around cost reductions in North America. We've seen some of those actions – seen some of the benefit of those actions that we took in 2Q. I'd just say stay tuned over the course of the next couple of quarters.
Lance Loeffler: Yeah. Appreciate the question, Chase. Look, I think in terms of the impact on software and product sales for the fourth quarter, it's relatively the same as we saw last year. So, not above or below what we experienced last year.  On the cost-cutting side, look, again, I'm not going to get into the details today on the call on how that transforms over the next couple of quarters, but we will keep you posted as that continues to develop.
Lance Loeffler: I think to try to call 2020, it's probably a little early, but we firmly believe that margins in D&E and the international markets are higher than where they are today. Obviously, we've got room to run. I think as the markets continue to improve and for the things that I sort of talked about maybe on an earlier question around activity, leads to tool tightness, more constructive pricing discussions and further implementation of our technology, particularly on the drilling side, we're encouraged by what we see. So, yes, the goal is to be higher than where we are today, clearly, but little too early to call on what would be our expectations for a 2020 market.
