David Lesar: Okay. Thanks Tim. And let me just quickly summarize and then we’ll turn it over to questions. The secular trend of service intensity in North America is driving significant improvements in equipment utilization, which is enabling us to implement price increases that lead to strong margin improvement in the first quarter. Going forward, we remain cautious on the natural gas outlook for the next several quarters, but we will continue to direct our resources to those basins that require our differentiated technologies.  International activity has been challenging in Q1. However, there are strong indications that are providing us with a confidence that a steady resurgence may be underway and will continue as we go into 2011. Our strategy remains the same. We will continue to execute our strategy of investing in key markets where we can leverage the breadth of our technology portfolio. We will strive to retain our expanded market position as the industry transitions into the next cycle.  So let’s go ahead and open it up for questions.
David Lesar: Yes, I mentioned one in particular. I think we’re starting to believe the North Sea will come back. Asia was hit with a series of weather related issues in Q1, so I think we see those projects continuing. West Africa continues to be reasonably strong. Middle East is steady. Algeria is a big wild card right now and things are in a little bit of a flux in that country. It’s a big area of operation for us, so that would be sort of the one wild card I see out there right now, but I wouldn’t point to one particular area as being particularly good or bad. I think the indications are it should be increasing just about everywhere in the Eastern Hemisphere.
David Lesar: Also just to add to that, since you’re looking at the Asia/Middle East region, we also had the startup costs on the South Ghawar project which is up and going at this point in time. And we have the continued ramp up and expense of building out our operations in Iraq. So the Middle East/Asia/PAC region basically had to bear all of that cost and a lot of that goes toward the D&E division.
David Lesar: I think, Angie, it’s more than conversations. We’re seeing projects get awarded, we’re seeing rigs get tender and awarded and being moved into places. And so we see these projects actually getting up and moving forward. So I think we see a real tangible effect of an increase in activity. You know as Tim has said, I think on the margin side we did not essentially cut back our infrastructure in any big way in the Eastern Hemisphere and we’ve got to absorb some of that capacity as this revenue streams comes back online. And then I think that with the higher oil prices that are out there today, our customers are just more confident that they can start these larger projects.  And I think it’s important to keep in mind, in the international markets, it’s primarily an oil driven market. The projects today are very, very large and so once they get started there’s essentially no turning back on them. But what our customers have been reluctant to do is start these projects in sort of the oil price environment we saw throughout last year. But we’re confident now they’re getting awarded, they’re going to get started, and once started there’s no turning back.
David Lesar: No. Absolutely not, Jim. We’re just now getting back to where we think we’re earning a reasonable return on those assets. You know the scenario you outlined is one that did exist sort of in the last uptick but you know we had pricing pushed down so far that we just frankly weren’t getting our cost to capital back on these assets, even though we continued to invest in them. And we’re now just sort of breaking through that point and we’ve got to be comfortably above that before we would have any discussions along the line of what you suggest.
David Lesar: Well I think, Jim, Tim can comment because he watches that closer than I do, but you put your finger right on it. I mean these shale plays, these unconventional plays still continue to be very, very disruptive to the equipment. And therefore you actually need to build a fair amount of equipment every year just to stay in place with your horsepower capacity. We’re taking 30,000, 40,000 horsepower out to some of these jobs today and so the turnover of your equipment and the maintenance cost is dramatically higher than it has been. So you clearly have to bring more equipment in basically just to replace the fleet that you’re grinding up.
David Lesar: Yes, I think we are seeing some tendering activity moving forward and I expect that you would see some awards on that this summer. I think that our customers are taking a bit of a wait and see to see how the new government settles out. I don’t think they’re concerned that there’s going to be a change in terms as much as they’re concerned just about getting a delay and getting their deal signed off on, their tenders agreed to and basically validated by Southern Oil Company or whoever has to sign off on it. But at this point in time, we’re not seeing any diminished enthusiasm for starting up their operations in Iraq.
David Lesar: Well, we’re in the process of building our first major base there just like our major competitors are and we also have plans for a series of bases. We know where they are. We’re in the process of securing the facilities and the land at this point in time. There’s going to be plenty of work in Iraq and believe me all the service companies will have opportunities there. So we’re going along at the pace we want and we’re confident we’re going to be successful.
David Lesar: Yes. Let me put a little more color on that. First of all, we’re seeing our vendors, our prop in vendors, sand vendors, etc., start to want price increases. So we will have some inflationary pressure on that side of the equation in terms of us getting our price increase. Our vendors are going to want some price increases. You know clearly we are the price leaders, especially in stimulation in North America and your observation is absolutely correct. Our margins in March were higher than the average margins that we had for the quarter. We’re not going to telegraph where our exit margins were or where we believe they can go, just because as a price leader we don’t want to put that out there for competitive reasons.  But I think the issue around the rig count, the issue around probably some reduction in the conventional gas plays, sort of push your rig expectations down. On the other hand, your rich gas and your oil plays push expectations up a little. You throw a little inflation in there and we really want to get through another quarter to really get a more accurate view of where this can go the balance of the year. And as we said, a lot of the repair and maintenance stuff, you know, we’re incurring that right now anyway.
David Lesar: But I think, Robin, to answer the question, you know, the reason they’re calling it a laboratory is that we are going to experiment with what may be the best way to drill and complete and produce these wells. And it would be at the end of these laboratory experiments that they will choose one or two companies to work with. And at that point in time, you would work out the incentive based structure that you would use going forward. So these labs don’t really have that in there. It’s to establish the baseline of what you might be able to do going forward and how you would benefit from that.
David Lesar: Yes. Algeria is a decent size market for us and for the industry, but it’s also a very high cost market. And so you have to have a base of business there to get the kind of returns, base of business in terms of revenue stream, to get the kind of returns you want. And because of some of the issues that are going on within the government and within Sonatrach, a lot of the decision making that would normally move your business along, i.e., the awarding of contracts; the extension of contracts; the approval of subcontractors, etc., is not going on. And so there is another situation where we essentially fully invested and have a very good business but a very high cost structure, and the revenues right now are not sufficient to overcome that cost structure. But there is a market that we’re committed to. We’ve been there a long time and we’re just going to wait for the politics to play out and then we should be able to resume our activities there.
David Lesar: I think what they just have to do is get a structure in place that can approve the awarding of contracts or contract extensions, etc., and then we can move forward. I don’t know what the governance inside Sonatrach is on that, but we’re hopeful that it will be happening fairly soon.
Timothy Probert: Yes, Kurt, this is Tim. I mean clearly we have mentioned on our call and previous calls that we expect the rig count to be ranged down over the course of the next couple of quarters. I think we’ve all been a little surprised at the speed of the shift from dry gas to liquids rich gas activity, and as I mentioned 35% of the land rig count now is directed in that liquid hydrocarbon range. So I think that we see a couple of things. We see a negative downward pressure on dry gas. We see some strong hedge positions. We see also the importance of drill to hold and we see the shift towards liquids plays, which most of the operators are discussing in some detail. So we think generally speaking we will see this range band of activity, dry gas dropping a little, some strength in liquids and the combination being in sort of a reasonably tightly band range.
Timothy Probert: Yes, clearly there is a tightening and I think that there is a general sense in some of these basins that our customers are challenged to get the work done in the timeframe in which they would like to do it. And I should sort of emphasize that perhaps this is more oriented towards our stimulation equipment than it is for every product line in which we’re active. But during the course of the year we have certainly undertaken a significant amount of rebalancing of equipment and focusing on those areas where we have the most significant opportunities for the short, medium and long-term. And so we certainly are taking opportunities to relocate equipment where it makes sense for us to do. And as we have told you previously, we have been adding a certain degree of maintenance capital to our fleet to insure that we can meet the challenges of very large, horsepower spreads which are in place today.
Timothy Probert: I would just add one thing to Mark’s comment there and that is that we did have one large project startup during the course of the quarter in Asia. The startup process was a little bit more protracted than we had originally anticipated and that did impact our costs substantially during Q1 for D&E.
Timothy Probert: Yes, just to add to that Jim, it might be helpful to think in terms of there’s about 7 million horsepower in North America today, based on sort of current estimates. And if you think about requirements for maintenance capital around that particular number, it’s going to be quite significant. Obviously at 5% you’re in the range of 300,000 to 400,000 horsepower per year. So certainly the scuttlebutt is we’re seeing some capacity being added into the market. Lead times for that seem to be in the sort of six to nine month range so it would suggest that, to us at least, that there’s probably going to be a muted addition of capital, certainly in the first three quarters of 2010.
Timothy Probert: I think, Geoff, clearly our concern is the current gas pricing fundamentals don’t seem to support the degree of dry gas activity which is underway at the moment. We certainly see that weakening. You know the fact of the matter is that as we move into more liquid areas including sort of true oil shales, there is a significant amount of intensity associated with the delivery of those jobs. And so you know we’re essentially shifting from a gas environment to an oil environment, which has a high degree of intensity. So I think that’s the shift that you’re seeing. But I think that most of us would believe that we will see some softening in the rig count for dry gas which will clearly relieve the pressure on overall service requirement.
Timothy Probert: That’s certainly possible, though current rig count performance sort of would indicate that even locations like the Haynesville are actually dropping a few rigs.
Timothy Probert: You know I think clearly for the long-term we have a very strong feeling about potential in Mexico. However, as we told you I think during our January call we’re basically holding onto our cost structure in Mexico in anticipation of a number of projects which would be underway in this timeframe, Q1, Q2 timeframe. The lag process which we discussed in January is underway but it is not going to lead to meaningful incremental activity until later this year and we are a little disappointed, clearly, as Dave mentioned earlier, with the rate of development of the market, given the cost structure activity which has been underway in the course of 2009. So we will monitor the process during the quarter of Q2 and take action accordingly.
Timothy Probert: Well really the focus today is the concept which Pemex are calling a lab concept, which really gives an opportunity to take a close look at subsurface and to really establish whether or not there really is a better way to prepare locations essentially to plan wells, as well as to drill and execute them. As to the collaborative approach, together with Pemex to try and identify more productive segments of the reservoir section that might ultimately improve the overall economics for them, which as you know has been a challenge. And so we continue to work very closely with Pemex in that regard, and clearly the combination of subsurface expertise combined with drilling and also with completion expertise is going to be the key differentiator for companies going forward.
Timothy Probert:: Let’s talk first of all a little bit about cost. I mean clearly we have maintained a position in our international markets for a degree of readiness with respect to projects that haven’t exactly happened in the time scale which we would originally have planned. So that clearly is a leverage impact from the cost structure which is in place. I think secondly, you know, once the international market does behave very differently to the North America market, the strength of the North America market does have an impact on the international markets and so the tightening of capacity and supply in North America is a favorable impact long-term, or I should say in the medium term in the international market. So we think there are a couple of variables which cause us to believe that in the Eastern Hemisphere that we have troughed essentially during the course of Q1, Bill.
Timothy Probert:: Yes. I think as the numbers or the incrementals from North America would suggest, Angie, that certainly in areas of our Drilling and Evaluation business related to the well construction activities we’ve seen, a stronger position there through the course of Q1. So anything really relating to the sort of horizontal activity has been good and we’ve generally sort of started to see improvement even in those product lines where activity has led to sort of very poor and slow movement on pricing such as wireline.
Timothy Probert:: Good question. I believe that the Angola contracts will be over about a six year period. The North America contract is, I think, four years.
