Eric Carre: Thank you, Jeff, and good morning. Our Q2 reported net income per diluted share was $0.80. Total company revenue for the second quarter of 2024 was $5.8 billion, flat sequentially. Operating income was $1 billion, a sequential increase of 5%, and operating margin was 18%, a sequential increase of 69 basis points. Beginning with our Completion and Production division, revenue in Q2 was $3.4 billion, sequentially flat. Operating income was $723 million, up 5% when compared to Q1 2024, and operating income margin was 21%. These results were primarily driven by strong international completion and production performance, offsetting softer results in North America. In our Drilling and Evaluation division, revenue in Q2 was $2.4 billion, while operating income was $403 million, both sequentially flat from Q1 2024. Operating margin was 17%, a sequential increase of 20 basis points. These results reflect the strength of our global D&E business despite the roll-off of seasonal software sales in Q2 which affected every region. Now, let's move on to geographic results. Our Q2 international revenue increased 3% sequentially. Europe/Africa revenue in the second quarter of 2024 was $757 million, an increase of 4% sequentially. This increase was primarily driven by higher well construction activity and improved wireline activity in Norway, along with increased completion tool sales and higher stimulation activity in West Africa. Middle East Asia revenue in the second quarter of 2024 was $1.5 billion, an increase of 5% sequentially. This increase was primarily related to higher activity in the Middle East across multiple product lines and higher fluid services in Asia. Latin America revenue in the second quarter of 2024 was $1.1 billion, sequentially flat. In North America, revenue was $2.5 billion, representing a 3% decrease sequentially. This decline was primarily driven by decreased pressure pumping services in US land and decreased completion tool sales and testing services in the Gulf of Mexico. Moving on to other items. In Q2, our corporate and other expense was $65 million. For the third quarter of 2024, we expect our corporate expenses to increase slightly. Our SAP deployment remains on budget and is on schedule to conclude in 2025. In Q2, we spend $29 million, or about $0.03 per diluted share, on SAP S4 migration, which is included in our results. For the third quarter, we expect SAP expenses to increase slightly. Net interest expense for the quarter was $92 million. For the third quarter 2024, we expect net interest expense to be roughly flat. Other, net expense for Q2 was $20 million, which was lower than anticipated, driven by favorable FX movements. For the third quarter of 2024, we expect this expense to be approximately $35 million. Our effective tax rate for Q2 was 22.5%, lower than expected due to discrete items. Based on our anticipated geographic earnings mix, we expect our third quarter of 2024 effective tax rate to increase approximately 1%. Capital expenditures for Q2 were $347 million. For the full year of 2024, we expect capital expenditures to be approximately 6% of revenue. Our Q2 cash flow from operations was $1.1 billion and free cash flow was $793 million. During the quarter, we repurchased $250 million of our common stock. For the full year 2024, we expect free cash flow to be at least 10% higher than in 2023. Now, let me provide you with some comments on our expectations for the third quarter. In our Completion and Production division, we anticipate sequential revenue to be down 1% to 3% and margins to decrease by 75 basis points to 125 basis points. In our Drilling and Evaluation division, we expect sequential revenue to increase 2% to 4% and margins to increase by 25 basis points to 75 basis points. I will now turn the call back to Jeff.
Eric Carre: Yeah, Neil, it's Eric. So as we said in terms of the working capital, I mean the working capital will evolve in a way that is consistent with our overall guidance of free cash flow being up over 10% compared to last year. We had more of a working capital headwinds in 2023, so that's a significant delta between the two years. And as an organization, we continue to focus on the overall efficiency of working capital as a whole. In terms of cash return, we bought back $250 million in Q1, $250 million in Q2, and I think generally speaking, it's a good kind of guiding point in terms of what we intend at this stage to do for the remaining of 2024.
Eric Carre: Yeah, I think the way to look at D&E margins is really the progression on year-on-year basis. There tends to be quite a bit of difference between different quarters as we recognize revenue around software impacts mostly Q1, Q4, et cetera. So it's really the year-on-year progression by quarter that you need to pay attention to from that perspective. We continue to improve the margins in D&E. We firmly believe that it continues as we get into next year. Jeff talked about the progression of the directional drilling business in North America. We continue to see progression and adoption of the new drilling technologies in the international markets as well. So directionally, we continue to be very confident in the growth of our D&E margins as we go into 2025.
Eric Carre: Yes, I mean, there's the -- the margin guidance is actually a combination of what we talked about for North America, but really Q3 margins in the international business are going to be lower than Q2 as well. So there's just not too much to read into this except there's a lot of moving parts in the business. It's not just North America. It's multiple product lines as well. So it is not all related to North America.
Jeff Miller: Thanks, Eric. Here are a few key points I would like you to take away from our discussion today. I am pleased with our 18% margins and about $800 million of free cash flow in the second quarter. We are well on track to deliver over 10% free cash flow growth this year. I'm excited about our international business where our technology portfolio has never been stronger. I am confident that our strategy to maximize value in North America is working, and I expect it continues to deliver strong returns. Finally, I am convinced that our collaborative approach and value proposition differentiate us from our competitors and are directly aligned with how our customers expect to drive improved performance. And now, let's open it up for questions.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, well let's -- still see a lot of demand, Dave, for e-fleets. I mean, clearly it's a leading technology and we rolled a couple out this quarter and signed some more contracts. And so, that's a runway through the end of this year and into ‘25 that we see today. We don't have any contracts that expires early till next year. And so, that's a process that we're working through. I'm not going to go through all that on this call, but we're signing up with repeat customers, which is a pretty good indicator of the value that they're creating. So, feel confident about that process, but really don't want to go through it on the call.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, I feel -- yes. Yes, still confident. I mean, these are the same customers in some cases that are signing up the second and even beyond their fleets. And so, no reason to believe that they would not. And we’re clearly on the path to the 40% in 2024 and 2025 as well. I mean, I think that's just that trajectory gets clearer every day.
Jeff Miller: No, you're not wrong. Look, I'm very confident around our business in the Middle East and as you say, I'm not going to talk about contracts, but Aramco obviously is a fantastic operator and we've got a lot of exposure to both the unconventional and the gas work in Saudi Arabia. We've got -- our typical services, a lot of exposure and even some creative sort of new things. So, I'm very optimistic, actually bullish around Middle East.
Jeff Miller: Look, it's -- primarily this is activity based. The fact that we -- and then we retired a few fleets during the quarter as well, but this is activity and that's, as we look at activity for the year, gas market actually took a leg down. I didn't think it would come up, but I didn't really expect it to take a leg down either, so it's not flat. And I think M&A takes some time to digest, and so that has an impact on activity broadly and clearly efficiencies. I mean, we've got terrific technology. We talk about efficiencies all the time, but we also catch up to rigs. Glad we're at the leading edge of that technology and that performance makes Halliburton more value, but it really doesn't change the activity outlook.
Jeff Miller: Look, they look strong for next year internationally. I mean, we see a lot of projects that are either just now being hindered or activity going into next year and in some cases, it takes a while to get the international up and going. And so, probably the activity that picks up [indiscernible] will be where it's sort of NOC driven, which would look in some cases like obviously the Middle East. Others where IOCs are engaged, it takes a lot of negotiation, contract extensions for them. And so, I'm seeing meaningful work. I just talked about my trip to Europe, Africa, and I see meaningful step-up there. Still excited about Latin America and what's possible there. And so, no, I feel really confident both in Halliburton's outlook for ‘25 and the industries.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, look, I think that customers, in a lot of cases, are working through plans for 2025 now. And, let me maybe just step back and give you kind of where I see capacity and industry structure, because I think that's really important from a services standpoint. We've got -- new equipment is not being built. The old equipment is attriting. And I think that, I talked about retiring fleets this quarter. I mean, this is sort of shrinking of capacity availability and it's happening pretty much in real time, I think, across the board. And clearly as we look at next year, I say all that to say, I do expect an increase in activity around companies that get sort of new plans in place. I expect assets end up in the hands of new teams, which is -- I never bet against North America entrepreneurs. That will happen. I do expect some pick up in gas next year, at least not a leg down from here. So, clearly, I would expect a leg up. And I don't think it takes a lot of activity to firm things up, I think, is the point I'm making here.
Jeff Miller: Look, there's a lot of discussion around what to do with gas. I think your point around data centers and alignment, it just -- in my view, that will be takeaway for gas at some point. Seems easier to lay data lines and gas pipelines. And the -- gas is such a fantastic fuel and resource for this country that I think it's directionally absolutely correct. In terms of timing, I think that will come on. I think it's early to still work through the mechanics of what that means to plants but I expect all that's coming together in the degree to which gas gets taken away that only creates more runway for oil in the Permian Basin. So I'm like -- I'm -- share your excitement around what data centers and AI mean for our industry in terms of natural gas takeaway and we've got a pretty good seat at that and get to watch it really closely and excited.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, thanks. Look, man, I'm really pleased with the technology in North America and I really like the way we're going to market with it because you were going to market with full services, our own services, we’re also selling direct sales and some rentals and that tells me three things about the technology. It tells me, A, it's in high demand. B, it tells me that it's very reliable because we could sell it that way and C, it's delivering performance And I'm really pleased with the customers that are adopting it because in my view, this kind of adoption is really, these are the gold standard of, in my view, drillers that, good drilling organizations that pick this tool up and say, wow, we really like it. We want more of it. And so, like I said, I think we've got a really good runway around drilling in North America and it's all rooted in sort of investments we've made over quite a few years, but I believe we're there today.
Jeff Miller: Well, look, we're sort of halfway through the year and we've got really good visibility into the balance of the year. And so I didn't think we'd hit the high end of the range. So wanted to tighten that up for you guys as we look out. Q4 will be the highest international quarter we have, typically with software sales and tool sales. But day in and day out, we're continuing to grow, and we're very focused on profitable growth. And as I think I alluded to earlier, my expectation is that we see a continuing march internationally of growth. And oil price says that, our clients are saying that, my own project inventory is saying that. So if you describe it as a push, that's one way to think about it. But just from where we sit today, I know what we can get done and I thought it would be worthwhile to narrow that a bit.
Jeff Miller: Certainly. Look, Saudi Arabia and Argentina today are meaningful markets that are -- really have heft and are executing. The -- and I think what has changed and so the rest of the middle east I'm excited about and Middle East is a pretty big place if you think about it in terms of sort of from the Mediterranean all the way to back into Saudi, that's a long way. But there's a lot of activity being talked about. And I think we're right in the middle of those, I think. I know we're in the middle of those discussions. We've got a lot of experience in this. And I think what's different today is the sort of ability to accept sort of what the testing is. The early days activity of this, I think there's a lot of sort of we've seen starts and stops internationally, but now we have a proven model in two international markets where you get through the initial phase and then it becomes a meaningful contributor to production and I think that's being sort of seen by other places where they have good reservoirs, good rock and working through, I think, very thoughtfully and pragmatically what does it take to get from A to B. And so from my perspective, that's a much better discussion than sort of a scramble or wildcat sort of move all over the world. These are very serious operators that are taking a long view.
Jeff Miller: Maybe a little more color on that, because when I think about our drilling business, we rolled out iCruise, which is the drilling tool, the BHA, and then, that penetration has grown to -- we're drilling a lot more feet with our iCruise than we are our legacy tools. Probably, 60%, 70% percent of our fleet is that today. But what follows on that is an equal sort of step-up in efficiency, performance and actually margin for us around our iStar technology, which is basically the LWD technology that goes with it. And that adoption or actually implementation is much less, I want to say, in the 20% range. So we've got a very good glide path of things that structurally improve margins for the most part D&E. And so I see that as part of my confidence around, look, we just need to continue to retire the old as it's time and replace it with the new. And that is structurally improving our capital efficiency.
Jeff Miller: Well, according to that business, it's clearly part of our portfolio, but it's also an inherently sort of lower returning business than the balance of our business. So we run it like all of our business with a focus on profitability and returns. I'm pleased at the pace we're filling our plant in Saudi Arabia. And that business has a long sales cycle. But we know a lot about chemicals and continue to execute that.
Jeff Miller: It's a couple things. It's a lot higher than that to start with. I mean if we just use sort of Btu 6 times, 6 times 4, at $4, you're still a long way from diesel prices. The other thing is the efficiency of the mousetrap. I mean, it's just -- our e-fleets are creating value well beyond the economic trade-off with gas. That's not to say there isn't a lot of runway around economic trade-off with gas, but that platform in and of itself is just a better operating machine and it provides technology for clients that really they can't get -- that's not available in another form. And whether that's AutoFrac, Octiv, what we're doing with sensory in terms of understanding recovery, a lot of this. And so we're able to help solve for delivering what was planned with precision and in measuring performance of what was placed in the reservoir. That's a whole different kettle of fish, but it's all attached to the ZEUS platform. And so all of that runs together. So when I think about e-fleets broadly, yes, there is the gas arbitrage which is happening all the time and like I said, long way to go on gas arbitrage before that ever comes up. But I think more importantly is what we're able to achieve with that technology for our customers.
Jeff Miller: Well, look, I think we talked about this. We'll eclipse 40% this year. I expect we're at 50% next year. And we continue to invest both in the -- we're at scale today. And that allows us then to both improve or continue to extend the technology around the pump itself and the power systems, and then also the software that we're talking about that really addresses in my view what operators are focused on which is recovery and placement and a whole lot of things that affect productivity over time. And so we're extending that moat around that technology every day. And so I'm confident that as we continue into the future, we've got quite a glide path of ideas and things that will make that, yet again, even more effective for customers over time. So, pleased with where we are there.
Jeff Miller: I think a lot of it, it's -- e-fleets are contracted. That's a large part of our business. The performance is leading in terms of efficiency and technology and we continue to invest in technology that differentiates Halliburton. And that's one of the key things. I mean, it's consistent with our strategy. I'll pivot back to our strategy just for a minute but we want to -- maximizing value in North America means that we're very targeted about what we do, what we invest in, where we spend money and on those things that we know will create differentiation. And clearly, technology is one of those key areas and not technology for the sake of technology but targeted technology that can solve for automation, that can solve for subsurface understanding and measurements, direct measurements. And so, that focus allows us to outperform on the revenue side of that and the maximize value again. That strategy hasn't changed at all and gives me a lot of confidence into ‘25 and beyond in terms of where Halliburton is in the market.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, I mean, it could be. We need to watch it unfold next year. But look, I -- again, I'll go back to -- our performance in the market is going to outperform. It's early on ‘25 but I’ve got confidence in the technology and the solutions that we provide for our customers that are unique and that puts us in the position to outperform.
Jeff Miller: No, not the case. Our clients -- that contract -- again, these are contracted with customers with long programs, they're going to use these e-fleets. It will be always -- if there were white space, this is the fleet that they will keep working no matter what. It is -- when you're delivering lower cost of ownership, you are -- and delivering the technology and the client is committed to the fleet, that's the fleet that's always working. And so, no, not worried about that.
Jeff Miller: No, I think the uncertainty around activity is really the driver here. And when we look at the second half of the year, we've had some customers that did -- we caught up with them and they're still customers and they plan to go to work again next year and maybe even later this year. So no, that's not my concern. It is, again, I'll pivot back to our strategy in terms of maximizing value. We've got a lot of tools that allow us to do that technically. And, I think it's just a question of pacing of things happening in -- whether it's setting plans or other things. But, the ‘25 will be, in my view, clearly higher than the second half of 2024.
Jeff Miller: Okay. Well, thank you. Let's wrap up the call here. I know all of you have a very busy day ahead of you, and maybe I'll give you a few minutes back before your next call. But as we close out today's call, it's important to step back and remember this. Halliburton delivered 18% margins and about $800 million of free cash flow in the second quarter. We're well on track to deliver 10% free cash flow growth this year. Our international business and its technology portfolio have never been stronger. Our strategy to maximize value in North America is working. We are committed to maximizing value, not market share, and I expect that strategy continues to deliver strong returns. Look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
Doug Becker: So, Halliburton's North America revenue is regularly outperforming the North America rig count. Just wondering if you could just highlight some of the key drivers of that outperformance that you expect going forward and really asking to try and calibrate how Halliburton's North American revenue might outperform the rig count next year.
Doug Becker: I mean, is it too aggressive to think about in a flat North America rig count environment? Halliburton’s revenue is still growing 5% next year in that type of environment.
Doug Becker: Right. That completely makes sense. And then just a quick one on the e-fleets. We've been hearing more talk about white space even on dedicated or contracted fleets. Just wanted to get a little bit better sense for your e-fleets. Is there any risk of white space? I fully appreciate that they're long-term contracts and they justify the returns, but just thinking about any potential white space risk on those contracts.
