David Lesar: Thanks, Tim. Let me just quickly summarize and then we’ll turn it open for questions. First of all for North America, the shift into oil and liquids-rich plays is going to lead to continued growth in overall activity for our U.S. land business. This will lead to further price improvements and higher utilization rates. Going forward we believe that the growth of these plays and corresponding service intensity remain opportunities for us and will serve to support the increase in demand for oil field services. Internationally the flat recovery we are experiencing today is consistent with the behavior of prior cycles. Going forward, we believe that volume increases will be steady but measured which will eventually lead to a meaningful absorption of equipment supply and giving us some pricing power some time in 2011. We obviously remain very bullish about the long-term prospects of our business. Our third quarter results reflect what we believe to be a very successful execution of our strategy in securing our key objectives of above average growth, margin and returns for our shareholders. Let’s go ahead and open it up for questions now, Christian.
David Lesar: Yeah. I think the – yeah, it’s a good question and one we debate internally all the time. The short answer is yeah, we do. Remember one of the things I said is that pricing is not yet to the 2008 levels. Now, I’m not going to give you a margin goal because I think for competitive reasons, we don’t want to put it out there. But the reality is with the move to more oily, more liquids-rich plays, the efficiencies that we’re doing, some of these new business model opportunities we have with customers bearing fruit, I think that there still is juice in the pricing game going forward into 2011.
David Lesar: Sure. I think that as I indicated, if you look at the rig count growth internationally although its been pretty good, it really was concentrated in five countries. And we see rig count coming up in other parts across the world. Algeria continued in Q3 to be a problem area for us and I think for the industry. And we see some signs that that is stabilizing at this point in time. Iraq, for us I think, should contribute some profitability as we get into 2011. And I think that will help because right now, we’re essentially incurring costs and next year, I think we will reap the benefits of that. So I would say that if you look to the offshore markets, West Africa, Brazil, places like that, I think that’s where you’ll see capacity absorbed and there for the ability to increase margins.
David Lesar: Yeah. I think -- this is Dave. A couple of things, the two big countries that drive West Africa are, of course, Angola and Nigeria. And we had won a significant amount of work in Angola earlier this year and have been basically in mobilization mode on that, especially in our drilling PSL and that work was really slow to get off the ground. But we start now -- we’re starting now to see the rigs get there, the work is starting and a lot of the mobilization costs are behind us. Nigeria is a bit of a different story in that although its been steady. It can be a good deepwater market and there are a number of projects that look like they are finally going to get off the ground but again, it’s more an absorption of capacity. Those are two countries where we have a very high cost base and you need to have a certain amount of scope and work to be able to cover that cost base. And over the past several quarters, we really haven’t had the volume of business to absorb that high-cost structure but we see that perhaps that is starting to change.
David Lesar: I think you are right. The customers, I talk to, are really starting to do a lot of scenario planning in sort of the $3 to $5 range for a period of time. And that’s one of the reasons that we are starting to experiment with some of these new business models and it’s not a model that just flattens down service prices. It’s a model that optimizes the drilling, the completion cycle, the data, the information cycle and allows our customers to make a return and allows us to make a return. But clearly it plays into one of the strengths we have, which is our ability to integrate together a wide range of capabilities which I think certain of our competitors are not going to be able to do. So I think that the dry gas basins, it’s in everybody’s interest. I think U.S. national security, our customer base, the environmental impact, it’s in everyone’s best interest to figure out a way to make the dry gas basins play out and produce and be profitable for everybody at a lower natural gas price and that’s our goal. And I’m confident that we can help our customers accomplish that.
David Lesar: I think, I guess, Jim, I’ll take a couple of issue. I don’t know what our competitors are saying because they obviously don’t say them to us, they say them to you. But I guess I would take issue with a couple of things. One, we believe that there is a first mover advantage in new markets and we want to be one of those first movers and therefore, we are bidding and winning work. We are establishing our capabilities on the ground, we are building a reputation within, not only the IOC customer base but the national oil companies that are watching the western service companies come in there. Two, one of the things that we have experienced is it takes a long time to bid and get a tender approved. And so I think that our view is by being on the ground, by working, that we have the opportunity to extend some of these contracts beyond their initial term because of the difficulties that a number of our customers have in getting things up and going. And three, I think that by building the critical mass, by being the first mover in terms of an advantage, by having all of our product lines on the ground, we will have a lower breakeven point than maybe those competitors that believe they can walk in later and that’s our strategy and we’re sticking with it. And I believe it’s going to pay off for us in the long run.
David Lesar: Well, I think, if you go back 12 months ago, there were relatively bullish comments made by PEMEX at that time. And I don’t say that in a disrespectful way to PEMEX, its just think it’s in their interest to keep as much of the service company interest engaged in Mexico for as long as possible. However, we have a business to run not only in Mexico but in the rest of North America. And there is a lot of demand for the equipment that we have tied up in Mexico or had tied up in Mexico. So it’s still a market that we like for the long term. We have won a significant amount of discrete services bidding that’s gone on down there in the past several months. But as far as these integrated projects go, I think the on again, off again nature of them really doesn’t lead to an environment where you can make consistent profits. So that is certainly something that we are going to reevaluate if those opportunities come back up. Ad we’ll have to decide whether we want to participate in them or whether there are better opportunities either for discrete services in Mexico or to pull that equipment or additional a pond of equipment out of there and redeploy it to other parts of the world.
David Lesar: No, I think it’s really a combination of the demand we see in the liquids-rich and the oil plays and again we’re very well positioned in those markets from an infrastructure and a technology standpoint. The other thing is we are positioned with the right customers that are the big players in these areas. So I think that as maybe the dry gas basins come under pressure, we will be less susceptible to margin pressure, margin declines in those areas. And we will be better positioned in the more liquids-rich end of it and that’s what gives us the confidence that this thing is sustainable to 2011. And then you just look at the demand that’s out there, we can’t get to all of the work for the customers and those key customers that we have today. So as they go to these new plays, we are getting stretched in term of our ability to serve them. So there’s actually in my view sort of a built-in market and market share that we could get with our existing customers, if we had more equipment. And then I think lastly our ability to integrate and optimize the drilling and completion cycle, all is what gives me confidence that this thing is sustainable, certainly through 2011.
David Lesar: Well, I mean, I’m not going to, Ole, I’d love to give you what our expected margins and returns are. Suffice it to say that over the terms of these contracts, we expect to make money on them and we expect to be profitable and making meaningful sorts of returns by mid 2011.
David Lesar: No, I think the Middle East region is reasonably profitable place for us now. But I think by mid 2011 we’ll be earning our cost to capital and we’ll have the upside from there.
David Lesar: In the International Markets, nothing really pops into my mind, Geoff. I’ll think about it while some of the other questions come in here. And if somebody points to me with an answer, I’ll give it to you but nothing off the top of my head.
David Lesar: Let me just add one point to what Tim said and go back to one of my earlier remarks is that we actually had product service lines whose margins did increase in Q3 in the Eastern Hemisphere but those margins were overwhelmed by the decline in margins for PE, as I said because of low vessel utilization and primarily PE was impacted by the project delays. So it wasn’t a homogenous market with respect to that. We do have product lines where the margins are moving up in the Eastern Hemisphere even in Q3.
David Lesar: Well, I don’t know how the other competitors are going to respond specifically but I would suspect that would be a likely outcome.
David Lesar: No. I think we certainly have looked at those announcements. We actually have talked to some of those customers about the rationale for doing it. I think that if you look at where we are positioned, we’re really not concerned about that. I think the companies that are to be concerned about that are those smaller pumping companies that don’t have additional product lines that will have to compete directly with that customer-owned equipment. But in our case, we see sufficient demand out there in the market that although it’s something we’re watching, it’s not something that bothers us at this point in time.
Tim Probert: The example that I was giving, Kurt, was the Eagle Ford and I was just picking it out as an example because there clearly has been a lot of activity there. And so the sort of 7 billion range relates to the transactions, which have been consummated there or at least announced there over the course of the last seven or eight months. But obviously, there are a lot of other transactions and a -- lot of other transactions and a lot of other oily basins too which I don’t have those details to hand. So to answer your question, we clearly are seeing the shift. We’re clearly seeing a significant amount of investment in these plays. And the data does not seem to suggest that it’s slowing down in any way. So we definitely believe that we’re going to see a continuation of that trend, including the sort of the joint venture type activity which brings if you like non-north America capital to play.
Tim Probert: Well, this is Tim, Bill. So let me, let’s just sort of go back to the trough last year, Q3 last year and sort of take a look at where we have seen or where we have the greatest momentum. And we call these double digit countries so the double digit growth rates and better, so as you would expect, Brazil, Argentina, the Andean countries in Latin America have all been very positive in that double-digit group. Libya, Nigeria, Russia, Oman, those also have very good momentum as well. And as you heard in Mark’s commentary, most recently we’ve sort of also seen some very good improvement in the U.K., in Venezuela, China and of course, Iraq and Southeast Asia, so I think what we’re starting to see is, I described those that have the historical momentum from the trough last year in Q3, so that’s a clear year-on-year comparison. And these additional countries that I just mentioned are starting to gather some momentum as we’ve seen on the sequential basis. So I hope that gives you a little bit of guidance in terms of where we’re seeing some of the improvement in activity.
Tim Probert: We can -- I think let’s just talk about the geology first of all and then we can talk about activity. I mean, I think what we are seeing clearly is a historically we’ve seen about 75% of the spend in the so-called Golden Triangle, Brazil, Gulf of Mexico and West Africa, and that’s still going to be very important for us. But clearly, what we’re also starting to see is a significant increase in new provinces, obviously Eastern Mediterranean, Malaysia, North West Shelf of Australia, just to name a few and they are becoming important new exploration provinces for our customers. So we definitely see that expanding. Secondly, with respect to the degree of introspection, I think there certainly has been a certain amount of introspection on behalf of our clients. They operate with global standards across the globe. And I think they are all working very hard to make sure those global standards are consistent with good practices. And there’s no doubt in our mind that we’ll continue to see good growth in deepwater activity around the globe.
Tim Probert: There clearly is some excess capacity in the international markets. So bear in mind that the international markets are not like the North American market. The North America market is pretty homogeneous. You can easily move equipment from one place to another. The international markets tend to be much more compartmentalized. So you can get local pricing and volume effects much more easily in the international markets. We definitely feel that the international markets are still very competitive and as we sort of outlined a little bit earlier, we expect margin improvements to come through volume rather than through pricing until we get into 2011.
Tim Probert: It’s going to be obviously very market specific. And I don’t think we really want to provide some guidance specifically on what those incrementals might look like.
