Jeff Miller: Thanks, Chris. Let me sump it up. I’m really happy with our 2017 results. They reflect our successful strategy and execution and put Halliburton in a great position. I’m excited about what I see for Halliburton in 2018. The macro is self-correcting. Commodity prices have improved. Unconventional activity is strong. The international markets are recovering. We expect to generate significant cash flow. Our value proposition is resonating with customers. And all of this together will continue to result in industry-leading returns. Now, let’s open it up for questions.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks, Jim. We’re in every market around the world, so we have great visibility into that. And the short answer is there still a lot of pressure. When I describe green shoots, I’m talking about activity. But that activity is spread thinly. A lot of capital available in the marketplace, and because activity is spread thinly, it doesn’t create the kind of tightness for a price inflection. And then, the concessions given were significant and in some ways continuing into 2018, some of those haven’t even been implemented. So, look, trust me, my tone is changed and I see price inflection, but I don’t think it’s until later 2018 and certainly we will see it in 2019.
Jeff Miller: I think it’s not this year, it’s not probably 2019. It takes -- that ramp is slower, Jim, because of contractual nature of the market and it’s really driven off of, first and foremost, tightness in the U.S. But, what we are seeing is I think the kind of commodity price support that will build that confidence with our customers, which will then create the tightness, which then creates the path back. And so, and I guess, my last comment on that, I think our value proposition is perfectly suited to drive back towards those normalized international margins, because we are so focused on maximizing asset value. And I think quite frankly that paradigm will continue.
Jeff Miller: Yes, thanks. So, I think that that progression is ratable as how I would describe that. I think, we see growing confidence and added rigs sort of progressively through 2018, obviously with some inflection coming later in those stages, as I've said. But, I don't see it as a spike. It's a confidence building and we grow into that activity. But, what I’m most excited about internationally would certainly be North Sea. I think that's a market that's going to have legs in 2018 and we'll see activity growing there. And we're certainly excited about how we're positioned there, clearly excited about I think Middle East broadly. Again, I think we'll continue to be resilient and will have some pockets of better activity.
Jeff Miller: Yes. That is fair, James. I mean, look, we're very excited about that franchise. And I've said that throughout even the downturn that investment that we made four years ago, five years ago and building out that footprint that is a valuable piece of franchise. And yes, capital is largely in place to execute on that. And that should be a very good business for us.
Jeff Miller: Well, Angie, I think, the activity in the market -- the market to start with is undersupplied. We’re well aware of what’s in the marketplace today and/or that’s going. And everything I see given the increasing intensity in completions, actually the drawing in of that ratio of rigs to spreads, which from 4 to 1 to 2 to 1, which really is an example of what that intensity looks like gives me a lot of confidence that it stays tight. And that metric I’m talking about doesn’t take into account wear and tear on equipment, which I think we’ve demonstrated is quite real, certainly through the downturn as we look at equipment that never came back in the market and the way that it’s working right now.
Jeff Miller: Well, I think from my perspective that has -- I said, originally that would take about four quarters and it’s taken about four quarters for things to turn over. So, as we look ahead, we’ve got a lot of ability to move -- because of the tightness, opportunities with pricing as we go into 2018. In fact, I’m quite confident that we’ll see all three of our levers executed that being price, utilization and technology.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I mean, we certainly are confident we get there. And yes, it starts with customer urgency, which we see; it starts with -- the second component of that is to be sold out, which we are. So, those two give me a lot of confidence around our ability to move on price. And to deliver, when we deliver, to deliver the 20% normalized margins. Obviously, C&P division will be performing very, very well. D&E just to follow that up, D&E is solid business for us. And I talk about our franchise. We expect to see -- D&E has made consistent progress through the downturn, both in share and margin recovery. And so, I suspect that we continue with that also for the fullness of the year.
Jeff Miller: Well, look, for us it all starts with our value proposition which is to collaborating engineered solutions and maximize asset value for our customers. But, if we think about that like a platform and then we add superior assets to that, then, our team is very effective at delivering integrated solutions where it’s a project management type outcome, but also discrete solutions. And so, I'm very pleased with clearly what we've done in the Middle East and what we've done in Brazil and all around the world. But, it really comes back to service quality, is fantastic and when we deliver that. All of our solutions are well-aligned with our customers. And that again takes a geographic view as well as a service line view, because we're aligned with maximizing asset value for our customers. And I think that's a key paradigm and the feature that we believe in and that's what we do.
Jeff Miller: In think there are other components to that. I think we've described that as having -- it's got international activity and it has got various different things in it that comprise that. But, I think it's a good surrogate for what we see in North America.
Jeff Miller: Yes. That’s what we see. I think, again, I’d describe it in terms of levers, so price is an important part of that, but as is some of the other things.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I mean, Bill, when I say foreseeable future, it’s kind of out as far as I can see. Now, it has limits in terms of where is that -- visibility perfect or not. But, yes, I’m confident that we have, works in 2018 and that’s why say, I am really excited about 20018.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Bill, I trust in the strength and sophistication of our HR organization. We’re the biggest service company in North America and that means we operate the business. I think we operate it across the entirety of the U.S. though as you say some markets are tighter than others. But, we’re able to recruit and even non-traditional -- clearly recruit in non-traditional oilfield markets as well. And these are really good jobs in the oilfield. And so, we mitigate the labor issues through the national recruiting effort. And it’s important to remember that this is the same human resources machine that hired 21,000 people in 2014. So, I’m confident that we find the people to do the work.
Jeff Miller: Look, I see them in the same ballpark just over maybe a different timeframe. But certainly, I mean, those businesses are substantial; they’ve got great value propositions, they have grown share, delivering terrific results as well. I think about for example, I could pick on individual technologies, but it is BaraShale Lite for example, a fantastic breakthrough and fluids technology that does two things. It actually improves efficiency and it’s just a better solution. So, we’ve got a number of those and those are the kind of things that as they get rolled out, move margins up, it takes share to start with though. 
Jeff Miller: Look, I think, you see all of that to a degree moving together. We'd always said that, those didn't fall. Other service lines didn’t fall as faster as far as frac. And so, the comeback would be less dramatic and pronounced than frac. But clearly, there is a flight to quality around those other service lines as well. And we do have pricing traction in those other service lines.
Jeff Miller: Yes, great question. And look, we listen to our customers. And because we listen and don't lecture, we understand the message that they get from their shareholders. And there are many different customers with many different strategies. Clearly, there is a group that's interested in generating more cash and being more disciplined. There is another group that has acreage that they absolutely want to prove up and their stakeholders want them to do that. And so, I think you can't think North America was a single brush certainly in that regard. But, what I can tell you is that those sets of customers are going to be working and busy in 2018, and I expect busier in 2018 than they were in 2017.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I think I'll start with attrition. And I think attrition is a real dynamic, though it may take the form -- I used the degradation on the call this quarter, just because in many cases what happens it become too expensive to bring back. But, there is a quite a bit of cost associated I think for the industry in terms of keeping that equipment in the marketplace. So, that's a real number, but it's difficult to give you a number on that though it drove -- if you try to look at what was in the market before the downturn, what did make it back out for the downturn I think is indicative of sort of the pace of degradation or attrition that happens. But, the market today clearly is undersupplied in our view. And, I think you ask about increased intensity or more stage counts and longer later is going to drive more wear and tear on equipment, which is simply the number of reps. When I compare it to 2014, I am more confident just because we've increased or we’ve deepened the amount of Q10 technology we have in the market which consistently bears up better to that kind of stress, ergo the reason we’re able to execute with less horsepower on location than what we see in the market.
Jeff Miller: No, Waqar. I mean, it’s just kind of down the middle. I would describe -- that dynamic is really what I think optimization looks like. And so, we will keep an eye on that, but we haven’t seen a lot of change in the last quarter.
Jeff Miller: I think that underestimates it. But, I’m not going to call on where we see pricing. That’s certainly competitive for us and I think it’s also a function of where you are in the marketplace. Where you start, drives what that percentage is. But, nevertheless, tightness and urgency, which all of this begins with customer urgency, which clearly we see today is the support for that price.
Jeff Miller: Look, primary activity being as we’ve always said Argentina from an unconventional perspective has the kind of rocks and the beginnings of infrastructure that make that, we’re very excited about that. We’ve got solid pumping businesses in a number of markets around the world that we’re excited about. And I’m always also excited about the ability to apply multi-staged frac to tight reservoirs and what have been sort of historically under-produced reservoirs. So, you see those in a few other countries around the world and also in some offshore markets where we create value.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think it's undersupplied. Clearly, we've estimated 1.5 million horsepower probably somewhere like that. And what continues to keep it there is the degradation on equipment and the intensity growing around completions. And that's meaningful and that's longer laterals, that's more stages; in some cases more sand, in some cases less; but in either case, simply more activity driving the demand. And then to that point, the flight to quality that we see towards our assets, our platform and approach to work, I’m very confident and excited about 2018.
Jeff Miller: Look, we said all along, we reached sort of the highest share we’ve ever had as we worked through the downturn. And our intent had been to settle at a higher than our historical share through the recovery, and that’s what we’ve done.
Jeff Miller: Thank you, Candice. Before we close up, I’d like to just reinforce a couple of key points. First, I’m excited about what I see for Halliburton in 2018. The commodity prices have improved and unconventional activity is strong. And finally, we expect to generate significant cash flows and industry-leading returns. So, I look forward talking to you next quarter. Candice, you can close out the call.
Chris Weber: I mean, in line with our guidance, I mean, expect Q4 to be down. You’ve got the typical benefit of year-end product sales in the fourth quarter and seasonal pullback in activity in the first quarter in certain international markets. But going forward, looking at C&P very much in line with what Jeff said, normalized margin target is still there and we’re working towards it. And for us to be able to do that, C&P is going to have to be a big driver of that, and so, very much committed to achieving that sometime in 2018.
Chris Weber: Normalized margins obviously focus on North America. C&P is the biggest driver of North America results. And so, those are going to need to be in line.
Chris Weber: Yes. So, we -- right now, we said in the call that 2018 CapEx would be in line with D&A. We think D&A is going to be around $1.6 billion in 2018. 
Chris Weber: Yes. That’s EPS. And obviously, tax reform does impact, but don’t forget, we have the -- we’re losing that interest accretion on the promissory note in Venezuela. So that’s why we guided to the higher net interest expense in the first quarter. Those could -- it's going to be a push.
Chris Weber: Yes. So, we've discussed before, we’ve got that $400 million maturity coming due in August this year and we intend to retire that. After that we’re going to -- everything is really looked at through the returns lens. And we'll think about where we could deploy capital with regards to growing the business, where we can generate those leading returns. And if we don't have opportunity to present themselves there, we'll look at returning it to shareholders, both considering share buyback and dividends.
Chris Weber: I wouldn’t say it’s urgent, it’s something -- like Jeff said, we're excited to be having that be the dialogue, further dialogue internally and thinking about when and what the right timing is. And so, we think that's a great reflection of where we are from a cycle recovery perspective. And so, you’d also ask just about kind of where we'd like to see debt metrics and we talked about this before. But mid-30s debt to cap, and we want that -- our debt-to-EBITDA to be under 2.5 times.
Chris Weber: Yes. What we said is that we expect to achieve a free cash flow conversion kind of in line or greater than peers. And so, that's what we're working towards. And that largely comes through capital discipline. Obviously if the market is ripping and we see lots of opportunities to put capital to work at great returns, we'll have to look at that. But, in a sustaining market environment, free cash flow conversion, in line or better than peers is what we're shooting for.
