Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks, James. Yes. The outlook or the catalysts are clearer than probably they’ve ever been which is a bit of a rarity in our business, but as we now look at the budget resets we know that has to happen, we know that will happen, our customers have done a good job of working sort of within their budget this year. But as we look at 2019 and a higher commodity price that really sets up well for adding to budgets in the next year. And at the same time if we look at DUCs, DUCs are at historical high. Those are the kind of things that get worked off. We get back to the higher global oil price, that has an impact on hedging as hedges roll off, new hedges get put on. So again, all of these are things that we can see and certainly leaves me to a view that Q1 is better than Q4, and that momentum would then build on the back of all of those catalysts. As far as the timing of those catalysts, look like they happen next year. I’m not going to try to call it timing, but confidence it they happen. The -- internationally, similarly the underspend that’s happened for the last three years pretty extraordinary, and I think that just the requirement to reinvest in a lot of these places is driving what I see as the recovery.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Look, I'm super excited about this technology. I mean it's doing what I thought it would do. Its performance is terrific and it’s equally important its performance is terrific in my view, at a lower cost and that makes returns for us both of those do. And so, I think as I said in my comments its in three markets; North America, we’ve got it international today. It’s doing what I thought it was capable of doing. And really we’re -- like everything it’s a journey and so there’ll be more to come.
Jeff Miller: Yes. So, when we look ahead I’ve described the catalyst. I’ve been less prescriptive on the timing of those catalysts but they start to happen in 2019. And I think that – I’ve talked to customers. They’re eager to get to work. Obviously there’s seasonality that happens in the fourth quarter and into Q1, but we get on the road to a better market as those things that do happen, happen. So for example, by that I mean budgets they do reset, companies get back to work. And I think generally there's bias to do more next year not less particularly with where the price is. So without being as prescriptive those things start to happen in 2019.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Bill, all behave differently I suppose. I would say, probably Eagle Ford response probably more quickly with budget resets. I think probably we’d expect some response in the Northern Region as we -- or say Northern Region, DJ, Eagle Ford, -- DJ and sort of Bakken as things reset up there. But the -- it will happen in as it happens. Certainly the weather can be in that mix, but I actually -- getting back to work broadly I think is certainly the most impactful piece of that and customers really want to. I think that budget discipline, our capital discipline that we saw this year to a degree, the reaction in Q2 is sort of had a carry on effect and so I feel like as things reset there’ll be lot more appetite to do more. Bill.
Jeff Miller: Yes. The trouble, Bill, every customer is different and each has their own strategy and response to what out there. So I’m careful when I make blanket statements. So, if you just step back and look at the kind of consolidation that’s happen in that market, that certainly doesn't happen to do less, the kind of activity that we see out there. So the timing and pace, so I think will be an individual decision by different customers, but clearly they’ll be a reloading that goes into next year.
Jeff Miller: I mean the cyclicality will occur internationally, Bill, there are other things in there that – there’s Latin America, there is North Sea. We do quite a bit of C&P work in a lot of different markets. So, just don't want to call that right now.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks. I mean there's a couple of things. It starts with customer urgency. And what we're seeing with budgets right now is sort of the opposite of customer urgency. When we see that creep back in around higher commodity prices more activity to do, I expect we'll see opportunities for pricing leverage swing back to service providers. We saw that early this year. We saw a quite a bit at the year before. I don’t expect it to be different. I think the equipment today, I’ve said it many times, it is working harder than it’s ever worked and that means equipment is wearing out at a pace that it's not as abundant as one might think. I think the second piece though that over time is – and I don’t want to talk about technology of over time being around the subsurface, which I spent time talking about Prodigi which is beginning piece of that and also go for this quarter, but many other things we’re doing around modeling that really ask how do we make more barrels or how do customers make more barrels per well and I think that's going to be very important over time.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks. When I step back and look at it, right now, we're on and I think the best business in the big service market today. And under the right conditions can we get there? Yes. I believe we can. But that doesn't change what we're doing today in terms of addressing the market, making the best returns in the market and truly investing in this market for the long-term.
Jeff Miller: Well, I don't think so. I mean I think there's a lot of demand for what we do, and I think the equipment gets worked harder and it will -- the technology of better pumps and those kind of things will prevail over time from an efficiency standpoint, but I think the bigger piece of efficiency that I was talking about earlier is around productivity and the investment and that I think will drive a lot more demand for what we’re doing. I mean, the core of the core is only – is a finite resource. So I think as we look out what we’re doing around our intelligent frac strategy and what customers will have to do in order to be successful, will continue to consume more, not less, I guess, for lack of a better word.
Jeff Miller: Well, I think the efficiency lever is progressively harder to pull in terms of amount of time. I mean, literally more sand, bigger stages, takes longer to pump. I mean, you start to reach, generally, limits around what faster looks like. And there's a lot of debate at the minutia level around A versus B but realistically, overall, how much more does that move? When I think about making better wells over time, I think that will be more and more significant, just because the complexity of how this gets done will increase. And, typically, it involves working equipment harder, even if not necessarily faster, which I think keeps us all very busy over a much longer period of time, over the long-term. And so for that, I mean, I just continue to see the demand certainly for what we do and I think that technology component will become progressively more important.
Jeff Miller: Well, yes, I look at everything through a returns lens. And back up. When we allocate capital and we think about what we do, I look first at what do we do that’s unique? What can we do that is unique and drive differentiation? And with respect to sand, we do more around moving it and pumping it and that’s really our uniqueness. So you see us spend our capital on either equipment or technology around that equipment that don't add much technically to a grain of sand. And we’ve got great partners that we work with and I think we have always found that there's plenty of sand in the marketplace and the best thing to do is make the best returns. And I don’t see that for us with sand.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Look, I’m real excited about our drilling activity. I talked about technology but what we’re doing with Sperry and how that has an impact on all of our business, I think that's important. I think I’m also excited about C&P internationally. We’ve got a pretty big book of that out to go do and I think there’s a lot of demand in markets to address, either unconventional or tight formations, in an effort to make more production. But I also think, if we look out at 2019, it’s a bit of a mixed bag in the sense that there are going to be markets like Asia Pacific and Europe, Africa, Eurasia that, in my view, recover more so, pretty strongly, on a percentage basis, just given where they started. But there are other parts of the market, Middle East, that have been fairly resilient throughout the downturn. And so that, while fantastic business and market, may mute to a degree that absolute amount of growth. But to be seen, if I look at next year, we're looking on the plan now. But are we high single digits? Are we double digits? That feels like about the range.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I think the drilling equipment is probably the tightest thing in the marketplace today. And as it gets -- as we work into 2019; that will drive, I suspect, a better view of pricing, better pricing. Again, on anecdotally, we have discussions every day with customers. But at the same time, big projects continue to be competitive. So that’s why that’s a bit of a mixed bag. I think we've got the ability to optimize those things as we work through 2019 and I suspect it's a better year, certainly, than last year as it recovers..
Jeff Miller: Yes. I mean, IOC -- well, let's back up. Take offshore as far as deep water versus shelf, then deep water, it'll be -- I think it plays a role. It certainly does. North Sea, we've talked about North Sea and as that sort of gains momentum into next year. But generally speaking, it's going be mature fields. So if I slice it by mature fields versus offshore or onshore, it feels, certainly, like that’s a better part of the business. And, again, from Halliburton’s standpoint, it lines up perfectly well with what we do, in terms of completions and I talked about what we’re doing around wireline and case fill wireline and some of those kind of things. So I think it shapes up really well for us.
Jeff Miller: Well, they are such different size and sort of pace, it’s hard to say. I mean, I think the international will grow for different reasons, partly being more NOC-led, and that’s really around mandates by governments to produce more. North America is such a dynamic sort of capital market driven growth that if we see -- where we see oil price shape up I think North America has the ability to move faster than we’ve seen that in the past. And I try to describe the catalyst that are out there that would allow that to happen, so I think that let’s get through the planning but from a growth standpoint, it feels stronger in North America but to be seen.
Jeff Miller: Well I would think for Halliburton and I think we’ll do more maintenance as we go through the Q4 as I described just to be ready for 2019. I think broadly, the size of stages, pressure and rate all conspire to work the equipment harder than it’s ever worked. And so I think we put a lot of effort into managing maintenance how we manage maintenance, the technology of maintenance. We got a tech group that looks at maintenance and so I think all of those things are important to our performance in North America more specifically around doing maintenance, we know it’s important and plan to do it as we get through Q4.
Jeff Miller: Look, I’m going to say it’s too early to call only – we’re looking at all types of technology all of the time, but what underpins all of that is returns and uptake and sustainability. And so that’s again I think it’s earlier to call out one, but we are certainly looking at it among other things.
Jeff Miller: Yes, thanks Nicole. Look before we close out the call, just like to make a couple of final points. First, I believe Q4 represents the bottom of the temporary North America dislocation. We can see the NAM recovery catalyst and expect Halliburton to benefit as they manifest. Second, I’m excited about the early stage international recovery and believe Halliburton is better positioned than ever for success. And then finally, our strategy and focus on capital allocation positions Halliburton to continue delivering industry leading returns. So I look forward to talking with you next quarter and Nicole, please close out the call.
Chris Weber: Well, it stays fairly competitive internationally. And so I can point to anecdotes where we are able to get pricing, but the bigger projects remain very competitive. When I look at those kind of projects certainly the – we have a bias for returns. But I think we’ve demonstrated, we can grow in that market, not growing that market, but at the same time I think the competitive pressure is probably more than we think. Those contracts will get worked off, will get work through and optimized, but I do think that will take a little bit of time.
Chris Weber: Yes. Well, it’s a – that’s not a global comment. We look at North America; I'm pretty excited about what we see. The Q4 looks like a bottom. The recovery -- rather than call it the timing and pace of it, we’ve talked about the catalysts that happened next year. When I think about the technology that we’re investing in around surface efficiency and maybe more importantly subsurface efficiency, I think all of those things frame up where I’m pretty excited about 2019. Internationally, there’ll still be some seasonality that we always see in international, Q1 to Q2 to Q3 which has sort of a fairly predictable cycle. So internationally excited about the recovery, it continues. But it's a little bit different than the North America that we think about.
Chris Weber: I’ll take that sort of a third quarter piece. I mean when you look at within our C&P division specific to the North America land, really pricing is the biggest driver activity roughly flat quarter-on-quarter. There’s really, you know when we think about activity coming down is really in relation to the expectation what we would typically see in the third quarter, but on a sequential walk, roughly flat, so really pricing story in the third quarter. Moving into the fourth quarter, it’s going to be more activity, as we see pullback from our customers, budget exhaustion and your seasonality taking effect.
Chris Weber: We’re focused on a strong balance sheet. I mean this doesn’t change our perspective on our target debt metrics. We’ve talked debt-to-EBITDA being underneath two and half times which definitely, line of sight on that, debt-to-cap being in the mid 30s. And that will take time to work towards. Maybe we have a strong balance sheet today. I think it continues to get stronger over time. But when we look at just opportunities for using that cash right now and we take into account the progress that we've made repaying debt $2 billion over the last two years, 400 million of that in the third quarter. And again in relation to opportunities that we see now including share repurchases we just feel like there's better uses for that cash right now.
Chris Weber: I think we’ll see slight improvement in both revenue and margins in D&E. Like I said, largely driven by year-end product sales or I should say software sales from Landmark which should be difficult.
Chris Weber: Right now, Jeff, talked about the North America land reaching a bottom in the fourth quarter. Don't want call bottom on anything else at this point, but we do think from an activity perspective North America land in the fourth quarter feels like a bottom.
