Chris Weber: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning. I’ll start with the summary of our third quarter results compared sequentially to our second quarter results. Total company revenue for the quarter was $5.4 billion, representing an increase of 10% while operating income was $634 million, an increase of 55%. These results were primarily driven by increased activity and pricing in North America. Turning to our division results. In our completion and production division, third quarter revenue increased by 13% while operating income increased 32%, primarily resulting from improved activity in pricing throughout North America land in our pressure pumping, completion tools and cementing product service lines. On the international side, increased completions activity in the Middle East and the start of new contracts in Brazil improved results. In our drilling and evaluation division, revenue and operating income increased by 4% and 44%, respectively. These increases were primarily due to increased drilling activity in the Middle East, North America and Latin America. Globally, we saw sequential improvement in all of our drilling and evaluation product lines. Let’s take a minute to review our geographic results. In North America, revenue increased 14% sequentially, driven by increased utilization and pricing throughout the United States land sector in the majority of our products service lines, primarily pressure pumping as well as higher well completion and pressure pumping activity in Canada. In Latin America, we saw revenue increase by 4%, primarily driven by increased activity in Argentina, production group activity in Brazil, and increased drilling activity in Mexico. These results were partially offset by reduced well completion activity in Venezuela. Turning to Europe, Africa and CIS, revenue increased 6%, primarily due to improved utilization in the majority of our product service lines in the North Sea and improved drilling and well completion services in Russia and Nigeria. The results were partially offset by reduced activity in Angola. For Middle East/Asia, revenue increased 3%, primarily as a result of increased activity in the Middle East and project management activity in Indonesia, partially offset by reduced activity in pricing across Southeast Asia and lower project management activity in Iraq. Our corporate and other expense totaled $71 million in the third quarter and we expect our fourth quarter will be comparable to this quarter. As a function of our reduced debt balance, we reported $115 million in net interest expense for the quarter. Looking ahead, we expect net interest expense for the fourth quarter to remain at a similar level. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter came in at approximately 27%, slightly lower than expected due to variability in our earnings mix. For the fourth quarter, we expect the effective tax rate to range between 27% and 29%. Cash flow from operations during the third quarter was approximately $1.1 billion. Providing some color on our near-term operational outlook. As is typical for the fourth quarter, a combination of weather, holidays, budget constraints and year-end sales make forecasting a challenge, but this is how we see it playing out right now. Similar to prior years, we expect our U.S. land results to moderate in the fourth quarter due to the holidays and lower efficiency levels experienced in the winter months, particularly across the Rockies and Northern U.S. In our international business, we believe the typical seasonal uptick in year-end product and software sales will be lower this year versus traditional levels as customer budgets are largely exhausted. Given these factors, in our drilling and evaluation division, we expect North America revenue will change in line with the average U.S. land rig count while international revenue will increase by low-single digits. For our completion and production division, we expect that our North America revenue will outperform the average change in U.S. land rig count by several hundred basis points while international revenue will increase by low single digits. We expect the operating profitability for both of our divisions to increase marginally in the fourth quarter. Let me turn it back to Jeff for a few closing comments.
Chris Weber: Yes, this is Chris. We’re not giving guidance on incrementals. We’re focused on margin expansion. We talked about margin improvement and our profitability. When we look at the pace that we’re at, I mean, we got almost a 1,000 basis points of margin expansion in few quarters of C&P. And Jeff spent a lot of time talking about the path towards those normalized margins, the levers that we have to pull. So, we’re confident of that path. Now, remember C&P is more than just frac and P&E in North America. We’ve also got our production business lines; we’re investing in those business lines, looking to grow in line with that Summit acquisition. So, there are other elements of that, but we feel strongly about that path with the levers that we have to pull that Jeff laid out.
Chris Weber: Yes. So, I mean, just in terms of the balance sheet and we’ve talked about desire to further delever. I mean, we retired the $1.4 billion earlier this year. We’ve got a maturity in August of next year, $400 million that we plan to retire. We like to see our credit metrics normalize, debt to EBITDA under 2.5 times, debt to cap moving back into 30s and so focused on working towards those metrics.
Chris Weber: Yes. This is Chris. I’ll take that. As I mentioned earlier, in terms of use of free cash flow, we are still focused on debt retirement and we have the $400 million maturity next year that we intend to pay off. We’ll consider growth opportunities, both acquisitions and organic and want to be value accretive, generate industry-leading service company returns, and that’s in terms of absolute level and the speed with which we realize those returns or short duration or rapid payback. And after that, we’ll look at returning cash to shareholders and considering both dividends and share buybacks.
Chris Weber: Yes, and this is Chris. Like we said, we’re on the path, fourth quarter with the seasonality and weather, holidays, customer budgets, I mean, obviously not representative of what that normal path looks like, but with the margin guidance, the revenue guidance that we provided, we think that’s generally aligned with consensus estimate.
Jeff Miller: Thanks, Chris. In closing, there are few things I want to highlight. First, I am very pleased with our third quarter results. I want to thank each of our employees for their hardworking commitment to execute at every turn and deliver Halliburton’s value preposition. These results clearly demonstrate the strength of our franchise and our ability to adapt to any environment. Second, Halliburton’s relative performance in the 2018 will remain strong, as a result of our ability to grow our North America revenue and margins, and improve our position in our international businesses. Finally, our strategy is working and we intend to stay the course. We are focused on delivering superior execution for our customers and achieving industry-leading returns and cash flow conversion for our shareholders. Now, let’s open it up for questions.
Jeff Miller: Thanks, James. Look, our strategy is pretty simple and very executable, and it’s to be the best service company. And that means we focused on leading returns, margins and revenue growth, and along with that technology, directly focused on returns, collaborating with our customers, the strong BD group, and then delivering service quality. I think that returns focused, I mean that is our strategy and is working.
Jeff Miller: Look, I -- when we look at the market as it’s playing out, I think we have what we need to execute. And as I described, what we see in front of us in terms of activity as I described international, described North America, I think at that sort of pace, then we ought to have a business that returns solid cash flow from that kind of market. And so, when I’ve described those types of parameters it’s to describe what we see. And you know again, focused on returns means that we are very efficient and we drive a lot of velocity with the equipment that we have, utilization, things of that nature, spend a lot of time talking about that. But that is in fact how we see generating a lot of cash flow.
Jeff Miller: Well, I think we’re always going to be about returns. Clearly, we need share to drive the volume and the scale, and that’s where the efficiency and some of the things that I talk about are more meaningful at scale. But, specific to the building question, I’m just going to go back to what I said on this, answered this a couple of quarters now, but the three conditions being to meet client, leading edge pricing and generating adequate returns. But I don’t think that -- there is a lot of juice in utilization, there is a lot of juice and in effect market share comes from better utilization. So, I think you kind of under estimate the number of levers that we have in the market when it comes down to something that binary.
Jeff Miller: Yes, thanks. This is -- for us, we call that integrated asset management, and it is really a capital allocation question; it’s where do we put our capital and what will make the best returns. And so, -- and along with those better returns, my view, a key part of that is asset velocity and to produce returns for shareholders. So, we’re not going to tie up our cash and things that we think had longer duration and likely lower returns. We have done some smaller deals, we’ve done a few things, we understand this space. And when we do it, we’ll do it with other people’s money to maintain those kinds of returns.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Bill, I think that’s reasonable. Our guys push price all of the time. And so, maybe not accelerating the way it did in the spring, but still opportunity and momentum in North America. I think if we look at Q3, bit of a cause just as commodity prices bounced into the 40s, but we talked about, first and foremost finding the right customer to drive efficiency, and it doesn’t change the demand for our services today, and along with that comes ability to move on price.
Jeff Miller: Well, I think if the question’s around the path to normalized margins, I’ve always said, it starts with customer urgency. We see that, calendar power being also important in terms of driving utilization and working with the efficient client. In terms of how far there is to move, each of those levers has fair amount of ways to move. I won’t give you the specifics, but it’s one of those things that we work every day. But it’s the precision around, for example what happens on location being able to measure all of those steps. And again, the measurement scale is a bit of a different matter. But, what’s special about that is that now when we make changes and drive efficiency, again driving better utilization, we can drive across just a fleet at a time. And so that gives me a lot of confidence around the ability to improve the number of turns on equipment in a day. From a cost perspective, we’re constantly working that. I’ve talked about our continuous improvement being one of the pillars of our strategy but really, Angie that’s what we do to systematically drive cost out of all of the components of our business. And often times that includes technology, I referred to some of that in my script. But, it’ll also be technology that takes all kinds of forms, some is customer-facing, a lot of it internally facing, so that all of that value accrues to us in terms of reducing costs. I hope that helps.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks, Angie. That’s probably about 60% of the fleet Q10 today. But again, big push several years ago with our retrofit, the fleet with Q10, don’t have that same requirement today, and that’s when we talk about capital, that’s why I’m comfortable with the kind of capital progression we laid out in this kind of market, because there is a very natural sort of replacement that happens over time. I will do that with Q10s, but I don’t think it’s going to be -- it won’t be anything like maybe what you’ve seen in the past. And the Q10s really have delivered and we continue to go to market with solidly less horsepower than competitors. And I think that also gets to -- if we think about the industry’s pace of replacement, I think we’re going to well outperform that and that’s going to show up in the form of returns.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Short answer, yes, Jud, on to get there in 2018. The pulling on the different levers, you know us; we’re going to pull every lever we got. But those are the big levers that when we pull them, have the more meaningful impact. So, I’m not going to break one above the other necessarily, actually all three of them are very powerful. And we’re working this.
Jeff Miller: Yes, thanks. Well that’s the all of production is an opportunity for us to grow, in our wheelhouse, it’s -- as I talk about our strategy to collaborate an engineered solution, that fits well with what we do. Summit was such a nice add, I give a shout out to the new employees we have from Summit, fantastic business and yes, very scalable. And clearly, the plan is to scale that beyond the U.S. and to our international operations. And those activities are underway. The other components of that, I’ve talked about chemicals. I think that will likely be a more organic move than it is M&A, maybe a little bit a bolt-on around that. But, the guys are working hard at that every day, and I really think that that is something that we will just systematically build out and we’ll talk about it from time-to-time along that path, probably not every quarter but as it continues to grow, we’ll give you a better insight into that.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I mean, Jim, our board is full through the first part of 2018 and the reality is the only people that probably talk to more customers than me is my BD group and I talk to the BD group every day. And so, we’re having constructive conversations about 2018 and encouraging discussions. I think the $50 oil through the planning cycle is a great thing, yes, and I mean this is the right time. And so, they are absolutely planning to work next year, hedges are getting in place. And I think it’s -- interesting thing, when we talk to our customers, we don’t lecture our customers, I mean, we listen to them. Because we listen to them, we hear the message that they are getting from their stakeholders, and I think this is important point. Because all of our -- with all of our conversations, my personal conversations, some are very focused on returns and there are others that are going to shoot them in because they like the acreage that they have. But that’s because that’s what their shareholders want. And at the end of the day, we work for both sets of customers. And so, I am very encouraged going into 2018, Jim.
Jeff Miller: And Jim, I’ll just add the discussion around. Production and some of these things is part of what makes that C&P group a big group, and there is a lot of moving parts in there.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks, Tim. I think that team absolutely executing in the marketplace. I think we are taking share by virtue of the performance that we saw this quarter and we’ve seen for several quarters. But, I think probably what’s more important when we think about international is I think we have a more realistic view what that market is. For example, we’re seeing more activity or at least signs of activity in the form of FIDs and things. But those are not tenders; those don’t convert the service revenue quickly. We did find the bottom, but I think that those are very competitive markets with a lot of visibility around the activity in those international markets. And so, I do believe that the pricing pressure will persist and likely offset a lot of the gains that you might expect from that kind of activity, particularly as we go into 2018.
Jeff Miller: Yes. And I think that’s just part of a process. It’s a combination of our continuous improvement activities where we’re consistently looking at technology to drive cost out. But, it’s hard; it is taking those things and turning it into how do we operate at lower cost point. And I would say that that team has done that consistently. That’s not a projection. They will just manage all the levers that they have to manage.
Jeff Miller: Yes. No, very excited about our strategy and I think we’ve laid that out but it is -- at its heart, and this is an important distinction and open architecture strategy which makes it a lot easier for customers to use. I think there will always be competition around data between customers. And I think customers are taking a closer and closer look at their own data and who owns and controls that data, and I suspect they will control it more so. It is just very competitive for our customers. And so, when we think about that, we want to make certain that we have the right set of tools that can be used effectively by them. And they’re open in the sense that our customers uptake of those tools and they can make them do what they need them to do. And I think tools is probably an oversimplification, I’m describing more of a platform and the philosophy. But, as we work with Microsoft for example, that’s again an ability to leverage I think a lot of investment and R&D and cloud that will help our customers. But again, I will tell you, we are very returns oriented. And so, when I think about what we do, we’re very specific about where we create value and what it proves to us versus necessarily scatter shooting across the space.
Jeff Miller: I think all of our -- that will create -- lower costs, will create more headroom for our clients to work, no question. But I think the more important dynamic in the Permian than the price necessarily today is, is they better understand those reservoirs and how to make the best production at the lower cost per BOE. That’s why I held out the Permian as one where we see sands per well increasing. And I think that’s more evidentiary of our market that’s being learned as opposed to one being optimized and that makes perfect sense and that’s what our customers do. They make the best investment and they manage their business very carefully. And so, when they make decisions to do more of something, there will be a reason for that. I think that’s more the reason in West Texas today as reservoirs are better understood in other parts of the country that’s where you start to see more of that optimization. But, I would expect that it does free up more cash for doing more work, which is certainly positive. But, I would not assume that they don’t optimize in West Texas at some point either.
Jeff Miller: I think as I described earlier specific to margins in C&P, we are making investments in other things, like production group is in that group. And so, there is more going on in that than purely North America frac. But, as it is a different question in terms of what kind of bottlenecks do we see, obviously, the Hurricane drove some bottlenecks here and across the country. I think that as mines come on, a lot of the bottlenecks you hear about around sand get alleviated. Again, when you have a bit of a differentiated view to those things given where we are and the fact our ability to buy at scale particularly with respect to sand, but then equally around people, again, we talk about people lot and our ability to hire the national level for people I think gives us a differentiated position as we view those bottlenecks.
Jeff Miller: I mean, if the question is, are the one-offs in there, the reality there aren’t any one-offs in there; that group is absolutely executing very well, and I would say systematically driving cost out of the business, they winning the contracts they need to win and they are -0 we continue to drive technology into the D&E group that I think is paying off. And I’ve talked about the investment we’ve made in Sperry for some time. And I think that’s beginning to pay off. I think there is a lot of runway actually left to go there. But, it will come probably in fits and starts as we go into next year.
Jeff Miller: With respect to production specifically, it will be -- we’ll invest in those things that we think we can uniquely use to drive value for us; in those places where we can’t, we’ll look to partner. I -- very much the strategy being executed now. So, I won’t get into all -- anymore details than that. But I would say, generally speaking, we’re not afraid to and in fact we will seek to, in some cases partner with companies that we believe are in businesses that we don’t want to be in, but maybe form part of the value chain. And I think we’ve demonstrated the ability to do that very effectively. In fact with rigs, we work very closely with rig contractors and had a lot of success in our project management business, driving lower cost and better returns, probably for us and the rig contractor than we would, if we were somehow jointly investing.
Jeff Miller: We’ll have to see when 2018 gets here, Kurt. I mean, we use all of them that are available. And I am not -- and I will tell you, I put sort of equal time in all three of them. I’ll just go back to sort of Chris’s view -- incredible, as he mentioned earlier, we’ve come a long way, two quarters and we will continue to use all of those levers as we move into next year.
Jeff Miller: Okay. Thank you, Shannon. Look, I’d like to wrap the call up with a couple of key takeaways today. First, the third quarter results demonstrate the strength of our franchise and the effectiveness of our strategy. I thank all of our employees for their commitment to execution. Finally, I expect Halliburton’s relative performance in 2018 will remain strong as a result of our ability to grow North America revenue and margins and improve our position in our international businesses. So, I look forward to talking with you next quarter. Shannon, you may close out the call.
