David J. Lesar: Thanks, Jeff. Let me sum things up. We are disappointed in the outcome of the Baker Hughes transaction, but we are not going to do a deal that is not economic for our shareholders and we are confident that our focused strategy will allow us to continue to outperform. Given our market outlook, we made significant changes to the fundamental cost structure of the business which, we believe, will help protect margins in the near term and drive outsize incrementals going forward. This market has generated a sense of urgency in many of our customers and we are having better conversations with them around improving their cost per barrel economics. And ultimately, we believe that when this market recovers, it will be North America that responds the fastest, offering the greatest upside and that Halliburton will be positioned to outperform. Now, let's open it up for questions.
David J. Lesar: No, I think that clearly they're marginally more optimistic about things. I don't think we've seen that optimism translated into any set plans to actively increase the rigs in the back half of the year, certainly those discussions are taking place. I think if you look at our release we put out last week, we thought the rig count would bottom in Q2, I think we still believe that's the fact. But certainly, with the oil prices a little higher, people are more optimistic and we do think that potentially we'll see an upswing in the rig count in the back half of the year.
David J. Lesar: Okay, let me handle that, James. I guess before we talk about what we're going to look like going forward, I think it's really important that we really review where we are today. First and foremost, we're an integrated global oil services company, and I think in order to make that claim, you have to have a broad portfolio, offer every service to every customer in every market. And if you are an integrated company, you essentially can't pick and choose where you provide, who you provide it to, where you operate and what customers you work for. If you look at our individual product lines, our current portfolio is actually pretty good. We're in a number one market position in fracturing, in cementing and completions. Our drill bits is number one in North America. Sperry, Wireline, Baroid and Landmark are all in strong number two positions. And you referenced the ones that we need some help in and certainly the Baker Hughes transaction would have helped in artificial lift and production chemicals. In those areas clearly we're not in any sort of a market-leading position, and I said that in my prepared remarks. But we have an ability to grow product lines. I think a great example of that is our testing business, where just over the last several years, we've gone from essentially a startup to almost a number two in the market position and with the contracts that we've won, we believe we'll very soon get into a number two position there. So I like where we are, we certainly have the ability, as I said in my remarks, we are going to invest in those product lines where we're a little bit weak and we'll look at selective acquisitions to round them out. I think as far as then what comes next, from a shareholder standpoint, I want to reiterate, we are continuing to be dead focused on our growth, margin and returns and leading the industry in those areas, get the billion dollars out of the business that Jeff just referenced and then take advantage of the North America rebound when it comes. So yes, we are disappointed, but we've got a good portfolio, we're going to continue to execute our strategy and we're going to be fine.
David J. Lesar: Yeah, certainly as I said earlier, they're more optimistic because of where prices have gone back to. There's clearly been a re-basing, a re-setting of breakeven points through a combination of, obviously, service costs coming down, and I would argue, coming down to certainly an unsustainable level.
David J. Lesar: There's going to be an element of balance sheet repair that has to go forward, but clearly, that is going to be offset by what should be some pretty significant production declines that these guys are going to see. And I think given the nature of these companies and they are independents, they're very confident in their own skill set, they're confident in the acreage they have and I think that when they believe that the time is right to start drilling, they will do it. And generally, I think what we've seen is they'll be able to get the money to do that either through commodity prices, or through going back into the equity markets or the debt markets. So, yeah, they are feeling better and I think they're trying to survive to 2017 and then get on with things.
David J. Lesar: Yeah. Sure, Angie. And certainly Jeff and Jim Brown live this every day, so I'll let Jeff handle this one.
David J. Lesar: Sean, can you turn – it sounds like you've got your speaker on in the background, so we're getting a double....
David J. Lesar: I think. Dan, it's actually a good question, it's one we talk about a lot internally. I think you have to go back to the basic strategy that we follow in North America and that is to be in every basin, to be with the right customers in those basins and have the right relationships with those customers. So there's a number of ways to outperform the rig count when it comes back. And obviously, I won't give a detailed roadmap as to how you do that but, certainly, by being and having the right customers as your bread and butter from a revenue stream, they generally are the ones that are more financially secure. They have the better acreage, and they are the best positioned. They are likely the ones to put the earliest rigs up. And therefore, it's a natural extension of your market share by you take a customer that we have a great relationship, might be running five rigs today when they go to eight rigs, you automatically get that work. So that's one way. Second is the efficiency of our equipment. When things bounce back and it will, lowest cost per BOE and efficiency is still going to be very, very important. And having the Q10, having our Frac of the Future, having our footprint, having our logistical system and all of those things in place because we have not and will not dismantle any of that, as part of the exercise Jeff talked about, will still allow us to be the low-cost provider in a market that's expanding. I think another reason that we have worked hard to keep our utilization up is, it is I don't care what people say, it is going to be harder to crew frac spreads, it's going to be harder to crew cementing equipment and those sorts of things when this thing turns back. And so by keeping and preserving as much of our workforce and as much of our equipment being active, we can basically leverage that workforce more quickly across an expanding rig count. So I like where we are, it hasn't come without, obviously, a cost. We've worked hard with our customers to make sure that they in a position to keep rigs in the air. That's not, as I said, come without a cost on our margins, but I think it's a good trade-off because when this thing snaps back it's going to snap back hard and I really like the position we're going to be in at that point in time.
David J. Lesar: No, I think at least in the near term we're probably at a structurally lower level. If you look at our release that we put out a week ago, clearly the whole industry is overcapitalized at this point in time, and it's overcapitalized with some really good equipment. So I think that as it flexes back and the rig count comes up, customer start to spend more money, the need to spend on capital, if in fact you are maintaining your equipment, maintaining your tools, which is what we are doing. We're not cold stacking stuff and letting it deteriorate, it's really just going to be an issue of getting the people to man that equipment as it comes back. So I don't really see us getting back to that level unless the market got really frothy like it did last time. Hey, that would be a great position to be in, I just don't see it at this point though.
David J. Lesar: Yeah. I think, Mike, this is Dave, we'll have an obvious quick decision or quick opportunity to assess things. We have a $600 million debt repayment due in the fall and whether we just pay that off with the excess liquidity we have or look at the total capital structure, that's something that we'll be doing over the summer and into the fall. As Christian said in the call, even after the dust settles, we're going to have over $3.5 billion of cash sitting on the balance sheet. That is actually too much given where we are in the cycle and the fact that it costs us about $1 billion to sort of run the company. So we actually have that problem sitting in front of us right now, great problem to have. And we'll spend the balance of the second quarter here watching the market. There could be additional acquisition opportunities come up. As Christian said, we would consider buybacks, and any of the whole range of options. So we're in a good position to just sit back right now, make that decision, but clearly capital structure is on the top of our priority list right now
David J. Lesar: Hang on, hang on – hey, Jim, just like a couple guys ago, you've got your speaker on in the background, so we're getting an echo I suspect everybody is too.
David J. Lesar: Yeah. I think let me just stipulate, I did not listen to Baker's call this morning, so I really don't know what they said. So I can just sort of respond to what we see in the marketplace. I think that pressure pumping, in my view, to be successful at it in the U.S. you have to have the U.S. wide business because so much of the advantage you get in that business is through scope and scale. It's being the biggest procurer of sand, it's having the infrastructure, it's having the rail cars, it's having the transload centers, it's having the ability to spend on technology, on chemistry, on footprint, on downhole capabilities. And I think pulling back into a limited number of basins just doesn't allow you to have that scope and scale. So our strategy has always been one that you have to be, if you're committed to being an integrated services company, you have to take the benefit and the downside of that. And in a market like this, there is some downside because you are operating in some markets, you are operating in some product lines that maybe are not giving you the kinds of returns that you want. But at the end of the day when it does bounce back and you're making hay from a margin standpoint, it's way better to be essentially in every basin with every product line, so that's our strategy. As I said, I don't know what was said this morning, but our strategy is to be a full-service company, integrated across our product lines in every place that our customers want us to work.
David J. Lesar: No. In fact, I think bundling and the ability to bundle, will be even more important as we come out of this for one simple reason. This thing finally got so bad that our customers had to lay people off, and by basically reducing their G&G capabilities, their engineering capabilities, their exploration capabilities, their drilling departments, they don't have those people internally that maybe were basically not as interested in bundling as they may have been in the last go around. So as this thing turns back up, they are going to be also more stressed from a people standpoint, and the conversations we're having with them today is about the advantages of bundling, from not only an efficiency standpoint, but from a cost standpoint.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Sure, Jud, thanks. Let me provide you with some color on where we are regarding cost savings. In North America, we've been carrying around 300 basis points of added costs, which we started to dismantle in Q1. Now that process is going to continue through the end of the year and we expect to eliminate 100 basis points per quarter. Now that's just in North America. So we're also looking at doing the same in the Eastern Hemisphere and Latin America as well as in all of our product service lines and corporate structures. So we're scrutinizing every cost, from manufacturing, to supply logistics, to field operations and we're doing this on a global basis. So, overall, we'll be reducing our structural costs by about 25% or maybe said another way, we'll lower our annual run rate on costs by around $1 billion by the end of the year, but with little of that happening in Q1. So these structural reductions are on top of volume-related cuts as we continue to adjust our operations for the market. Now, the structural changes, by definition, are stickier. And all this doesn't come without a cost. But looking ahead – we are thoughtfully looking at how we work, what makes us more effective in the way that we go to market as we make these reductions. And in many ways, we're more effective now than we were before, or at least certainly in terms of safety and service quality. So for those reasons, the changes we're making, in my view, do not impact our ability to scale in a recovery. And at the same time, positioning Halliburton to outperform through the cycle.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Angie, our thoughts are that about half of that equipment is idle today and that idled equipment is not being maintained. We hear companies talking publicly even about cannibalizing equipment that is stacked, and that's equipment that really doesn't go back to work. It gets rained on, it sits there, it's more and more difficult to bring back. So I think that is continuing all of the time. From our perspective – actually interestingly enough though, the volumes pump which probably has more impact on equipment continued to increase, so we saw 17% increase in sand volume on a per well basis which says that the equipment has to work harder than it ever has. And so for that reason, we are really happy with our Frac of the Future configuration in the Q10 pumps just because they handle it so well. So, again, I think the equipment is out of the market, much of that equipment is probably out to stay.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: I think the DUCs right now are we estimate around 4,800 to 5,000, some of those are seasonal. We don't see volume continuing to build and in fact it's kind of being worked off in the stream of work that's out there today. So I don't see them as impactful, all at one time. We continue to describe them as deferred revenue for us as they get done. As far as price, I think it's more a sentiment than it is a price per se. It needs to be confidence around a price is probably as important as whatever a price may be.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Our target was to be fully Q10, and I think what we continue to believe that that performance out of the Q10 is differential and so that would be a target. That said, the equipment that we have, our older equipment is still better than what's available in the marketplace. So I'm always comfortable bringing that equipment back to the extent it fills the gap. So I feel like we're very well positioned in terms of responding to the market from an equipment standpoint.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Thanks, Jim. The international cycles are just longer, and so they are longer on the way down because structurally the contracts are longer, they're also slower on the uptick as well. So, I don't expect to see improvement internationally until we see some improvement in North America. That timeframe has usually been six months to a year in terms of the lag between North America and the rest of the world. I think if we look around the world though, the...
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Internationally, it does not have the same overcapitalization that we saw in the U.S., so I think that that will help it react more quickly. As far as markets returning, I think the mature fields part of the business is the first to tighten back up, would start with the better markets like Middle East would be – it's most resilient but it tightens first. Probably we'd think Asia would be next as we looked around.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Well, capital is spent on the things that drive a lower cost per BOE, and by that I don't mean to be trite, but there are technologies, there are pieces of the business that, in my view, contribute to that. How we work and how we integrate internally is a big part of how we put those things to work. So there will be gaps here and there that say, hey, if we can put that to work in our system to drive a differentially lower cost per BOE, those are the things we want to spend money on. From an equipment perspective, Q10 is a great example of that. Because it differentially drives a lower cost for us and a lower cost per BOE for the market. So I think you'll see us consistently evaluate things through that lens.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Look, the Q10 is a key component of how we go to market, it drives our cost down most certainly. So we see just more things bundled around the wellhead. There is not as clear a measure around that. I think, it's more we bundle to the degree it drives lower cost for BOE for our clients, and those things become clearer as the activities around the completion start to pile up. And that's clearly an advantage for us because the equipment works together, or people work together and ultimately it does deliver a lower cost per BOE.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: This is Jeff, I think we're differentially advantaged there, just because as Dave mentioned, we stay in the market and we keep experienced people, and know how to hire those kinds of people. If we look back just to 2014, we hired 21,000 people at Halliburton during that year, absolute adds. So we do know how to add people to the payroll when we need to. So those people are out there, it's not easy to recruit them, but we certainly know how to recruit them and I think we've demonstrated our ability to do that.
Jeffrey Allen Miller: Okay. Thanks, Shannon. So I'd like to wrap the call up with just a couple of comments. So first, while we are disappointed about the outcome of the Baker Hughes transaction, we are excited about the future and our differentiated strategy to maximize production at the lowest cost per BOE for our clients. We are having productive conversation with clients around how we do this in the current marketplace. Second, we are systematically removing structural costs to address the current market outlook while retaining our ability to rebound quickly when activity turns up. We remain dead focused on revenue growth margins and returns, and clearly believe that Halliburton will be best positioned to outperform when the market recovers. So thank you, I look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Shannon, you can end the call.
Christian A. Garcia: Right. So we estimate that we need somewhere around $1 billion to run the company, so we're carrying more than enough cash, as I pointed out in my prepared remarks. Our use of cash is prioritized, first, with ensuring that we have the resources to take advantage of organic opportunities as they come. Second, the bolt-on acquisitions as well as any sort of ventures that we need to make to execute the strategy, cost per BOE strategy that Jeff laid out. And third would be any excess cash after that will be delivered back to the shareholders through buybacks.
Christian A. Garcia: So one of the metrics that we use, Mike, is the way we look at our leverage is through – is the ratio of net debt to net cap, and we expect that ratio which is about 30% to go into the mid-40%s, so it is still very manageable. But you're right, we have to look at ways to delever the balance sheet and we're putting on plans to do that. Now having said that, Mike, and you know this, we are an investment-grade company and even though much like the rest of the industry, we are being reviewed by the credit rating agencies, we fully expect that after the smoke clears that we will remain an investment-grade company. So we will have ample liquidity and the financial flexibility to do whatever we need to do to make sure that we continue to add value to our stakeholders.
Christian A. Garcia: We're not going to provide that level of detail, Marshall, but just to give you a flavor of the restructuring. Of that, C&P was two-thirds of that amount and one-third is D&E. That's probably what the level of detail that we're going to provide.
Christian A. Garcia: Well, the way we've impaired the assets, there's really two buckets. One that is actually written off and therefore we're going to get rid of it. And then there's a portion of the assets that actually are idled, cold-stacked and we did an impairment analysis on that amount. Those are the larger components of our restructuring charge around fixed asset impairments.
