David Lesar: Okay, thanks, Mark. So in summary, we’re very proud of our strong year over year international growth, which was the highest in our peer group and a solid proof point that we are executing well against our strategy. Our overall international outlook for the year has not changed. We expect revenues will grow in the area of the low teens, and expect full year margins will average in the upper teens.  Specifically, for Latin America, we had some temporary activity declines and one-off charges across the region, but it doesn’t change our outlook for the full year. The North America headwinds from last year are largely behind us, and we are optimistic about activity levels and continued margin improvement for the remainder of the year. And lastly, with respect to ongoing Macondo settlement discussions, we are working hard to come to a reasonable settlement that will be in the best interest of our shareholders. So at that point, let’s open it up for questions. 
David Lesar: Yeah, I think with respect to the first comment, the opportunity set in the international markets remains as large as it has been, and I think the largest set that we’ve certainly seen within recent history. So those opportunities haven’t gone away.  I think the other point that I should make is that with the Brazil tendering process behind us, the opportunity set is a whole lot of sort of medium-sized types of opportunities. It’s not any big mega types of tenders out there. Which gives us and our competitors, I think, an opportunity to sort of test where we are in terms of pricing.  If you look at where we are bidding today, and where we’re winning work, I think we certainly have hit the bottom in terms of international pricing. Believe me, it’s still competitive. But I believe that we’re seeing that it is starting to turn up.
David Lesar: I think one other thing I might add is that on these contracts we’ve gotten extensions on a number of them, but it’s been at a rig count that’s less than what we had been working at while we wait on these tenders to come forward. And that’s really part of the reason that the margins have got squeezed. But as I said, we look at that as sort of a one-off issue.
David Lesar: The conversations that we’re having with clients these days are becoming more geared towards making better wells, which leads very quickly into a discussion around chemistry and chemistry application. And those are applications of our technology, and so maybe not today, but that’s the leading edge of the right discussion to have with a company like Halliburton, because we do make better wells when we use that technology. 
David Lesar: A combination of things. We see increases in pad drilling. That obviously drives service intensity for us. You heard my discussion around leading edge of technology application. And those things combined start to take us to more efficient operations where we’re using our equipment.  The second thing is really alignment with the clients that appreciate our efficiency level. And so as we position our equipment in the basins and with the clients that want that sort of efficiency, we expect to see improvement. So in spite of, say, rig count modestly increasing, both our share of it and the speed with which that activity happens can increase. 
David Lesar: This is all product lines. So this is about making better wells, which is a function of well construction and completions. But I will say these are the leading edge of discussions around how to do it. So very encouraged by the discussions, which means there’s an appreciation for the technology of how better producing wells are made.
David Lesar: Really Q1 played out very close to what we thought it would, maybe a little bit better activity. We always thought, as we looked ahead, that there still would be some excess capacity in the frac market, maybe in the 10-15% level, too much frac capacity. That could get absorbed very, very quickly in the early part of 2014 based on what we’re seeing.
David Lesar: Let me take this one. I think it’s not a matter of geography. It really is a matter of your customer base. And we’ve said for years we only deal with what we call the fair way players in the U.S., North America market. These are the folks that are going to keep rigs up and their budgets up, through thick and thin, but also are those that are dealing with some of the lowest lease cost opportunities there.  So we pride ourselves on our ability to sort of pick and choose who we work for, and we do that. And so it really doesn’t matter where they’re working. And I really wouldn’t get too concentrated and focused on geography. It’s really what our customer base is. And I think has Mark has said, our customers that we’re working for are increasing their rig counts. They’re increasing their budgets, and we sort of know what their plans are for the remainder of this year.  And that’s what gives us the increasing confidence of our position in North America from a margin accretion standpoint, notwithstanding the fact that there are a lot of other companies and customers out there that may not feel so confident. We just happen to feel really strong and really confident about the customer base that we have. 
David Lesar: It is truly slower than Q1, but I think that as we look year over year, Q1 in 2012 was a bit more dramatically down. And so we knew that Q1 probably would be a little bit higher percentage. As we look ahead also we think that particularly in Latin America things are going to move a little bit slower, possibly, than some would forecast. So maybe it has a little bit of conservatism in it, but we think it’s a pretty fair forecast, just based on, historically, what you see customers do from this point forward. And remember, last year we saw some pretty significant growth sequentially in our international markets coming off of Q1. So it really is in comparison to last year. 
David Lesar: Well, I think, sort of on a broad scale, as I indicated before, we are very excited about the potential in the eastern hemisphere markets at this point in time. And we are very optimistic, specifically, about opportunities in Saudi Arabia. If you look at the myriad of areas that Aramco was looking at increasing: gas drilling, work over areas, the whole area of lump sum turnkey projects. And we’re embedded with Aramco in all of those.  So I think if you look at the opportunities in the Red Sea, where we recently won some work with Saudi Aramco. So we’re very excited about that market in particular, and obviously we’ll get more than our share of that market as it comes around. We’re in active negotiations with them right now about several projects. Obviously, we can’t talk about them until they’re awarded, but we’re very optimistic about where we stand on them.  So I believe that Saudi is a bit of a microcosm of what we see the whole international market playing out as, which is very positive over the next several years. 
David Lesar: We look at different metrics, so numbers of stages and different things that we see out there. And so when we look at it, we see it improving. I’m not going to give you, necessarily, a particular metric, but we’re forecasting a 9-10% improvement in efficiency of rigs, which gets to what drives the underlying numbers of stages, numbers of activity. 
David Lesar: I think the actual spending is probably going to be flat, and I think that’s a function of spending the money faster, which our clients will be able to do. So I don’t see a big increase in actual spend, necessarily, across the board.
David Lesar: You know, our strategy has been to implement our Q10 pump capability. We’ve [feathered] that end of the market, sort of ratably, as we’ve retired equipment. But we believe we will see probably a 20% improvement in our efficiency on the back of our technology. So when I think about capital efficiency and capital required to address our piece of the market, I believe it will be more competitive than others, certainly in that space.
David Lesar: The Q10 runs at higher rate of horsepower than traditional pumps and so if you just look through it, you just need 20% less, based on what we’re seeing it run in the marketplace. It means fewer trucks.
David Lesar: I think it’s still a bit of a science experiment in northern Mexico right now. As we’ve talked about over the last couple of calls, we’ve done some fracs. I think we did the first frac in northern Mexico. And the results have not been made public on that. So we won’t do that today. But I think you can consider it as sort of a prospective science experiment at this point in time. But we are optimistic about what might develop as we go forward.
David Lesar: I think you’re right. For $4 plus gas, where they can lock hedges in, is getting to the point where a lot of these fair way players actually can be quite profitable from a return standpoint on these. I think what we want to convey today is that we’re not counting on that in the projection we’re doing of where we see the market going the balance of the year. Obviously if gas prices do stay in the above-$4 level, I think that only adds to the potential optimism that we have about 2013 and 2014.
David Lesar: We’re not going to comment from a competitive standpoint on where we think we are relative to cost. I think we’re making progress on the two initiatives you describe, Frac of the Future and Battle Red. We’ll plan to give you a better update on that next quarter. But they do drive efficiency for us in the ability to obviously manage our bus. As I said in my prepared comments, I don’t plan to comment on the tit for tat, back and forth around pricing, just because it’s anecdotal. Our commitment is to make a return on the equipment we put in the market and that’s my commitment. And so that’s what we’re doing.
David Lesar: No. I mean, the new technology is more efficient. It also has better maintenance cycles. So it’s the right thing to do. And so what we plan to do is continue with what we had said in terms of capital discipline throughout the year. And at this point in the year, we’re well into the year.
David Lesar: I would say to look more to 2014 for the full ramp on that. We will feather equipment in as we sort of go through the year. But don’t expect full on, really, until the equipment’s in place and ready to go.
David Lesar: I think that’s one of the huge advantages we have by manufacturing our own pumping equipment, is we don’t have the real extended lead times that our competitors might have with respect to when they order up and can dial up their spend there. So I think we really have the luxury of waiting until probably the second and third quarter of this year to take a look at the market before we have to make a decision as to whether or not we want to ramp up production that could come on stream in 2014. And I think that’s part of the reason that we have the higher returns, is that we have more granularity around our ability to control manufacturing.
David Lesar: Yeah, I think in the last year we have gained some share. And I think it’s demonstrated by some of the markets where we’re working today. So with our sort of full [FE] suite of services, we’re working in east Africa today and some of the more challenging environments there. We’re seeing, as I mentioned, progress in Angola. We’ve won some important contracts [unintelligible] to work in Asia. So yes, we’re making the progress that I would expect and partly just demonstrating our capability to deliver in these deep water markets.
David Lesar: If you look at our portfolio, artificial lift is one that clearly was a hole in the portfolio that we have. We made the acquisition a year ago of Global, and now have an offering in artificial lift. It actually, I think, as we said in either the Q3 or Q4 call last year, has exceeded beyond our wildest imagination in terms of financial performance. And it sort of gives us a window into what the opportunities in that market will be.  So we’re glad to be in the business, albeit in a small way right now, but I think that what we’ve demonstrated over the years is that when we get focused on a market and put the capital to it, that we basically are going to be a player.  Now, [unintelligible] is going to be basically in [ESP]. At this point in time, rod lift and things like that we don’t view as critical to our ability to compete long run in the mature field area. But I think that having the ESP offering is something that rounds out what we have and was an important acquisition for us to build on. 
Jeff Miller: There are a couple of big things that happen sort of mid year. So I would expect that through the process we’ll see some sorting out of budgets early, at the end of Q1, and then tenders mid year. It’s probably later in the year, before budgets are refreshed and back to work. But I would expect during the balance of this year we’d see that.
Jeff Miller: When you look at the well count, yeah, overall it didn’t look that great, but the horizontal rig count was up. If you look inside of that, the rig count went up with the customers whom we work for. A lot of the majors.  And then thirdly, we focus more dramatically on well count. And when we look at activity across the quarter, well count was up and so was our service intensity around stage counts. And so that drives improved performance, as Jeff said, when you’re aligned with the right customers doing the right type of work with good technology. 
Jeff Miller: No, I wouldn’t necessarily agree with that. I think it will be a horse race as the year progresses. Certainly North America is getting better, but we’ve still got excess capacity in the North America market that we’ll be dealing with, so there is some pricing pressure that they’re facing. Right now, as the international operations expand and on their base and the improvement that we see, I think that they could actually eclipse the North America margin in the year. But it will be very, very close.
Jeff Miller: Let me just add one more comment. Obviously the impact of 24-hour operations adds to the efficiency of the industry, but it also eats up your equipment two or three times faster than your traditional way of doing pressure pumping does. So that in itself also will lend to the consumption of any excess capacity that’s in the market, just because the useful life of your equipment tends to require you to have more maintenance and more ongoing cost. But it does grind the equipment up faster and that tends to take some of the equipment out of the market a lot faster than it might historically have.
Jeff Miller: I think the way that I would characterize it, from the earlier question, if gas activity were to take off dramatically on us, and we recognized that we weren’t putting enough, it would be easier to dial up our manufacturing just a little bit to get more Q10s out. We’ve been trying to be very disciplined in how the Q10s are coming out. We’ve talked about reducing capex, staying with it, and generating some additional cash flow this year. That’s an adjustment that we can make if we felt like the forecast could lend itself to basically turn out more units rather than keeping the old stuff out of the field and deferring those efficiency gains that we’re trying to capture.
