David Lesar: Thank you, Tim, and let me just quickly summarize. North America remains strong and given our visibility and the continued growth in drilling and completions intensity, we believe that we can sustain revenue growth and margins in 2011. We'll see the typical drop off for our international revenues and margins in the first quarter. But beyond that, we continue to believe that volume increases will be steady and price competition will remain tough. And lastly, we ended up a year in a great position and we'll continue to leverage our expanded market position to benefit in what we see as a wonderful upcoming cycle. So let's go ahead and open it up for questions at this point.
David Lesar: Yes, Bill, I think that if you look at what we have now and what we have coming out, it is pretty well committed to the customer base that we want to work with. Now not all of it is committed under long-term contracts because we do want to see if there is additional upside in pricing that exists out there, and I do believe that there is. But we have committed the assets to certain customers, but we may not have completed the contract that would wraparound those set of assets.
David Lesar: Angie, we're not going to say that. They would have been higher, obviously, since we lost money in the Gulf of Mexico. But I think what we have found over the past several quarters, if we talk about our U.S. land margin, it becomes a target by which our competitors go after our pricing model. So just -- suffice it to say, obviously it was higher than the 24% that we had for our U.S. business.
David Lesar: Well, I think if it plays out that way, and as I said, we don't believe at least as it applies to Halliburton, that is a scenario that will play out in 2011. But if it did, I expect that it would have a very similar outcome in that because of our ability to integrate the fact that we are aligned with the customers that we believe will be the last to put rigs down, the ones that are more liquid or rich gas focused, that we would gain market share, and our pricing would come under pressure probably at the end of the line of the other pumping companies.
David Lesar: I think, as I indicated in my comments, we've been successful winning work. As you know, we took an early approach of building bases and sending equipment into Iraq. There were some that criticized that at that point in time because we did not have rigs to sort of lead the efforts there. But I think with the work we've won and the results we're showing and the fact that we went from -- I believe, we had 14 employees at the beginning of 2010 and nearly 600 employees at the end of 2010 in Iraq, it shows that, I think, that strategy has worked and continues to work and we're very excited about our prospects there.
David Lesar: Yes. I think, Brad, I don't think it is inconsistent with what we talked about at our Analyst Day. We believe growth in the international markets will be led by deepwater and be led by unconventional gas in the long run. Currently, where we're seeing the activity increases is places like Algeria, like Iraq, which typically are land-based and are not deepwater and are not unconventionals. As I indicated, we do see activity increases happening throughout 2011. The big wild card is just how tough the pricing environment continues to be, and we'll just have to watch that and let it play out.
David Lesar: I mean, certainly, the contact level and inquiry level from customers about the availability of equipment, about the availability of resources has gone up. And I think the customer base is getting more convinced that the higher liquids prices are really here to stay and they need to move on with projects, so the discussions have increased. But remember, the international market is typically a tender-based market and it takes a while for those inquiries to turn into tenders, to turn into awards, to turn into work. So as I said, we are very, very bullish on the fact that we're coming into a big spending up cycle in the international market here. But I think people need to understand that it's not a matter of just picking up the phone and going to work. There's quite a process involved from the time you get the first inquiry to the time you bill your first revenue.
David Lesar: No, I think that we have been successful winning some work on the shelf. We've been successful in redeploying some of those assets that did work on the Macondo relief well efforts. So I don't think that we would expect to lose money at the rate we did in Q3. Once the relief well effort was done, it just sort of fell off the wall and now we're in the process of redeploying. But we don't really see much happening in the first half of 2011 in the Gulf of Mexico. So I would say, I think we're expecting maybe a break even to a little bit of a loss over the next couple of quarters.
David Lesar: I think the dry gas basin part of our business still is fairly large. We haven't abandoned that set of customers, but moving toward a business model that helps them reduce their costs and helps us reduce margins, we really were just tippy toeing into that in Q3. We've gotten a little more into it in Q4. I’ve had some further discussions with customers as late as last week on choosing places to implement it. But it's not a substantial piece of our business at this point in time.
David Lesar: Well, I think if you look at, again, the oil basins, liquid basins, like the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, you are still substantially backlogged on work and there is not enough equipment in those markets. I think that we are seeing some rigs start to leave the Haynesville, but they're going directly to the Eagle Ford to go to work. So yes, there is the number of wells in inventory is set up as a high range of where we thought it would be. As I indicated, we believe it will go up even more in Q1, which I think Dave indicates to you that there's still an imbalance between the ability to get to that work with the available horsepower versus the rate the wells are being drilled at.
David Lesar: This is Dave. I was just in there last week, so let me comment on that. It's not business as usual yet. I think that some of the lack of decision-making process that was necessitated by the change in management is getting in the rear view mirror at this point in time. The IPM rigs are starting to come back to work which is good for the industry and good for us, and there's a lot of potential work being bid in there. So it's slowed down dramatically. It's stayed down much longer than the industry thought it would. It's being lead back out by sort of the IPM efforts, and we would expect then that sort of the normal service efforts of Sonatrach and the other IOCs that are in there should give it an additional boost as we go through the next year or so.
David Lesar: Well, I think, with respect to the inquiries, I would say they're focused in three areas: exploration, unconventional gas and sort of deepwater development. And how I would see that progressing is inquiries will turn into sort of statements of work, will turn into tenders and will turn into awards. But given the fact that the IOCs which tend to drive the deepwater market generally have to deal with NOC partners in most of these locations, that sort of cycle from inquiry to award sometimes does take a lot longer than all of us would like.
David Lesar: Let me just add one thing. That would not include what might be going on in Russia and China at this point in time, where I think there's less visibility into the number of rigs that may be working. I think that the number Tim alluded to, if you take a look at sort of the plays where we have a much better view of what the rig count is and where the rigs are working, I would say that's a good number. But we know that there is shale gas drilling going on in China today by the Chinese companies and I don't think anybody has got a handle on the number of rigs that may be doing that kind of work.
David Lesar: No, there are still -- the wells that are being drilled today, as Tim said, are mainly the exploration kinds of wells and you don't have the long laterals on them yet. They're basically drilling either vertical wells or vertical with small laterals, so it really isn't taking a lot of horsepower to frac those things right now and usually it can get by with 10,000 to 12,000 horsepower.
Mark McCollum: We don't typically give that kind of data, but I would say that it was very much in line with what we've seen historically.
Mark McCollum: Brad, this is Mark. We're still at that same number about -- we had said, I think, at Analyst Day, it would be $2.5 million to $3 million. And I think at this point, we anticipate it will be on the high end of that guidance.
Mark McCollum: Jim, this is Mark. I'll try to talk more generally about it. The major capital cost will be the build out of technology centers and manufacturing capacity in some locations in the Eastern Hemisphere, particularly in Asia, that we're embarking on this year. And the capital investment will be a couple of hundred million dollars probably this year. It will spill over probably into 2012 as well in order to finish that capacity. That's the major thing that we'll be doing. In terms of being -- other infrastructure, we're already in 70 countries around the world. I mean, it's not a significantly different infrastructure investment that we'll need to make other than what will reflect just the growth in our business over the next couple of years. But the technology center, the manufacturing centers and the completion of those will -- capital investment will fall largely into this year, and then we’ll be training and moving people as we go through the year. So that we'll try to have them fully staffed as we move out of 2011 and into 2012. Simultaneously, we're going to be making some investments in transaction centers in Latin America and Asia, training people there. We're working on SAP. We've got consultants with Accenture and others helping us on supply chain and our purchase-to-pay and order-to-cash process here at North America. So all of these activities are going to be going on simultaneously to try to help us be the lowest-cost service provider wherever we work, not just here in North America, but also around the world.
Timothy Probert: Yes. I mean, certainly, as we continue to look at the North America market, service intensity continues to improve, we will continue to see the number of stages advance. And as that happens, that's obviously going to have an impact on the selection of service providers and it's also going to have an impact on potential margins. So I don't think we particularly want to opine too deeply on what margins can do. But is there continued potential to move margins? Yes, there is.
Timothy Probert: Dave, this is Tim. A couple of points there. Firstly, CleanSuite has performed extremely well. It is essentially a very clean system, free of impurities. And as a result of that, the IPs that we've seen from the wells which we’ve treated have been particularly attractive. So that's a very good piece of news for us in terms of the introduction of the technology. And secondly, yes, as you would expect, we want to ensure that we attract the pricing for that, which is consistent with a) the performance and b) clearly, this is a more expensive system than that, that would just be traditionally used. But we believe that the benefits are quite significant.
Timothy Probert: Yes. I think that with Russia in 2011, you've got just two things going on. First of all, in Sakhalin you're going to see some declines in activity, and the service intensity there in Sakhalin is very high. So the decline in Sakhalin activity does have an overall impact in subduing the overall growth in Russia. But the progress of the bidding process in Q4 has proceeded well. We expect to see a continued advance in both Western and Eastern Siberia in 2011.
Timothy Probert: I think, like everywhere in the international markets, pricing is challenging. I would say it's particularly most challenging, I believe, in the pressure pumping arena. There's clearly some oversupply in that market which continues, and I would say that's probably in terms of overall pricing impact, that's probably the area which is the least attractive of all the offerings that we have in Russia.
Timothy Probert: Yes. This is Tim, Dan. Yes, there was an underlying improvement in margins x the direct sale component.
Timothy Probert: Ole, this is Tim. I mean clearly, we benefit in North America from scale, a substantial amount of scale. And where we are specifically with shale gas developments as opposed to other unconventionals, specifically with shale gas right now, is we're really in the exploration phase and that exploration phase is in multiple areas. As you heard Dave talk earlier, we talked about our first shale activity in Mexico. I think on the last quarter's call, Dave talked about the first shale well, which has been stimulated in Poland, for example, so that continues. But very much large acreage positions by a number of our customers. They're trying to assess those acreage positions and really understand how they can apply sort of full-scale factory-type activities to those plays. So yes, we will see a slower ramp up. And the amount of hydraulic horsepower in the Eastern Hemisphere or I should say in the international markets is probably only about 25% of that existing in North America. So the overall ability to move rapidly is going to be a function of pulling together equipment to exploit these areas. And I think it's reasonable to expect that our customers will be working closely with us to try and put together packages, which whilst they may not be necessarily optimal for the long term, give an opportunity to really better understand the potential productivity of these plays.
Timothy Probert: As I say, they really are in the exploration phase right now, so we've got to go from the exploration phase through into a full-scale development, which is going to take multiple quarters for us to get to that point.
Timothy Probert: Well, just as a general statement, obviously, a change in activity is really important to moving pricing. But more importantly, it's the rate of that change, right? When things move very slowly, it gives everyone a chance to respond. When things move a little bit more quickly, then the overcapacity disappears quite quickly and pricing power returns back to the service sector. And we couple that, obviously with introductions of new technology, particularly into longer-term contracts which we, I think generally as an industry, probably have been a little loathe to do in the midst of a downturn are now starting to move those technologies into the market as we can get better value for them as activity recovery improves. But to -- specifically with respect to any particular overhang, I don't think that there are any particular markets where you could point to and sort of say, gosh, there's an enormous amount of overcapacity here or there. Most of the equipment in this industry tends to be relatively mobile given a quarter or so of time passing. So I think it's just general capacity in the system; no specific areas, Kurt, that I would point to.
Timothy Probert: Well, clearly, the nature of the international markets are led by Drilling and Evaluation capabilities. As unconventionals become more important, then we'll see perhaps a little more balance in the international markets return. But for us, Drilling and Evaluation is the big driver for us in our Eastern Hemisphere and international markets. Couple that together with our completions expertise and as Mark was talking about a little bit earlier, that's one of the key areas of focus for us for our investment in the Eastern Hemisphere with a very strong position in completions, particularly deepwater completions and we intend to capitalize on that in 2011 and beyond.
Timothy Probert: This is Tim, Waqar. I would say that generally speaking, there are very, very few dedicated fleets that sort of are in, the sort of 40,000-horsepower range. Fleets internationally tend to be much smaller, so what it tends to mean, generally speaking, to execute some of these unconventional plays, it’s typically a gathering of a couple of fleets together to execute. That's going to change and it's going to change quite quickly. But the historical norm and the situation particularly during the exploration phase has been not, to this point, to have a significant number of 40,000-plus horsepower spreads which are dedicated to that kind of activity.
Timothy Probert: I'm afraid I don't have a good number for you in terms of the number of dedicated rigs. Again, as I say, we're kind of in an exploration phase specifically with shale, so it's probably going to be somewhere less than a dozen, yes.
Timothy Probert: Yes, I think we should also specifically exclude CBM and tight gas applications. We're just talking about shales here.
