Jeff Miller: Thanks, Eric. Let me summarize our discussion today. Our international business is growing at a strong pace across all regions. I expect our differentiated technology offerings, selective contract wins, and our unique collaborative approach to working with our customers to deliver higher international margins and growth for Halliburton.  Our strategy to maximize value in North America is driven by capital efficiency, differentiated technology and alignment with high-quality customers. I expect this will allow us to generate solid financial performance. I expect that the execution of our strategy in this long-duration upcycle will deliver better returns, more free cash flow, and more cash back to shareholders.  And now, let's open it up for questions. 
Jeff Miller: Well look, I think that – you know again, we've got a little exposure to the spot as I described. I would say broadly, as we look ahead, high-performance, high-quality services really matter and we see a lot of bifurcation there and we're going to continue with our e-fleet rollout, which is sort of a whole different category of service. It's actually lower cost or better performance for our clients, but also lowers our total cost of ownership. And so I would say we're planning to deliver high-quality service and we really don't see any point in burning up equipment with no margins, that's not a good direction. It actually has longer-lasting impacts if surface equipment isn't taken care of. 
Jeff Miller: Look, it's not a perfect science in terms of one-in, one-out, but it’s generally one-in, one-out over time. And so the type of equipment for example that we would retire is typically higher cost to maintain, and so when we retire a fleet, we sort of blow the parts back into the current fleet and that lowers the cost or improves the margins of the existing fleet.  But we're replacing – say replacing – we're adding equipment only as it's demanded by clients, so that's the difference. We're not building it to replace it. We're building it for contracts where there is commitment to return the capital and also the return on capital inside of the contract, and so that's what's driving the pace of replacement. 
Jeff Miller: Well, I think that we're seeing pricing moving up, whether it comes in the form of a tender or a dialogue, and a lot of that is around tightness, it's also around efficiency and performance of our equipment. We've just done a lot to structurally overhaul and technically overhaul a lot of our drilling business and I talked a bit about some of the Wireline things that we're doing, so you know. The dialogue is certainly price is up and it comes in a few forms, whether it's a negotiation or a discussion or in some cases we call and say we just don't have it, which is again, driving prices up. 
Jeff Miller: Look, I think that – I'm not going to try to call tops and bottoms, I'll let others do that. But I think that, the outlook I described for 2024 is consistent with what you just described and so when we see that, I don't have precision around the date. But there's no question that gas is firming up and that there'll be LNG takeaway and that the gas market will be busy.  It's a question of the date, but I expect that build in ‘24, could it come sooner? Obviously, it could and I would say oil price is quite constructive today as well, which may bring some smaller players back into the market. But all of these things structurally from a cycle standpoint are very, very positive and as I look at ‘24, sometime between now and there, we see improving activity. 
Jeff Miller: No, I mean let me frame that differently. I think that this is my point around service intensity, meaning it takes more work to produce the same over time unless there are step changes in terms of either efficiency or insight. And so, we talk about our smart fleet offering quite often, but the reality is that's part of our technology portfolio to help customers better understand productivity of rock and where the frac is going and how to design fracs that can be more productive over time, so I think that's an important step.  But there is no question when we think about North America and we even saw that during the COVID when the pace at which North America declined following sort of the near slowdown or near stoppage in North America and so I think those are well understood by the market and our clients.  And so when I think about the way forward in North America, that features in it and is clearly part of our view as to why (a) there'll be more activity over time, even to stand still, and further why e-fleets in our case are so valuable, because they really do help clients achieve better productivity and lower costs. So I think that that's one of the reasons we're so focused on that and I think that's how it plays out. 
Jeff Miller: Look, I think there is quite different, and I think it's different along a couple of dimensions. Number one, quite different in the sense of the type of equipment that we are putting into the market with e-fleet. So that's a very different dynamic than we've seen in the past. And I think that the, pull for those from customers is meaningful and so that's one key difference.  And I think from the other perspective, the bifurcation and performance is an important point. And I think that we've seen quite a difference in our performance and that still matters. In fact, that matters a lot. And I think that, sort of the overall – we've always replaced our equipment, invested in our equipment and technology. But I think that, the idea that equipment runs in perpetuity or that it can be run to the ground and then somehow rebuild does not realistic. And so I think there's some understanding around that today that there probably wasn't before. 
Jeff Miller: Yes look, I mean, what that drives is more technology and more service intensity, both. I mean, that's the upshot of what you just described for our customers and we see that. And so we're – you know like you said, I'm quite confident about – I'm confident in North America's contribution to the overall oil and gas supply for the world. It's important and sustaining mass going to require investment and a lot of technology and a lot of just repetitions.  So I think it's not very well for Halliburton. 
Jeff Miller: OPEC cuts absolutely do not have an impact on activity. I’m being crystal clear around that. These are customers with plans that are meeting global demand and it is unrelated to cuts and OPEC.  I would say that the growth, I wouldn't describe it as an acceleration, I would describe it as continued growth, and that's very positive. That's a good thing, because that's consistent with the long duration nature of this cycle. So it's not a spike to come at some point in time in the future to then level out. I think what we're going to continue to see is steady growth in activity, kind of like we've seen. Although does the pace pick up? It might some in fits and starts as big projects get started.  But I think overall, this is a great setup for Halliburton in terms of timing and pacing and absolutely consistent with how we see the length of the cycle. Meaning, it's going to take quite a period of time as barrels are invested in and reinvestment is made. 
Jeff Miller: Well, I think I've described what we're going to do and I think that sort of the – we’re focused on what we're doing in terms of – you mentioned e-fleet, but that's an important thing, and that's an important opportunity for Halliburton, it's somewhat unique for Halliburton.  I also believe that it's – as I look out into the future, as I said I see, we talked to extensively about service intensity and technology and I think both of those are going to be very high demand as we get into ’24, and I would say for what we do, it's an high demand now. And so you know, I think the long term for North America clearly points towards what we do uniquely at Halliburton and so I feel pretty confident about that. 
Jeff Miller: Yes, thank you and thank you all for participating in today's call. Let me close out the call with this. Halliburton delivered an impressive first half of 2023 and I fully expect that the execution of our strategy in this long duration up cycle will deliver better returns, more free cash flow and more cash to shareholders.  I look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Please close out the call.
A - Jeff Miller: Certainly. And look, I'm as confident as I have ever been in the duration, the long duration of this cycle. And that's rooted in attractive commodity price and really the growth in demand for oil, so I'll start there.  I think the offshore piece of this, we're super excited about it. If we include Gulf of Mexico, we're eclipsing 50% of our revenues internationally are offshore, and so all of our service lines are represented there.  I think the cadence as I look over the next year, let's say year or so, I mean it just takes time to get this work underway. I'm just back from a trip and we were looking at projects that, you know they have to get rigs, get plans, get agreement from governments, but it's starting and I expect it continues to build into ‘24 and beyond. I mean, these are the kinds of projects that take a decade to do and so… You know Middle East, I see the same thing. The number of rigs being mobilized in the Middle East, that takes some time to do. But we are beginning to see it. We are seeing it, but my view is that we’ll continue to build over the next 12 or 24 months.  Coming back to North America, I gave you an outlook on the second half of the year. But I think what's most important is, when I look into ‘24, I mean commodity markets are getting more constructive, oil prices firming up, gas seems to have found its footing you know and expect that ramps. We're seeing some consolidation with customers and that means that bigger customers do more planning through the cycle. They are committed to executing plans over a longer term and service intensity in North America never lets up. In fact, it only gets harder and you can't – you got to – you got to work harder just to stand still. So all of this is constructive for Halliburton's business as I look out into ‘24 and beyond. And you know, and some of that in North America, I mean just that it’s backed up by the pace of e-fleet contracts that we're seeing. We've had more contracts last quarter. We've even signed another one this quarter, and that's really for work that starts in ‘24 and goes ‘24, ‘25, ‘26. So, there are a lot of reasons that I see ‘24 looking super strong for us. 
A - Jeff Miller: Well, I think that – you know I've told you what we're doing, which is retiring older equipment and transitioning to electric and so I think that's an important factor. We really don't see, we don't participate in the bottom part of that market particularly at all, really where that’s the spot type market. Most of our work, I'd say over 70% of our work is with large privates and publics and so – you know these are customers that execute their plans and they do execute their plans.  And from our perspective, the performance – we continue to see our performance improving, okay, even as we add electric, but also even on our diesel fleets. And differentiated service performance, technology is getting better. I mean those are things that drive not only margins, but they are also part of the dialogue around what's it take to actually run a high-performing business that requires engines, transmissions and people. And we really haven't seen any deflation in those things. 
A - Jeff Miller: Well look, we're heavily levered towards the offshore business. In fact, all of our service lines participate in our offshore business and we've got leading positions in cementing and HCT. You know our drilling business, we've talked a lot about where we're going with drilling and Wireline and so that's an important business for us. It is higher service intensity, which means that it takes more equipment to do and so we really like that.  I expect the Gulf of Mexico continues to strengthen. And again, we talked about last quarter, sort of the percentage of our offshore international business anyway as a percentage continues to grow. And so I think that the offshore business is going to be very important for Halliburton, and the Gulf of Mexico and all around the world.
Eric Carre: I think it’s – you covered it well, I think. The – I mean, the main focus in the organization right now is to continue to generate free cash flow. That's really the first priority, and ensure that we have enough and actually we're generating enough free cash flow right now to continue to buyback share, but also to continue to work and further strengthen our balance sheet. So, if we look forward, we intend to do both, even though the buyers right now is clearly on continuing to buy back more shares. 
Eric Carre: No, I think we covered it in the prepared remark and Jeff mentioned it, as well as you look throughout the remainder of the year. I know there's a lot of question on North America, so maybe I'll repeat what we indicated, which is H2 is going to be a little lower than H1 for North America. Q3 is a bit down compared to Q2 and we're expecting Q4 to be flat relative to Q3, considering there were some holidays and seasonality as well. So you combine that with the guidance by division and I think it gives you a really good perspective on how we see the second half of the year unfolding. 
Eric Carre: Yes, I think, I mean there's a lot of moving parts in the D&E margins. I think we just delivered better across the board in most product lines and in all of the regions. There's really not a lot more to say about that solid execution from all product lines across the globe. 
Eric Carre: Yes, I mean we guided the two separately, so as to give you clarity as to what they are. So we guided corporate going into Q3 to be $5 million to $10 million up from Q2, that's essentially a timing issue. We were a bit under guidance in Q2, so that gives you the corporate number. And then in terms of SAP which we guided as a separate line, we guided to $20 million or about $0.02 and what we'll do on that one, we give you the yearly number so $50 million this year, $100 million next year, $100 million the following year, so you can kind of run your models on the yearly basis and then we'll give you more color quarter-to-quarter. Because some of it depends on how the rollout is happening right. So we want to do that on a quarter to quarter basis. 
