Jeff Miller: Thanks, Lance. More than ever we're focused on exercising prudent capital allocation to the right priorities. We have solid long-term strategies aligned with value generation for our shareholders. We will continue to expand in the product service lines and penetrate the markets where we see opportunities to generate growth and returns. As we implement these strategies, we expect to generate economic and technical differentiation that will lead to higher returns and free cash flow. There are three main areas where we're investing this year and I will walk you through each one of them. First, we will continue to enhance the competitiveness of our Sperry drilling product line. I’ve talked to you a lot about iCruise, the new rotary steerable platform we introduced last year. The global rollout of this advanced drilling technology is on track with the tool already working in Argentina, the Middle East and across the U.S shale basins. We are currently building out the tool inventory and by the end of 2019, iCruise will constitute over a third of our rotary steerable fleet. Growth in the higher margin rotary steerable market is extremely encouraging, but conventional motors remain the workhorse of directional drilling, especially on land. Another initiative we undertook at Sperry to increase our competitiveness and differentiation was to launch our Motors Center of Excellence. It is a new approach to drilling motor development that combines specialized engineering and manufacturing capabilities to customize motor designs for specific basin challenges. The center deploys the latest mechanical engineering expertise to build more durable motors that drill faster and allow for longer runs with a higher rate of penetration. We have assembled a dedicated team of scientists in bearing and power section design, polymer chemistry and materials that is focused on accelerating research and development activities to deliver differentiated drilling motors to the industry. As part of our Motors Center of Excellence, last quarter we opened two new reline facilities equipped with state-of-the-art technology and strategically located in Houston and Saudi Arabia to serve our customers in the Western and Eastern Hemispheres. Next we will continue investing in our production businesses, artificial lift and specialty chemicals. They’re critical to both unconventionals and mature fields that fit well within our existing product portfolio and they have a lot of growth potential for Halliburton going forward. This year will be all about international expansion for these businesses. It is already well underway for artificial lift offering. We opened a testing and disassembly facility in the Middle East and are making ESP deliveries in several countries in Latin America and in the Middle East. Plans for international manufacturing of ESPs are in the works as well. I recently went to Saudi Arabia to attend a groundbreaking ceremony for Halliburton's first chemical manufacturing plant in the Eastern Hemisphere. Leveraging the expertise added through the Athlon acquisition last year, we are building a plant that will provide an advantage location for Halliburton to deliver superior service and chemical applications expertise to our Eastern Hemisphere customers. Upon completion in 2020, the plant will have capabilities to manufacture a broad slate of chemicals for stimulation, production, midstream and downstream engineered treatment programs. We will not only supply our customers with next generation specialty chemical solutions, but will also be able to manufacture chemicals for our own drilling fluids, cementing and stimulation businesses. Finally, the third focus area for this year. We will continue to differentiate in a very important, but highly competitive space in hydraulic fracturing. The intense exploration of top-tier acreage, fueled by rapid trial-and-error technology cycles led to the explosive increase in production from US unconventionals that we've seen in the past decade. As Shale matures and operators have to step out to second tier acreage, it will become increasingly hard to add enough production capacity to replace a significant legacy decline volumes as well as drive new production higher. Going forward, higher activity and more advanced technology will be needed to maintain flat production levels in unconventionals. In light of this, I firmly believe that the future of unconventional technology will be more heavily weighted towards enabling higher well productivity.
Jeff Miller: Thanks, Angie. The -- I’d say the worst is behind us. That doesn’t mean there's nothing, but it also means that when we look at the market and how it's shaping up, that does -- will there be some trickling effects, potentially I'm not going to give precision around our strategy there. But what I will tell you is that we’re saying no where the thresholds aren't met, which gives me confidence. And then aligning that with what we see around activity and tightening capacity, which all of that should progress as the year goes on and I view that as lending of support to pricing being behind us.
Jeff Miller: Yes, again, I'm not going to try to pick the date on where things are. I think broadly though our view is that we will see tightening capacity on the balance throughout the year. I described how hard equipment is working. Also, the capital discipline that our customers see, we see the same and so I think the reduction in CapEx or the actual -- the discipline around CapEx goes a long way to support balancing of the market. Now when does it balance? I think it's more balanced later in the year certainly than it is today. So I think that's all supported.
Jeff Miller: Look there's always cost associated with reorganization, but let me focus on making us more efficient and more nimble. So couple of years ago we took a fair amount of cost out, but most of that cost came in the form of an organization that would operate more efficiently and more quickly and it's really what we're doing here. This is not targeted at frontline by any means. What this is more around how do we brighten the lines and more quickly operate, make decisions and go to market. Now efficiency or lower cost is useful in any market in terms of driving performance, but that's not the intent.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks, James. On the first topic, we did stack equipment in the first quarter and I'm not going to go any further than that, but as we look at the market and look at returns on equipment that causes to make those decisions and we will continue to manage our business around returns. The second question though was around rebundling and look I've always had a view that over time those things that make sense to come back together do. I think we are early days of that, but there is just such an elegance and efficiency around how things fit together. That doesn't mean we're not very competitive with each slice and I think we demonstrated that. But at some point once the pieces and parts have been examined you start to see, wow, it's a lot simpler to put those pieces and parts back together but to come, James, but I feel good about where we are in that process.
Jeff Miller: Yes, thanks. The -- look, I think what gives me more confidence is how broad-based this recovery looks today. And so we start to see not just a green shoot here and there, but I think as I described in my commentary nearly every region I talked about in terms of some form of growth we also see are broadening base of offshore sort of activity, not maybe activity and also the tendering activity that leads to more activity as we go into 2020. From a margin standpoint, I will focus those comments on D&E, obviously. We expect stronger decrementals as we -- incrementals, excuse me, stronger incremental to clarify that. What we saw in the first quarter, James, was I mean it really was a mix of different things both mobilizations that generally get done at midyear as we move to the year, the mix of services, there's a real pricing impact from the Middle East that we saw, I mean, a lot of the tender activity that happened in '18, it all started in earnest on January 1 of this year. So we saw some of that.
Jeff Miller: But what’s important, I think is, we expect strong incrementals in the Q2 for that business and clearly Q1 in my view is a bottom for D&E margins.
Jeff Miller: Well, I think the macro environment stabilizing is the key point. I mean in 90 days ago, we were coming off what was -- wasn't a clear path for commodity prices, obviously Q4 was pretty hard on everyone. So in the range of 90 days, commodity price set up. What we had thought would happen has happened in terms of customers going back to work. And as I said in my commentary, sort of each month was progressively building and that shapes our view. You know as we talk with customers, we look at the calendar, those things are all constructive as we look out to the next couple of quarters. More specifically around the second half of the year, a couple of ways we think about that, but I think importantly, is the production targets that are out there today, all of that require some level of completion activity to meet that. I also think that some part of the CapEx reduction gets captured in sort of other things, that’s -- whether it's sand or service price deflation and maybe lowering rig count a bit. And I think the last question really be around, what do the smaller operators do going into the back half of the year? And I think they may be the most opportunistic, it's most important to them also just with the smaller asset base investing in completions really matters a lot to the value, not just of the asset, but likely the company.
Jeff Miller: Yes, Bill, the -- we've got visibility in the calendar out a couple of quarters and so we've got a view of that and that's more specific. As we look further in the year, particularly the back half, I think there are some sign posts that we look for in terms of production targets met, not met, also around rig count with smaller operators, what that may look like. And I think that cadence also could be different in different basins, but I think we obviously have discussions with customers and I think there's -- it's quite a mixed bag in terms of outlook and how they plan to manage activity throughout the year, but we are asking those kind of questions certainly earlier than we have in the past and I feel like with our business development organization and ability to be very sharp around the edges in terms of where we’re and how we perform, I feel confident in at least Halliburton's outlook for the balance of the year.
Jeff Miller: Yes, without going into like specific things that we do, I mean, what you’re saying, obviously, we think about that. We’ve historically -- and look we do a lot of business with IOCs, we do a lot of business with all -- all of the customers in the marketplace along different of those 14 service lines that we have. But we’ve -- historically, we've optimized our frac fleet around what we view as the most efficient customers, we could drive the most margin. But I also think with the industrialization of shale sort of at scale, larger scale today, those types of things become more attractive and so we’ve good relationships, we’ve the ability to scale to those growth plans. And look and we plan -- plan to do so, but we're going to do it always with an eye to what are the best returns for our shareholders.
Jeff Miller: Yes, I think we are seeing that. Through a degree we are reaching some sort of maximum velocity here just in terms of hours a day. If I would think back there have been some big sort of milestones in efficiency when Halliburton has been at the front edge of each of those. So the first was going from 12 to 24-hour a day operations, that was a big step. Next was more around zipper fracs as opposed to single well fracs and then multi-well pads as opposed to single well pads. All of those are sort of structural step changes. We’ve done a lot at the margin around being more efficient and our focus is taking capital off location not putting more capital on location. And so we do some things to drive our capital efficiency, but the big steps, I don’t necessarily see those today. What I really see over the next cycle or the next few years is more emphasis around what’s happening around the well bore as opposed to on surface and you hear a lot of discussion around that. But I say that to include everything from parent child, the spacing, the velocity, the all of these other things that we believe and I believe will have more impact on productivity and efficiency over the next three, five years.
Jeff Miller: Well, maybe just step in there too. I mean when we think about the outlook. I mean, we are focused on what I would call returns focused growth. And so if we think about where we are spending this year, we are continuing to invest in strategic initiatives and we are building out sort of our Sperry iCruise fleet and investing in international growth. So we are doing all of that today, sort of in and round where we and sort of the 7% -- 6%, 7% of revenues today. So it feels sustainable to me and I don't see this as a shift in our approach. I mean in this market, that level of spend is appropriate to generate returns.
Jeff Miller: Well, it's -- principally, what we see in this quarter is the rolling over or the establishment beginning of contracts at lower prices. It doesn't necessarily mean that it's abated. But it is certainly that's what we are seeing now, somewhere in the -- as we look ahead, we will work on how to optimize things and perform more profitably over time.
Jeff Miller: Yes, that's -- no that's what we’ve generally thought we'd see and we also saw a number of things that I described in my comments with mobilization, that pricing, also weather in the North Sea was pretty tough this quarter more so than probably we'd have expected. So those sorts of things.
Jeff Miller: Look, when I think about returns, broadly, I think the -- I think about sustained growth over a period of time and I also believe that the value for growth at any cost is over and so when we will talk about returns focused growth, that’s the right kind of growth. And look, I feel great about Halliburton in this kind of paradigm. I mean, we've always been returns focused, clearly it starts with margins, so improving pricing and managing costs, we are always managing costs in that environment. And then I think disciplined investing, I think that maybe informs more of what you're asking, but we make capital scarce when we need to make capital scarce and we are also and might be investing in the right businesses. So if we think about lift and chemicals and where we've put our CapEx, we will do that very thoughtfully and certainly focused on returns.
Jeff Miller: Look, we want to be very realistic about what we see unfolding in the market. I think the -- a lot of the tender activity that we see today is probably not going to begin until 2020 and so we see activity building, but we are also going to be -- I’ve talked about returns focused growth. And that’s part of that discussion is making sure that we are investing and pursuing the right things. And look, we are really encouraged. In fact, I think what we will see is growth as I described in '19 and then certainly building into 2020 as sort of that broad based sort of offshore activity starts as opposed to being tendered and talked about. So encouraged, but again, we are going to manage our business.
Jeff Miller: Yes, I’m going to -- it's a very competitive space in North America so I’m not going to get any more detailed around pricing and where the other service lines are. Clearly, hydraulic fracturing is probably the biggest piece of sort of the North America landscape today and it probably is the most over supplied, so I will leave it at that.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thank you, Candice. Before we wrap up the call, I would just like to highlight a few points. First, I’m excited about the broad-based international recovery that we see unfolding and Halliburton is well positioned to take advantage of this growth. Second, I believe that demand for North America completions will be up modestly over the next few quarters and that capacity will tighten over the balance of the year. Finally, our focus on capital discipline, capacity tightening, and cost management will deliver leading returns and free cash flow in excess of last year. Look, I look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Candice, please close out the call.
Lance Loeffler: Yes, I think -- thanks, Jud. I think the -- it kind of goes back to what Jeff was saying maybe an earlier comment, I think you may see some of the trickling effect to continue from the pricing side, but it's more than offset by the level of activity that we see, which is what informs our guidance, so it's really volume related with some modest impact from pricing.
Lance Loeffler: Yes, Bill. This is Lance. Look, I think there's opportunity and we do expect D&E margins to improve throughout the course of the year. I think we've been pretty vocal around that. While the mobilization sure will provide that uplift, it's not to discount the pricing pressure that we continue to see in the Middle East.
Lance Loeffler: Right. I mean -- so, as we get through the first half of this year, we expect D&E margins to be markedly improved in the second half to sort of land at flat year-over-year margins in D&E.
Lance Loeffler: Yes, thanks Sean. Look, I think in terms of the sort of CapEx to revenue relationship that we sit at today, I believe it was like high 6% is lower than it's been on average over the last 10 years where we've averaged closer to 10%. I think, clearly this year, we've been pretty vocal about what buckets we're out spending as a part of that $1.6 billion of CapEx. I don't know that that -- to me, it feels like in and around 7% today, feels like a good number even for next year. Now the slices of that pie, right, as we go -- as we think about how we invest may change, but I think the rate of CapEx spend as we reinvest in the business feels pretty good.
Lance Loeffler: The way that I would think about it, Kurt, is that -- I mean and we've mentioned this I think in some of our prepared remarks was that we expect our completions activity to be sort of flat year-over-year, right? Even though spend is down in North America, that takes the form of lower sand pricing or lower drilling expenditures versus the actual completions activity. And then as we think about D&E, particularly driven by the international markets, we see a broad recovery, pockets of pricing improvement, but also weighed down by pretty competitive Middle East today. So it's a balance of all of that.
Lance Loeffler: Kurt, this is Lance. I think it's tough to call -- hard to really put a number on it, right? I mean, I think attrition has always been a tough one to try to define in the pressure pumping industry. But one that we know it's happening because we see what it's -- how it's working on our fleet, right and we talked about some of the stats that we had in our prepared remarks, you can't ignore it. And today we know that there's under-investment. We know that there's more pressure than ever on all of the fleet in North America around wear and tear and therefore the repair and maintenance costs associated with it and the burden that a lot of our space has had to shoulder it, I think, look, at the end of the day, there's going to be some that are just going to flat out, be retired.
Lance Loeffler: Well, look, I mean we are going to have to work towards it, no doubt. But I think the tailwind that you get as you begin to put revenues across the costs that we’ve been running and around the actions that we are taking in the North Sea and those mobilizations, I also think that we expect to start to see some benefit as we get more Sperry tools in the market. I think we told you that a third of the Sperry fleet will be iCruise by the end of the year, we are working hard to get those tools out, that’s part of the working capital build that you saw on the inventory side that I mentioned in my commentary around the international strategic investments and so those are the things that give me confidence that we can continue to build on what we need to get to those commitments.
Lance Loeffler: Well, I think we are going to see a lot of benefit as we sort of work through the DSOs that we’ve built up in the first quarter of the year, I think we will continue to work down a lot of the inventory that we built up, I would suspect that -- the working capital does release cash some point throughout the year.
