David J. Lesar: Thanks, Tim. Let me just summarize. I know there -- a lot of people got on the call late today. We're very proud of our second quarter results. We've set new record -- revenue record totals for the company, and in all 3 of our international regions and for 8 of our product lines. North America. We expect our frac margins will be compressed by higher-cost guar and additional pricing pressures. But our other product lines, however, remain stable. Internationally, the story is playing out as expected. We continue to gain share and fully expect our Eastern Hemisphere margins to be in the upper teens in the second half of the year with a full year average in the mid-teens. And finally, we intend to deliver industry-leading revenue growth and returns. So let's open it up for questions now.
David J. Lesar: I think, obviously, Dave, the big one is to get the sort of guar pig through the python, as we call it, sort of here internally. That's actually will have the most impact on moving margins back up. Second is the playbook says that as the gas rig count comes down, oil continues to go up. You have the issue around the liquids plays today. But for us, it's a pretty simple strategy: use our economies of scale, number one; pull through additional product lines with the products we have and even in a looser market from a frac equipment standpoint, the execution reliability and the ability to demonstrate that we have a better response in terms of production to our PE activities does allow us to pull through other product lines; and then I think is letting the dust settle around a lot of these equipment moves that we've had to make, as we've moved not only frac equipment now but also other product line equipment out of the gas plays into the liquids and oil plays. So we have a lot of equipment on the move right now. We've got a lot of people on the move, but I think those would be the elements that, as the dust settles on them, should allow our margins to basically get back to where they would be considered normal, actually without a tremendous amount, if any, ability to increase prices.
David J. Lesar: Yes, I guess, Jim, this is Dave, it's possible but as Tim said, there's a quid pro quo with everything. And so we're -- if we trade off some frac pricing early before the contract, we're going to insist on additional market share with that customer or we're going to insist on pull-through of other services. From a customer's perspective, they're going to spend it with us or spend it with somebody else, so that's actually a pretty good conversation to be in with a customer.
Mark A. McCollum: Waqar, this is Mark. In the comments, we tried to give you a little bit of color. There's going to be a fairly significant impact for guar inventory costs as we move through the year. As Dave said, about 2/3 of our margin delta in the second quarter is related to guar costs as we look and that inflated about 75% over first quarter levels. We expect guar to inflate another 25% in the third quarter. And so in probably sort of relative terms, that's going to end up being about 2/3 of the impact as we look forward. That should abate as we go into Q4. There will be some pricing impact. We are expecting, as long as there's risk to the gas rig count which we expect will continue to be pressured through the end of the injection season, there will be pressure on hydraulic fracturing margins. But there will be some benefit for Canada getting back to work as well to offset that. So it's difficult to say exactly where that will be. We're not going to give specific margin guidance sort of beyond that, but I think that, that ought to be sufficient to kind of help you find where we are. But all of those things should be relatively transitory. As we go into 2013, we're expecting the rig count to begin to grow again, the guar cost issues to be behind us and normalized based on sort of what ought to be market industry averages. And from there, then we also should start seeing the benefits of our Frac of the Future initiative, all of the things that we've been doing to try to transform the business to reduce our costs, will to continue to provide some uplift to our margins as we go into 2013.
Mark A. McCollum: No, nothing's changed from that front. We still believe that, sort of that mid-20s range is our normalized area of margins.
Mark A. McCollum: Part of the situation, David, is we'll still have some mobilization cost during the, really the next 2 quarters as we mobilize on some of the new contract wins that we've had. But that's -- we still think our overall forecast at the margin targets that we set are very, very achievable. And it's based on a lot of deepwater activity we're seeing coming into the market, as well as the repair of these markets that we've been working on quite a bit that's sort of within our control to manage the cost side.
Mark A. McCollum: Well, one of the larger drivers of margins for the back half of the year will not only be the playing out of that mob cost, which a big chunk of that will be finished toward the end of the third quarter but also, as Dave mentioned, we've got some other work that we know is coming on the Landmark, the software sales and service consulting work that typically shows itself across-the-board in Latin America, particularly in Mexico. That is just now getting underway. It's very high-margin business and if you look at over the last couple of years, our Latin America margins were relatively benign coming out of the first quarter recovery sort of activity levels and then jumped significantly in the back part of the year. And so as we look at the volume of activity that we're doing, particularly across not only Brazil but Argentina, Venezuela, Colombia and Ecuador and then Mexico, this pickup of activity in Mexico around the Remolino lab, the -- our southern alliance project and then this Landmark pop that we get at the end of the year, we feel pretty good about where that will move and it should meet or exceed our levels that we had achieved last year, which were, at that point in time, sort of back to sort of normalized record levels of Latin America margins.
Mark A. McCollum: Well, I -- this is Mark. I think that the ultimate issue is that probably in a relatively flattish market, the answer would be no other than the recovery of the loss that we've had around the guar inventory. Once that flushes through, we've given you a roadmap as to what that should add back. But I think as we look ahead, it's difficult to see a relatively flat rig count environment if commodity prices hold at this level for a significant period of time. I mean, we think at some point here in the next quarter or 2, the gas rig count is going to basically bottom out. And once that does, the oil rig count should be able to grow unfettered, which should provide some upside to it. The other side of it that we see also is the Gulf of Mexico recovery, which, again, is counting, as we look at the end of the year, should be approaching 40 deepwater rigs. We think our share is higher in this type of market than it was in the previous upturn and that provides some fairly significant margin uplift as well to the numbers that should help.
Mark A. McCollum: The answer is yes. I mean typically Q3 is our strongest quarter of the year, our highest activity levels across-the-board. Yes, Canada is getting a little bit of a slow start this quarter. Don't know whether that will persist or not. But as Dave mentioned, we're continuing to add equipment. It's going to work. We know it's going to go to work and that's part of what's creating the uplift on our revenue side as well. We also believe that Gulf of Mexico will continue to improve during the third quarter as well. So all in all, revenue is expected to be up.
Mark A. McCollum: I think the honest answer is yes. It was a little bit above what we have expected that it would be. Across Iraq, we've had some good activity. Our business across almost every single one of our projects has done very, very well. We also have had some issues around getting diesel and things out to some of our sites. The issues, as I referenced, really are isolated to the Majnoon contract and that's been probably -- that's the one field which is sort of the, from a logistic standpoint, is a furthest field that we deal with. And that's where diesel's been an issue. Some of the rigs sort of staying engaged have been an issue. And so we took some additional cost on Majnoon in the quarter that we were not expecting. We're continuing to try to work on that. I think that we feel positive about what else is happening there and we feel positive about Iraq in the long term. This one particular project has been a little bit of an issue and we're trying to get that righted so that overall results -- I mean that sort of what's standing between us and profitability is this particular project, and we're almost there.
Mark A. McCollum: We won a project with Gazprom during the quarter, I think that was publicly announced and so feel good about that. We are doing a little bit of work in Kurdistan and are looking for opportunities to expand our operations to the North as well. So we're continuing to feel pretty good about what's happening there and looking at other various opportunities. It's going to be a slow and measured pace just like the rest of Eastern Hemisphere. But from a long-term perspective, we feel great about that market.
Timothy J. Probert: So 2 parts to that question, James. I think first of all, obviously, contracts are renewing throughout the year. That's a bit in contrast to the way it was 3 or 4 years ago when we kind of had the big renegotiations at the end of the year. And the answer is, yes, we believe that we're continuing to get a premium as we renew those contracts. That's quite clear. And secondly, in terms of the term, I would say they're getting shorter. Obviously, you're in an environment when there is more uncertainty than it was when the original contracts were undertaken, so it's reasonable to assume that those terms will be shorter than they were previously.
Timothy J. Probert: That's not necessarily a bad thing either because if we see some recovery, we have an opportunity to move things.
Timothy J. Probert: We're still on a sort of 80% to 85% contract basis. And as I mentioned before that we're much more evenly oriented through the year in terms of our renewals these days than we were several years ago. So it's hard for me to give you an exact percentage, but clearly we're a ways through the conversion process.
Timothy J. Probert: No, we think we can do both. And the reason we say that is, as Dave referred to, we're focused on a couple of things. We're focused on the economies of scale and that is being large enough in a given market to be able to be as efficient as we can be, which we can't say in all markets has been the case historically; and secondly, the issue around underserved markets, markets which we have had a very, very limited presence in; and thirdly, the repair of certain markets, which have been damaged through time. So are we going to focus on margins, are we focusing on margins? Absolutely, but this is not a binary equation. We're going to do both.
Timothy J. Probert: So I think that clearly, there is a volume effect. We're starting to see -- finally see the rig count activity move, which is encouraging. It's been really, it's been slow-growing to this point in terms of the move of rig count. So volume is an element. We're clearly seeing sort of a bifurcation in terms of contract structure; the very, very large contracts are still quite challenging from a pricing standpoint. But we're pushing pricing where we can on smaller contracts and I think we have some good examples from each of our operating regions where pricing has actually moved. So it's going to be a combination of both those elements.
Timothy J. Probert: The one thing I think we can say is that the contract -- the sanctity, if you like, of the contract structure has been very, very good. And Jim, in life everything is negotiable. I mean, if there is a quid pro quo which makes sense for us, then a renegotiation may well take place. So I think suffice to say that we -- as Dave had said, we're very focused on maximizing the pull-through for our operations from our hydraulic fracturing footprint. And if that were, for example, to be an opportunity for us to negotiate, then that would be a good example of something we'd probably go for.
Timothy J. Probert: Yes, we have particularly high exposure for D&E in Canada and that hit us quite hard during the quarter. Secondly, we also had some sort of end effects associated with some relocations from gas basins into oily plays, which impacted us quite a bit as well. But our expectation for D&E as we move into Q3 is that we will recover and we'll be at or modestly above the Q1 D&E numbers for Q3.
