Mark McCollum: Thanks Jeff and good morning, everyone. Our corporate and other expense totaled $106 million this quarter and included approximately $35 million for continued investment in our Battle Red completion tools manufacturing and other strategic initiatives. These activities will continue throughout 2013 but the related costs should begin to decline in the second half of the year. We anticipate the impact of these investments will again be approximately $0.03 per share after-tax in the first quarter. In total, we anticipate that corporate expenses will average between $110 million and $115 million per quarter during 2013, including these strategic costs. Our effective tax rate was 34% for the fourth quarter and 32% for the full-year 2012. As mentioned previously, we’re nearing completion of a strategic project to realign our international operations to better position us for improved delivery of our products and services to our international customers, closer alignment to our international suppliers, more efficient use of our field technology and an overall reduction of cost. Some of the indirect outcomes that we expect out of this transformational initiative will be an increase in our international earnings and a wide reduction of our effective tax rate going forward. As a result, we’re currently forecasting the 2013 effective tax rate will be approximately 29% to 30%. During the fourth quarter, we recorded an $80 million tax benefit in discontinued operations, related to the payment of our liability to Petrobras under a guarantee relating to work perform number of years ago on the Barracuda-Caratinga project by KBR. As we move into 2013, we’re anticipating the typical sequential decline in international revenue and margins during the first quarter due to the absence of year-end seasonal activities as well as weather related weakness in the North Sea and Eurasia and this drop-off could be more pronounced compared to previous years due to our strong fourth quarter performance. Compared to the first quarter of 2012, we’re anticipating a mid teen percentage increase in revenues with a modest improvement in margins, which is evidence of our expanding international market share. Beginning in the second quarter, we expect international activity levels to recover from the seasonal impact and margins to steadily improve over the course of the year with full-year international margins averaging in the upper teens. Moving on to North America, we expect U.S. rig count in the first quarter will be somewhat roughly the mirror image of the fourth quarter, but down slightly on average. Our expectation is that the rig count will improve throughout the year as activity resumes, but the full-year average for 2013 will be down in the low single-digits compared to 2012. In this activity environment we anticipate frac pricing will continue to be somewhat soft. However for Halliburton we’ve got a very beneficial tailwind going into 2013 which is our significantly lower guar input cost. We expect the continued activity improvement in the Gulf of Mexico will also positively contribute to margins as well as cost optimization in our North America land operations as a result of our Frac of the Future and Battle Red initiatives. Therefore as Dave mentioned previously, we are optimistic about the coming year on our ability to improve our North American margins beginning as earliest the first quarter. As you know we've been trying to operate within our cash flows, though we've also been trying to achieve higher investment yields on our excess cash. So, during 2012 we started investing in some longer-term fixed income securities that don’t meet the accounting definition of cash equivalents. During the fourth quarter I’m proud to say our cash and investment securities increased by $779 million. For the full-year we also achieved an increase in cash and investment securities, even as we absorbed a record $3.6 billion of capital expenditures, an additional $200 million of acquisitions. We anticipate a continued reduction in working capital as a result of lower guar inventories and coupled with a lower capital spend we expect to see higher free cash flow in 2013, and we are anticipating that our CapEx for 2013 will be approximately $3 billion which is about 16% lower than our 2012 spend level. We currently intend to direct less capital towards the North American market in our Q10 horsepower build we’ll be focused on fleet replacement. The displaced equipment will be retired from the market and the emphasis will be on the rollout of the Q10 pump and other ancillary equipment design to advance our Frac of the Future goals. Finally we’re expecting depreciation and amortization to be approximately $1.9 billion during 2013. Now, I’ll turn the call back over to Dave for some closing comments.
Mark McCollum: Angie, this is Mark. The answer is yes and we do expect to outgrow the market in line with our strategies of outgrowing the overall increase in the deepwater market which we think will be a particular strength in 2013, on the back of our market share gains in Latin America as well as some of the increased activity in unconventionals and Saudi Arabia and Australia. And of course I should also reference the deepwater market in East Africa, those will probably be areas that will be primary growth areas, but we are expecting growth rate in the low single-digits -- I mean low double digits, even though we're probably a bit more pragmatic about what customer spend rates will increase on a year-over-year basis in the international markets.
Mark McCollum: That's a great question, Angie, and the answer is that yes, it's still a priority. We, as you heard through our comments, have been very focused on trying to not only just achieve a positive cash flow result but improving that cash flow result as we go into 2013. We're in the process of finalizing our discussions with the Board and internally about our strategic initiatives for 2013. We'll have that wrapped up in the coming weeks. And in that discussion I think the answer is that everything is on the table, but dividends, share buyback, I mean we certainly are staying tuned to what happens on the Macondo front, but it's not an issue that will preclude us from consideration of some of those options. And so, I guess the best way that I can say is, is stay tuned.
Mark McCollum: The interesting thing is there's still some of the contracts that have not been completely approved or signed. And so we've been in a transitional period for a number of months on things like drilling that's actually allowed us to -- we've been mobilizing but that actually allowed us to kind of spread the cost sum to take off some of the brunt that what otherwise might appear more difficult in terms of a margin environment. But from an activity standpoint, the activity is beginning to pick up. Brazil grew very dramatically for us in 2012. We expect that to continue to grow. We'll be putting the infrastructure capital to work in that area. We have a new technology center that has continued to expand and working with some very specific projects with Petrobras down there we're pretty excited about and those are going to begin to show themselves. So, I guess from our standpoint, we feel very, very good about what Brazil will do in 2013. This sort of the challenge is on. We also feel great about Mexico, some pretty exciting things happening in Mexico. In the Latin American environment, we've kind of got a horse race going on in that market as to who's going to sort of get the revenue poll and growth crown there. I think you should stay tuned for a very good 2013 coming on Latin America again just like 2012.
Mark McCollum: But again, as we look at it and plan and kind of in our margin forecast, the great thing that's happened as a result of the expansion of our share there is while yeah, there's some pricing impacts of that new revenue, the higher level of activity is allowing absorption of fixed cost base that's sort of blunting the impact of that lower price. And so on a marginal basis, our margins in Brazil have continued to improve over this point of time even though some of the contracts have already kicked in at lower pricing.
David J. Lesar: Okay, thanks Mark. Just real quickly, we are very proud of our record setting fourth quarter international results. This has been an ongoing focus of our growth strategy and I think these results bear that out. So for 2013 we expect international margins will average in the upper teens and as we have discussed we have called the bottom on U.S. land margins for the fourth -- as of the fourth quarter. With our lower capital spend and improved working capital, we expect to generate an even higher level of free cash flow in 2013 and we remain very focused on capital discipline. So with that, let's open it up for questions.
David J. Lesar: Yes. In the second quarter of 2013 the project should come to an end. Over the last quarter we had much better rig performance, things have been looking up, the performance in our rack overall was significantly better in Q4 and basically a breakeven. So, we feel good about how things are shaping up. We got some new contract work going into 2013 in that market and scale helps from an absorption standpoint, so we’re continuing to press forward and hopefully once this [launch] – new project behind us, which at this point as long as we’re executing it shouldn’t be an issue. What we’re really trying to do is to move beyond and put ourselves in a firmly profitable standpoint which we believe will happen during 2013, sort of toward the middle of the year.
David J. Lesar: Yeah, thanks Jim. The contract we referred to is Em-Yoga which is our mature field type activity if we’re able to go in and prove really the breadth of our technology, so in fact rediscovering reservoirs and then adding to those, so we are excited about that, it's the leading edge of what we think could be more to come. So, I won't give you numbers in terms of significance but it's, I think consistent with our strategy to use our consulting capability, to not just pull through our services, but actually develop new thoughts and new applications of existing technology as well, more broadly with respect to Russia, it's a place where we are excited about the outlook. We think we’ve got the right team on the ground. We think we’re – have the right technology as that market moves more into what I’d say is our sweet spot around multistage fracturing and some other types of mature field activity. We would expect that to grow with respect to M&A. I mean, we always consider those things but I don't think it's a requirement.
David J. Lesar: I think that probably the easiest thing to say, the trial is still scheduled to start in late February, we’re moving forward hard towards that process, the lawyers have been sort of furiously working through all of the discovery actions in preparation for the trial. That is our course at this point. I know there’s been some other activities with the other participants in the trial but at this data I’d say nothing, there’s been no discussions on our side or our path and so our general view is we’re moving to litigation and that’s what our preparations are set to do.
David J. Lesar: Now I would, let me just add a little color to it. I think as, Jeff has said the opportunities at our pipeline as we call it is probably as big as it's ever been, but what's not there either big, mega, must win kinds of tenders it's just – it's a lot of small to medium sized tenders that are out there and that add up to the biggest pipeline that we’ve ever seen. So, we think that’s a good thing, because with the infrastructure we put down and some of the track record we still have developed off of some of these prior tenders, I think that it's put us on the map in some of the customers eyes of looking at us as a real alternative on some of these which again is why we’re so excited about what we see going forward in the international and especially the offshore and deepwater markets.
Mark A. McCollum: This is Mark again. I think James, the answer to that is that probably in the slower growing environment where we continue to see some pressure around pricing in the broad market and a – its going to be difficult sort of close up the excess capacity situation until we see some meaningful increase in the gas rig activity. I think that’s also going to mean that its going to be difficult to get us back to normalized margins, which we still believe are in the mid 20s for Halliburton.
Mark A. McCollum: And so we – as we said, we’re calling the bottom, we see that at least the things that we perceive this tailwinds to our margin situation sort of trump the continued pressure that we will feel in frac pricing and possibly – peripherally in some of the other product service lines that are little bit – they’re closer to the frac than others. But I think that its just – its going to be difficult to drive them up back to those sort of historic normalized levels without a – what we sort of perceive is a normalized rig count environment, which includes a healthy dose of gas activity.
Mark A. McCollum: Yeah, I think James, let me add one thing. Obviously, as Jeff said about 80% of our stuff is under contract and yeah we have some of the stuff that while the year ago at this time rolling over now, but if we don’t see a price that’s acceptable to us we may just roll it on a month-to-month basis, there’s nothing that says you are required to roll it from year-to-year and in some cases we won't do it, because we don’t want to get locked into a price we don’t like, so we’ll just go on more a month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter basis.
Mark A. McCollum: This is Mark, Waqar. I don’t think we want to give specific margin guidance; we’re trying to step away from that for competitive reasons. But, I think we have been fairly transparent that the guar situation or Halliburton impacted us through the end of the third quarter about 600 basis points. In the fourth quarter that went up because we stepped back our usage of PermStim and tried to drive harder on using some of the higher-priced guar, so the marginal impact in Q4 of guar as compared to the pricing of guar back in January of 2012 was about 650 basis points. And then the difference in margins, I would say roughly from there is split about 50-50 on pricing and activity in the fourth quarter, and so, I guess, if that kind of gives you some roadmap as we then step back, we’ll wrap up this quarter using that higher-priced guar average in, lower sort of market based guar pricing into our inventory averages that should take us down. Now, the difference in – I think I’ve also articulated that we sort of triangulate the difference in our guar pricing and our competitors has been in our view about 400 basis points or so through the third quarter, and I think that that maybe another market you kind of see as we start rolling back that’s the big opportunity that we have vis-à-vis our competitors.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, thanks James. This is Jeff. I think the – those contracts tend to roll each year, so we’re working our way through the bulk of those. So, from a competitive standpoint as we look out we’ve probably 8% of our business under contract and so we don’t see a huge step down that will occur sort of resetting the prices from the first quarter that with last year.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, thanks Jim. We call it Battle Red, but it's a combination of rolling out our Q10 technology which is more efficient, it runs at a lower cost point and allows us to take people off-location. So that's part of that. It's broader though because we're also doing things in the back office with smartphone technology which has been rolled out through a large degree. It also allows us to take out a lot of back office costs. So, from a transformational standpoint, it's lower -- it's surface efficiency or lower cost per BOE for our clients, but then also internally to make sure that we're taking advantage of really what's possible today from smartphone sort of computational platform.
Jeff Miller: Jim, that's what Mark said I think in the call, maybe we weren't as clear as we should have been. If you just compare where we think we'll be Q1 2013 to Q1 2012, we'll be up about 16%. So that's in my view sort of normalizes out the product sales and tells you sort of what -- sort of service revenue increase we're looking at year-over-year.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, this is Jeff. We look ahead – I mean, look through the fourth quarter and we saw mostly activity declines having an impact, which we think right itself to the degree next year. So, from a pricing pressure perspective we’re not seeing that now. As we look out into next year, we don’t see that, we don’t see the over supply necessarily the same way as we’ve seen in frac, so we’re not seeing it.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, Jim, let me handle this. Yeah, there's no doubt that our market share in Russia is not consistent with the market share that we would like or we experience in other parts of the world, but my view is we got to be smart about this. And there are certainly organic growth opportunities to grow in Russia and we are growing our business there. But for us to get up to the size of some of our competitors, we would have to look at some major M&A. And as you know, we've talked about this many times with you and sort of with a broader group, we are focused on returns and focused on capital discipline. So, my view is that the need to be larger in Russia does not trump the need to continue to be focused on capital discipline. So, I'm not going to go out and do a major M&A deal in Russia just to get a revenue base that's the same size as our competitors, but really never generates the kind of returns that we want to see off of that. So, I would say that the book is still open on it, but we don't feel any particular corporate need to go out and get a lot bigger in Russia because we're not going to do it and sacrifice margins and returns.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, we’re seeing it, not the way we thought it would roll out last quarter which is, we saw the – seasonal declines kind of between Thanksgiving and New Year’s and then, but then I’ve seen as customer budgets were exhausted and towards the end of the year we’re seeing the mild – the uptick that we were expecting to see kind of end of January as kind of our key customers get back to work.
Jeff Miller: Now without being specific with respect to tenders, our backlog as we look out into the next year or so it’s probably bigger than it’s ever been in terms of opportunities [set] so, those tend to be out there quite often and yes some big ones occurred last year, but we’re pretty confident that there will be opportunities to win. I was saying that it's always very competitive in those large tender situations, and so if we go out at those carefully with always a solid plan on how we make the returns that we want to make, just look back to last year kind of putting the eastern hemisphere numbers together as evidence of that.
