Jeff Miller: Thanks, Lance. To summarize our discussion today, we see customer urgency and demand for our services increasing internationally and in North America. We expect our strong international business to continue its profitable growth as activity ramps up throughout the year. In the critical North America market, we expect our business to grow and improve margins. We prioritize our investments to the highest-return opportunities and remain committed to capital efficiency. We continue to play a role in advancing cleaner and more affordable energy solutions. In 2022, I expect Halliburton to deliver margin expansion, industry-leading returns and solid free cash flow. And now, let’s open it up for questions.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Well, thanks, James. Look, I really like the macro setup, and I have said that before. And what we really see is the fragility, as I described it, of supply and the returning demand. And so, I think, there are factors that the underinvestment internationally means that has to be recovered over a longer period of time. And I think a lot of the return expectations of this industry in North America are still in place and such that is a bit of a cap on production growth. But nevertheless, the activity, that just means a longer upcycle in my view. And I feel really good about the cadence, meaning it continues to move up this year, next year and beyond. And the way that sets up for us is we got -- we have an opportunity to take advantage of the operating leverage that’s already in our business. The pricing environment will be good throughout that period as equipment gets tighter everywhere and our technology is more valuable to customers in this kind of environment. And yes, activity, I believe, does ramp, and it’s going to be the kind of short-cycle barrels that drive the most activity for us because this is urgently trying to return barrels to market under those sort of constraints, very good for us. And so, as we look out to 2023, I’ll just start there, look out to 2023, I don’t see 2023 as an endpoint by any means. I think the road goes on well beyond that. But I can tell you what we’ve talked about for 2023 is biased higher.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Look, thanks, James. I’ll take that. Look, those were important actions that we took to date. And we expect to continue, continue finding opportunities to return more cash to shareholders and pay down debt. And as we pay down debt, that creates headroom in our fixed payments as we pay down debt. And think about it, we’ve repaid $1.8 billion of debt since January of 2020. And we get through ‘23 and ‘25, as debt is paid. The next maturity is not until 2030. And so we fully -- I fully expect to continue growing shareholder distributions as the upcycle accelerates.
Jeff Miller: Well, look, yes, I mean, as we look at 2021, for example, 15% margins, I’m pleased with those. We got a lot of important work done in our frac business in Q4, which I talked about in my comments, but getting fluid ends installed and then raising prices involves moving equipment around. And so, we probably had 10% of our fleet moving as we raised price and got moved to different customers that were happy with the new price. And so that’s Q4. As we look at the order book doubling in completion tools, that’s really a look ahead to 2022, and that’s very positive for 2022 to see those types of longer lead items building in our order book. I think when we think about progression in 2022, I expect to see 30% incrementals in our frac business in North America in 2022 in first quarter, but what that -- mixed in with that are the completion tools that don’t repeat in Q1. But the reality is we are filling a big hole largely with recurring pricing and the kind of sticky things that we plan to build on. And we still get the 2022 doubling of the order book at some point during the year of 2022 in completion tools. I hope that’s some clarity.
Jeff Miller: Let me unpack that a little bit. Just from an e-fleet deployment standpoint, we view e-fleet as replacements for our current equipment. So, the pacing of that is consistent with how we think about sort of fleet management over time. And obviously, that is contingent upon getting the terms and conditions and pricing that are clearly returning above what anything else is returning, and that’s what motivates us there. All of that lives inside of our CapEx outlook of 5% to 6% of revenue. So, I just want to keep all of that sort of in the right frame. We think about power, however, that is a unique piece of this puzzle. And what I expect happens with electric broadly is, yes, it grows, our share will grow of that. I think we’ve got fantastic equipment in the market working today. But the power piece, we’re power-agnostic. And if you recall, over time, I’ve always said, the issue here was the power, who owns the power. And I think we’ve partnered with a very good firm, successful firm that has modular power such that over time, as operators can optimize power sources, meaning the grid, our partner has the ability to scale that back and sort of optimize along with clients. And so, I think that’s the sort of unique power component that we solve for with both the grid.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Look, thanks, Neil. I’m excited and encouraged about what I see, more so today than I was before, which was all the -- it’s basically the simultaneous growth, North America and international and the -- effectively, the demand for equipment that we see, which now allows both activity and price to move at the same time. So I don’t -- from a risk perspective, look, I think that we’re in a good place to manage those risks that might be out there, whether it’s a range of things. But all of those things appear to be manageable, particularly given how important producing oil clearly is to really our way of life, but also the markets see that. And so, I think that demand for activity will be there. Clearly, that’s going to be biased higher at this point as we look out to 2023. And I think we’re in a great position to take advantage of all of those things that happen, whether it’s price and tightness, it’s our technology. There’s more demand for our technology in this kind of environment because it is our technology that -- drilling technology, for example, that help operators find more barrels nearby the wellbore, helps them do a lot of things that are important to them to accelerate their own production at an effective price.
Jeff Miller: Well, we see it as close to 90% utilized as a market for equipment that’s existing today. And so, it doesn’t take much increase in activity to continue to tighten that, and I see that tightening more so in the back half of next year. The electric equipment as it comes into the market, a testament to our R&D organization, but we were able to bring that technology to market very quickly. It’s best in class, and that’s one of the reasons it’s going to work. And that team along with partners solve for sort of the power dilemma. And so, I think we’re in a great place to bring equipment to market. But clearly, that is new capital into the market, which requires higher returns than what we certainly have seen. And so, I think a cap on that’s going to be the requirement for higher returns. I think capital is -- capital for building equipment, clearly in short supply and particularly because there’s a lot of repair to come for returns in North America. So, a lot of that informs our strategy of maximizing value in North America means we approach it differently. It’s not can we grow -- build the most equipment? Can we maximize the most cash flow out of that market? And we think electric fleets positioned the right way help us do that.
Jeff Miller: Well, we move equipment to raise margins. And I expect that we will see that kind of margin improvement into 2022. You mentioned SmartFleet. I think that’s a key component of what makes Halliburton unique in the fracs business in North America, and it’s one of the unique things of being -- of our large peers, we’re the only one in the frac business in North America, and that allows our technology budget is meaningful. And I think over time, applied consistently R&D investment has always been what moves this industry both from a productivity standpoint and a return standpoint for us. And so SmartFleet being but an example of what that R&D at scale looks like when it’s applied to North America. And so, yes, I think that does contribute to margins as does electric fleets as the many other sort of technology solutions that we’re working on all of the time.
Jeff Miller: Well, you’re thinking about it the right way. And I expect that it does increase demand just because there’s going to be more disruption in the system, meaning fleets will have to follow rigs. That will then create demand for more fleet. Yes, if we’re at 90%, clearly, we sort of run to the end of that quite quickly and expect the entire market needs to get better from a price standpoint. And I expect that we will see that as it gets -- we’re seeing it now. I think that is a dynamic that will continue certainly throughout the balance of this year.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think prices would have to move a long way. And some of the conversion you’re talking about, that’s dramatic. That’s open heart surgery. Getting from Tier 2 to Tier 4 is not something that happened simply. And it’s really going against the direction the entire market’s going, which is towards environmentally friendly equipment. So, things that come off the bench aren’t going to be in that category for sure. And I think the cost of getting things off the bench for what’s there is going to be a lot higher than people think, and so I think that’s a barrier to that coming back. A lot of that equipment was consumed in the last cycle as spare parts and all of the rest of that. So, I think we underestimate -- excuse me, I think there’s a lot less of that and its cost is much higher.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Yes, we do, is the answer. We believe we thrive in this type of environment and managing or maintaining CapEx where it is. Look, it’s a 5% to 6% of revenues. In my view, this very much show me story and we expect to deliver returns. And we do things ratably. And strategically, we view North America as maximizing value in North America. That means managing the right level of spend, the right type of technology, the right pacing of equipment. Clearly, the right pricing for equipment and making the right cash flow from that equipment. And so, the target is -- we are very consistent around our strategy, and that strategy is actually quite exciting for us to pursue a strategy that delivers the most free cash flow and grows and improves margin. So, I view this as a margin cycle, not a build cycle. And like I said, our team is excited about pursuing that, delivering on that. And that’s why very comfortable with sort of that balance of the right level of investment, while we invest in D&E and international businesses at the same time. I mean, all of that fits together into how do we deliver and our plan to deliver accelerating free cash flow.
Jeff Miller: Well, it’s a great starting point, and we expect it to trend higher over time as we move through. So, this is the result of technology investment, an excellent drilling business, drilling technology, collaborative approach with our clients, our value proposition; and the other service lines that are in D&E, very strong service lines, drilling fluids, I won’t try to name them all here, but a very strong group of businesses. And I think what you’re seeing in the margin is a demonstration of the improvement in capital velocity that we saw from the new technology in Sperry; also the improved capabilities, whether it’s LWD or the ability to manage the data around that with the 3D inversion. So, there’s a whole series of things that we’ve been working on and actually have many more things left to deliver in that business during 2022. So, our expectations are that we’re starting at a higher point -- or we’re starting the year lower, but we are moving to a higher point. And I think we’ll see that sort of repeat. Great expectations for that business.
Jeff Miller: Look, these are things we’ve seen and done before. Always unfortunate in so many ways for so many people. But from a business perspective, we’ve managed these sorts of things up and down for, I hate to say, nearly 100 years. So, these are the kinds of things that we would manage through.
Jeff Miller: Thank you, Shannon. Look, I’ll just conclude that this upcycle is a great setup for Halliburton to achieve profitable growth and accelerated free cash flow generation. Today’s dividend increase and debt retirement announcements provide just two examples of what Halliburton expects to deliver throughout this multiyear upcycle. I look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Shannon, let’s close out the call.
Lance Loeffler: We do, Chase. It’s a good question. We do. So, in our software business, the way that we recognize revenue is sort of spread now between the fourth quarter and the first quarter. So, we still have some resiliency from the software sales. But I wouldn’t discount what we’re doing on the drilling side. You heard Jeff talk about it in his prepared remarks. We’re really excited about what that means for our business. I mean, clearly, we have the weather-driven seasonality that will continue, and that’s always something that exists during the real hard winter months in places like the North Sea and Russia, in particular. But I really think that we’re excited about what the drilling business and the change that we’re making and the impact that’s coming from sort of that investment that we made in rekitting Sperry, for example, is really beginning to pay off.
Lance Loeffler: Sure, Scott. This is Lance. Look, we think about it very similar to sort of the line of question you’re going down. I mean, look, today, I think this is a first step in a long line of other things that we expect to do to really accelerate cash returns to shareholders. It will come in the form of both increasing the dividend over time but doing it responsibly. And with any excess free cash flow that we would like to dedicate, we may reinstitute share repurchases. So, I think it will be a balance. We’ll see what it’s like when it gets there, not big band of a variable dividend today. Feel like we have the right things in place, and our communications to The Street are pretty clear around how we’re managing this business and prioritizing free cash flow. And we’ll be really good stewards about how we send it back to shareholders.
Lance Loeffler: Yes. Good question. I appreciate the follow-up. I think today, a minimum cash balance for us to run our business is around $2 billion, give or take. And so, we’re always sensitive a little bit to that or mindful of it. But I would say, I’ve been pretty clear about what we want to do in terms of strengthening the balance sheet. We need to be closer to 2 times debt to EBITDA. We spent a lot of time on this call, I know Jeff has, talking about the trajectory of the denominator in that equation. And we have work to do on the numerator. So, we expect to continue to find ways to attack gross debt. And I think starting with retiring the ‘23s and what’s left of the ‘25s post this redemption is a good target.
Lance Loeffler: Yes. Look, you’re right. Really happy with the way ‘21 free cash flow performed for us. And I think that we’ve talked about before how we’ve meaningfully, I believe, transformed the free cash flow profile of Halliburton and all the strategic priorities that we’ve sort of discussed are things that help drive us to that end. But you’re right. I think stronger free cash flow starts with stronger margins. And I think what you should expect for 2022 is to see that continued strength, operating cash flow less or excluding working capital to continue to drive higher, obviously. But I think that we’re running into a period of time in 2022 that the amount of growth that we expect in the business is just going to drive an investment in working capital as opposed to a release of cash. But, as I’ve always said, we are looking to put that investment back much more efficiently than when we took it out. And personally, that’s something that I’m committed to and working really hard with the organization to find those benefits.
