Dave Lesar: Okay, to sum up. We continue to make progress with the Baker Hughes acquisition, and we are diligently focused on finalizing all regulatory matters, completing the divestiture process, and preparing for integration activities after closing the deal. We are managing the downturn by executing our two-pronged strategy, getting down to our purest form of cost, while retaining the flexibility to grow in our usual disciplined way, as activity levels recover. For the fourth quarter, there's a lot of uncertainty as we approach the holiday season. But we believe that customer budgets will reload in the first quarter, and anticipate activity to ramp up in the second half of 2016. Looking ahead, we're not going to try to call the exact shape of recovery. But we do believe that the longer it takes, the sharper it will be. And when that recovery comes, we expect North America will offer the greatest upside, and that Halliburton will be best positioned to lead the way. And finally, there is no doubt that this is going to be a bumpy road. But history would tell you that we have outperformed in these kinds of markets, turning them into a new catalyst for growth. We are the execution company. So you can be sure that whatever the market gives us, we will take it, and then take some more. Now, let's open it up for questions.
Dave Lesar: I think it really depends. Obviously, there has to be, and there will be a budget reload that takes place in Q1. I think the big question mark is how fast do our customers go back to work once they do reload their budgets, given off what we think we will be a relatively low rig count volume in the latter part of the quarter, especially in December. So it really depends on the bounce back, but the cash will be there. And I think one of the things that our customers demonstrate, and believe me, we love all our customers. If they have cash they are going to spend it. And so, really, it depends on how quickly they want to ramp up, but I do think that as we look at the potentiality of Q1, if there is a slow ramp up that gets a little better toward the end of the first quarter, I think that could be the bottom from a margin standpoint then at that point in time. And then my comment about sort of the rest of 2016 for North America looking a bit like a mirror image of 2015, if you get off the mark slow on your spend, then I think it really does come a little stronger in the back half of the year, and that gives us some hope at this point in time.
Dave Lesar: I think you can -- this is Dave, you can argue all the macroeconomics, where is the breakeven price point. I think it's –- there's really actually, I think, a different way you need to think about the customer base in North America, especially the independent customer base. And that’s essentially with the high decline curves that exist on these unconventional plays. They are really are in drill or die mode. So if you go a year without drilling a well, and your production starts to turnover, you are going to have to start drilling or you are going to have to take your infrastructure apart that you’ve built up as a company. So I think that as we get to the end of the year, if these guys have money, they are going to drill it up, and that’s just the fact that it is. Now, oil is at 60, I think the banks will be more comfortable with extending lines of credit with the debt positions that are there, but I think that the real key is going to be the production declines you see, and when these companies get to the point where they have to start drilling or they have to start dismantling their companies, and they are not going to want to do that.
Dave Lesar: No, I mean we are absolutely confident in the synergies of nearly $2 billion that we’ve talked about, and I say that because those aren’t synergies associated with necessarily the market-related taking out a layer at Halliburton that we were talking about. These are more around changing basic ways that we work that then drive meaningful, sustainable savings. And they range -– won't give you too much granularity on them, but it is the way that we, for example, plug into North America's supply chain being an example of that. I mean, that is a very valuable asset that immediately allows cost savings that are very sustainable. We can think about the same things in technology in a lot places around the company, where changing the way we work together is actually going to eliminate that, the bigger piece of cost.
Dave Lesar: Thanks, Angie. Yes, I mean the playbook as I described is as simple, but not easy. And it means that we stay with the customers that can be efficient -- that want to be efficient, and that are in the fairways. We stay in the basins where the efficiency matters, and by matters, I mean it always matters, but it matters the most to us when it creates a critical mass that allows us to leverage up on the volume and take advantage of our lowest unit cost delivery. And then finally, there's clients with the sense of urgency. And by sense of urgency, I mean the urgency to keep the equipment working, which ultimately does drive outsized profitability for Halliburton. And so with activity, I see the same the path as we saw before. That hasn’t changed at all.
Dave Lesar: So, I think it really depends on what their bankers are going to let them do or whether their stock price has reasonably well held up in this market. Obviously, some of our customers had their share prices just crushed, and some have pulled back, but also to the point where they do believe that maybe they can go back in the market for equity if there is a more optimistic view of where WTI prices are. I think the customer discussions are really -- we’re going to wait and see right now, but we are going to reload our capital for next year. Some of them are talking about getting back to work as early as January, coming off a Q4 lull, and some, I think, are going to take a bit of a wait and see, but I think very, very few of them, and certainly I don’t think I’ve had a single discussion where the customer are going to let themselves get into a position of a meaningful decline in production before they figure out a way to start drilling again. And then there is another group of customers out there that really view that there is a subset of the customer base that will not get access to money, that will see a decline, that have good acreage, and they are going to be absolutely juicy takeover candidates at that point. So I think it's just we just got to wait and see the -- these re-determinations are going on, and it looks, generally to me, like it’s a sort of kick-the-can-down-a-road approach that's being taken at this point. But that really just pushes the day of reckoning into sort of the first quarter of next year. But the reality is that the strong customers are going to survive. They are going to have money, and they’re going to drill at some point next year.
Dave Lesar: Yes, I guess let me just add to that. I mean there is the point that, yes, we have walked away from work and are walking away from work every day. However, there are some key customers as Jeff said in key basins that have been very loyal to us, and we want to stay loyal to them. We know they are going to survive. We know they have good assets. We know they are going to get a budget reload, and we know that they want to take advantage of the services pricing that's out there today, even if I don’t like that service pricing, it is there. It’s a fact of the market. This is a long-term game we are in. These are long-term customers we have. We typically make good money from them in good times, and I’m not going to walk away from them in the kind of times we are in today because it will pay off in the long run, and I think that’s in my view the smart way to approach this.
Dave Lesar: Yes, I think -- and let me just add a little bit more color to that, because I think it’s important to sort of sit back and understand where does the customer have a leverage point in these negotiations. So if you go back to a -- let’s say U.S. horizontal unconventional well, and it costs a dollar, about -- say about $0.70 of that dollar is focused on the completion, particularly the frac. So that’s naturally where customers have gone in terms of the pressure to reduce cost. If you go to an offshore kind of a project, the cost is really in the E&C cost, it’s in the day rate and the drilling rig, and other services work that we do is maybe 20% of that. And so, the leverage point that customers have gone for there, and obviously you all follow the sector, has been to the day rates on the drilling contractors and to the E&C companies with a discussion with us on services rates, but we are not the sort of cost tail wagging the dog on the offshore stuff. It’s really the other guys, and that’s really where the pricing leverage has been directed initially.
Dave Lesar: Yes, that’s a -- it’s actually a great question, and I don’t know the answer to that, but it will be a longer lag, mainly because you look inside of the two sort of I guess tranches of customers internationally. The NOCs have not pulled back as dramatically as the IOCs have, with respect to their deepwater projects. And so, the NOCs I think will -- if you think about sort of a slow wave up and down, I think that’s what you are going to see, but I think that if you look at the economics of deepwater development, I believe the IOCs are going to have to be convinced that not only are the prices at a point where these things can at least cash flow in the long run that they see an upward trajectory in oil prices that they can make a return on these deepwater projects over a period a year. So, it's certainly not going to be the first quarter or two of high oil prices before you see a bounce back in the actual contracting for revenue and the offshore. You might see some feeds startup. You might see some pre-engineering startup. You might see project planning starting up. And all of that would be good, because it’s a sign that they are thinking about going more and quickly into the deeper water, but it's going to be several quarters and it really is going to be building confidence back up in the IOCs that the market is there for the long run.
Dave Lesar: So, I guess the only thing I would add, Jim, is to the extent we have seen any structural change that we have given up to our customer, we will take the same structural change out of our supply chain. And so, hopefully would end up basically net even.
Jeff Miller: Yes, thanks, Jud, this is Jeff. Well, look, really these guys internationally are absolutely on top of their business. So they are, you know, as you say, continuing to outperform our competitors in a very tough market, and it really gets down to a couple of things. They are winning the right contracts and they are winning quite a few important contracts in markets that are important to them, and also managing the heck out of their costs. And so -- and this is a team that I fully expect will continue to outperform even when the market starts to recover.
Jeff Miller: Thanks, Sean. If we look at the amount of horsepower that's idled right now, just on the side lines, about half of it is on the sidelines today in terms of stacked equipment. And that’s equipment that’s not getting any maintenance, and it's being cannibalized for parts. The other factor that we see now, service intensity continues to increase actually on a per well basis. And so, that’s yet again harder on the equipment that is working. So if we look at what’s stacked today, we think about half of that equipment stacked today will not be ultimately serviceable. So that maybe in their estimates four to six million horsepower out of the market in ’16, and that’s very realistic. If we go back and think about 2013 Q4, we had talked about a 30% or so overhang of equipment then, and that capacity overage narrowed to 5% by the end of Q1 of ’14. So that didn’t happen in 90 days. That happened throughout that downturn period. So, the takeaway is that’s exactly why we are committed to Frac of the Future, and having equipment in place, it's able to perform in this environment.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thanks. As we look at how we do business, we get a lot of opportunities to clarify precisely what are those moving parts. And so as we look at what’s absolutely required to deliver in terms of span and control, and oversight of process execution, it became clear that there was a service line component in North America, an entire layer that we were able to remove. This is really -- we can do that, because of the discipline that we have around how we execute process. And as that has continued to tighten, we’ve actually seen at into the downturn, service quality getting better, not worse. And that’s unusual actually going into a market like this. I attribute that to the discipline around execution. And so that then allows us to remove that layer as we -- so that’s that that thought. If we think about other opportunities, we are constantly evaluating things that we can do to take cost out of our business, and this is in North America and the rest of the world in terms of maintenance process, value engineering exercises, kaizen events. So we are highly engaged in looking at those opportunities.
Jeff Miller: Yes, well, the -- yes, when we look at -- I won't give you a price, James, on the call, but what I will tell you is that we look at a number of factors when we look at customers challenging as it is right now. And so, I’ll give you not the price, but I will talk about the factors. So we absolutely look at the efficiency as clearly a component of how we look at pricing. It’s also again customers and basins where we not only see resilience, and customers able to execute. So it’s not so much a number though we have taken equipment, and we have that equipment in 2015 when we got into situations where it simply did not make sense to put equipment to work.
Jeff Miller: I think the -- Bill, this is Jeff. Q4 right now is murky across the piece, and I think it's the unrealistic -- if clients stop working at the thanksgiving, if we look back to 2012, there was significant slowdown around thanksgiving that sort of continue through to the New Year. It would be hard to imagine that D&E is immune to the same activity slowdown. That said, although what it does emphasize is sort of the bifurcation in the marketplace, and how stressed pressure pumping is today. And that’s why I get back to -- and I have a lot of confidence in our team, and our team knows how to manage through market like this.
Jeff Miller: Thanks, Scott. The reality is this is a very small piece of the market certainly today with effect to refract. That said, we are finalizing terms on a deal under that arrangement. I think the real story -- the real and probably more important story is around the technology, the diversion capability, and how that applies not only to refrac and to new wells and how that’s able to improve production to make better wells. The other thing that when we look at refrac is we see it really more as a portfolio approach to asset management, meaning, it’s in the toolbox, it’s something important that clients can use to better manage pressure in the field, pressure sinks, and the relationship between parent wells and daughter wells. So, the takeaway though is that the technology and the funding are both in place and we are well prepared for that as -- or to the extent that it does develop.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I mean when we talk about -- when I think about drilled but uncompleted is arguably deferred revenue, and it makes sense to do when rigs are contract and a company is trying to converse cash. Nevertheless, those are there in the ground and they are ready source cash flow, and so, I think they may end up a little bit uncoupled from the rig count, per se, just because it’s there and needs to be done.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I mean in terms of -- these are negotiations that seem be that are ongoing, and so, round one arguably occur early in the cycle, actually much was stressed even at 100 in deep water. And so, this has been an ongoing discussion of both negotiation and re-tendering of work. So what we talked about in the last quarter probably a quarter has been -- a quarter to a half has been absorbed during the current quarter though as long as we see pricing -- commodity pricing, where it is, and delays in terms of activity, I wholly expect we will continue to see this. Now, the better discussion that we have with clients is around how to do drive efficiency and how to use those things that are in our value proposition around increasing reliability and reducing uncertainty to help lower their overall cost, and I would say I am pleased that we are having more discussions that look like that with clients as they realize that they reached kind of limits around what’s available in the service sector.
Jeff Miller: Probably, I could see response in West Africa pretty quickly, the infrastructure is in place. It’s not as hard to startup there as it would be maybe in some other markets, but again the -- there certainly would be the lag that Dave is describing.
Jeff Miller: Yes, that’s a great question, Jim. I think if the margins are at the tail, the beginning and ending tail, you see sort of dramatic behavior. So I think that, you know, that has not been given away. I think that the path sort of more in the middle will be retained when we get back in balance here with the service companies. So the short answer is I think we keep most of that. We do get most of that back under the right conditions, but the very right hand side of the upper limits that we saw even going back to 2012, and 2009, '10, '11, those sort of numbers -- we stay more sustainable higher margins based on how we execute, how we take off that out of the system, and that maybe preferentially better performance by Halliburton around those things.
Jeff Miller: Yes, thank you, Danielle. So I'd like to wrap up this call with just a few key takeaways. First, the pumping business in North America is clearly the most stressed segment of the market today, but it’s also the market that we know the best. We know our approach works when the market turns, and it will. This is the segment that we expect to rebound the most sharply. Second, we are maintaining our North American infrastructure required to accelerate delivery of the Baker Hughes acquisition synergies at a cost of about 400 basis points. And then finally, our international franchise continues to deliver market-leading performance on relative basis both year-over-year, and sequentially in a tough, tough market. So I look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Danielle, you can close out the call.
Christian Garcia: Jud, this is Christian. Let me take the question -- your question on 2016. If you look at how our margins behaved on a year-to-date basis, our international margins actually had improvement despite revenues lower by 11%. So we actually had incrementals this year. If fact, we are compressed with a margin gap between us and our largest competitor by about 200 basis points in a scenario where our revenues declined less. Now, in 2016, it is unrealistic for us to think that we can continue to see our margin increase or even remain at these levels over the next year, given that we are going to continue to deal with a tough environment. Now, in terms of margin progressions or decrementals, it would be very dependent on the magnitude of the declines between activity and pricing, and it is way too difficult to say at this point, but I will tell you we will continue to aspire to continue to outperform our competition.
Christian Garcia: For the next few quarters, our year-to-date cash flows has been impacted by a couple of things, Macondo legacy payment with restructuring and acquisition-related cost. But if you look at our historical seasonality in cash generation, we typically do not generate a lot of cash in the third quarter anyway. But we generate the majority of our cash for the year in the fourth quarter. So we anticipate that our historical seasonality will hold true for this year, and expect to generate cash in the fourth quarter. So in terms of CapEx, as we pointed out, 2.4 billion took out another 200 million, but as we reiterated in our prepared remarks, we are still committed to the Q10 program.
Christian Garcia: That’s right, decrementals are 67% in the third quarter and we are guiding to a decrementals in the mid-teens in Q4. Well, the reason for that is most of the cost reductions that we did were towards the end of the quarter, savings of which did not have a material impact in the third quarter. So we expect those savings will be in the fourth quarter, and that’s why we expect to see a drop in decrementals quarter-over-quarter.
Christian Garcia: Jim, as a just general statement, that we are seeing lengthening of payment patterns from our customers, whether it’s in the Middle East or everywhere else, but I am just happy to say that when you look at us versus our peers, our day sales outstanding continues to lead the pack.
