Chris Weber: Thanks, Jeff. Let’s start with a summary of our first quarter results compared to the first quarter of 2017. Total company revenue for the quarter was $5.7 billion and adjusted operating income was $619 million, representing a year-over-year increase of 34% and over 200%, respectively. These results were primarily driven by increased activity in North America. Moving to our division results. In our Completion and Production division, revenue increased by 46% and operating income was in tripled to $500 million. These results were primarily due to improvements in United States land. Additionally, results improved due to increased well completion services in Europe, Africa, CIS and higher stimulation activity in the Middle East. In our Drilling and Evaluation division, revenue increased by 15% while operating income increased 54%. These results were primarily driven by increased drilling activity in North America and the Eastern Hemisphere, particularly in the North Sea. These results were partially offset by activity declines across multiple product service lines in Latin America. In North America, revenue increased 58%. This improvement was led by increased activity throughout the United States land sector in the majority of Halliburton’s product service lines, primarily pressure pumping, as well as higher drilling and artificial lift activity. Latin America revenue decreased by 1% due to activity declines in Venezuela and Mexico. These results were partially offset by increases in drilling and pressure pumping services in Argentina. Turning to Europe, Africa, CIS, we saw revenue improve by 19% mainly due to higher drilling activity and well completion services in the North Sea, coupled with increased activity in Russia and Azerbaijan. These results were partially offset by activity reductions in Angola. In the Middle East, Asia region, revenue increased 7%. This increase is largely the result of increased drilling and stimulation activity in the Middle East and increased drilling activity in Indonesia, offset by lower completion tool sales and project management activity in the Middle East. Regarding Venezuela, as a result of recent changes in its foreign currency exchange system and continued devaluation of the local currency, combined with U.S. sanctions and ongoing political and economic challenges, we wrote down all of our remaining investment in the country. This resulted in a $312 million, net of tax charge during the first quarter. We continue to work in Venezuela and carefully manage our go-forward exposure. In the first quarter, our corporate and other expense totaled $69 million and net interest expense was $140 million in line with our previous guidance. We expect these items to continue at this run rate in the second quarter. Our effective tax rate for the first quarter, excluding Venezuela-related charges, came in at approximately 21% as a result of U.S. tax reform and our geographic earnings mix. Going forward, we expect our 2018 full year and second quarter effective tax rate to be approximately 22%. Cash flow from operations during the first quarter was $572 million with capital expenditures of $501 million ending the quarter with a cash balance of approximately $2.3 billion. For the full year 2018, we now anticipate our CapEx spend to be about $2 billion. We like what the market is showing us for 2018 and beyond and while spending slightly more than our D&A, customer demand supports this investment and we expect it to generate attractive returns. We ended the quarter with 2.3 billion in cash and expect to generate strong free cash flow in 2018. Consistent with prior years, we expect our cash balance to grow in the second half of the year. Now, turning to our thoughts on the second quarter. In our Drilling and Evaluation division, we expect our revenue and margin to be similar to the first quarter, primarily due to continued pricing pressure in the international market offsetting activity increases. In our Completion and Production division, we expect strong revenue and margin growth driven by the strengthening North America market. Based on what we see today we believe current second quarter consensus EPS provides a good target for our performance. Let me turn it back to Jeff for a few closing comments.
Chris Weber: As we do see, like we said on D&E which is largely international, flattish second quarter to first, but we would expect as we move into the second half of the year that we’ll see it – start to see some improvement in our international results and thus our D&E results. Not a lot, but some incremental improvement as we get closer to that inflection point that we’re seeing in 2019 that Jeff talked about.
Chris Weber: Jud, this is Chris. Like we said, we bumped our CapEx budget. Now I think so full year will be about $2 billion, a little bit higher than we were guiding before. And I think it’s important to note that we’re pretty thoughtful about our capital investment decisions always looking at it through the returns lens and is it going to be value accretive, is it going to generate attractive returns. And that’s what we saw with the opportunity with regards to the CapEx rate. And the majority of the increase is going into Sperry. And so we’re excited about it. As Jeff talked about, this is a product line that we underinvested in for a number of years. This is a strategic priority for the organization. We’re seeing great demand both for existing technology and the new technology and it’s actually positioning equipment for work in 2019. And we think we’ll generate attractive returns over the long term. So we’re excited about the opportunity. But this CapEx raise in terms of guidance doesn’t change our outlook or expectation for generating strong free cash flow this year nor our focus on capital discipline.
Chris Weber: Waqar, this is Chris. It was generally in line with what we thought it was going to be and we felt good with regards to the outlook that we provided and delivering on that. When you step back – we were the first to actually see this problem and get our arms around it. We’re able to provide an update to the market and more importantly be able to start executing on the solution as it relates to working through the logistics constraints and minimizing disruption for our customers. And then when you think about our expectations for exiting the first quarter in a strong position and delivering on that, this all for the most part played out like we thought it was going to.
Chris Weber: From a revenue impact, I wouldn’t want to comment. We talked about from $0.10 perspective. I think we were generally in that range. And so I think – and that’s what I focus on.
Chris Weber: And we take a global view of our equipment and tools and where they are, so we’re going to allocate where we think we see the demand assuming it’s cost effective to move in there. So definitely take a global perspective as it relates to our equipment allocation.
Jeff Miller: Thanks, Chris. Let me sum it up. First, I want to thank all of our employees for what they do to deliver our value proposition every day. It really matters and we saw it this quarter. In North America, I am pleased with the way Halliburton executed through the quarter given the challenges we faced. We managed through the supply chain issues and exited the quarter on the path to normalized margins. Looking ahead, I am excited about the way the North America market is shaping up for the remainder of the year and the role it is playing in the global supply. My view on the international market remains intact. I’m encouraged by the activity outlook that should ultimately lead to price inflection in 2019. We are the execution company. We are focused on service quality, capital discipline, generating superior financial performance and delivering industry-leading shareholder returns. Now, let’s open it up for questions.
Jeff Miller: Thanks, James. It is different. Our customers are asking us for equipment. We’re not trying to put older equipment into the market. And because of that it makes for a totally different conversation. But I think backing up and looking at overall supply and demand, it looks like the market’s undersupplied probably 1 million, 1.5 million horsepower today, and I expect that it stays that way certainly for this year and likely beyond, and a lot of that is because of the attrition that I talk about that is very real, and we look at horsepower announcements versus actual fleet adds. And all that does is it affected about half of the horsepower announced is going back into existing fleets tells me that that market stays tight. And so for that reason from our perspective anyway, we see solid pricing. We push it every day. We’re not going to get into the strategy around how we do that, but certainly see cost to cover – pricing to cover inflation out there as well as pushing on the net pricing side of that as well.
Jeff Miller: No, we should see some – I think we outgrow the expected spend internationally. So I see the top line is up for the full year 2018.
Jeff Miller: No, I would say pricing continues to go down. I mean, we look at pricing internationally. We’re excited about the volume of activity and we like to see more tenders. But I can tell you our customers know that we’re at the bottom as well. And so from our perspective price is actually continuing to move down not up internationally as we start to see the large projects come through. So I expect that we see inflection in 2019, expect that we gain share as we work through the cycle and that’s why we see revenues up for the full year. But clearly that is going to offset the benefit from higher activity.
Jeff Miller: Thanks, Sean. Let’s go back and talk about the three levers. So price is always important. So when I look at margin progression, clearly price is important. But at the same time utilization is an important lever and allows us to move on the margin front as does technology help us do the same thing, and technology in effect helps our customers generate more value but at the same time reduces our cost, and that’s the important piece of that in terms of supporting our margin expansion outlook for the balance of the year. Our business development guys are in the market every single day, and because of our efficiency and technology and science, I mean that’s the price support for what we do. But at the same time, those other two levers are very important.
Jeff Miller: Yes, I would say if we look back a year now and talk about the contracts that we had there, a large part of that has rolled over. And so what we look at now is improving the margins on the contracts that we have. And a lot of this does get to efficiency and this is one of the reasons why our business development team is so focused on where are the customers where we can get the best efficiency and utilization. That’s a key part of how we expand margins. And so that opportunity is clearly still there. Customers remain urgent and that customer urgency is critical because even spending within cash flow, for example, urgency around effectiveness of every dollar spent matters a lot and that may not have been the case two years ago at the absolute bottom of the downturn but today that is a critical factor for our customers. And again where we spend a lot of our energy is making sure that we are able to execute that way.
Jeff Miller: Well, I think none of those service lines declined as much as pressure pumping did through the downturn, so they don’t have as far to move up. Though that said, I do expect a growing market and as the rig count rise up I suspect we’ll see more tightness around those things and the ability to move price up modestly.
Jeff Miller: Sure, Angie. We look at sort of headline horsepower in the marketplace. We think it’s probably 18 million horsepower, somewhere in that range. We look at what’s been announced in terms of new build and reactivations that comes to maybe 4.5 million horsepower. Of that, we expect roughly half of that is going to get plowed back into existing fleets. In Halliburton, we’ve maintained our fleets at 36,000 horsepower on average which tells me that we’re getting differential performance around that equipment. And so that clearly in my view with the kind of rig count that we have today and the outlook for growth this year keeps that tight. And so I think that’s how we see it unfolding for the balance of the year. Now your question around horsepower age, so much of that has to do – we think about our horsepower in terms of how effective is it on location and clearly we’ve got proprietary technology around our pumping and in other things we do around maintenance, et cetera. And I think because of that, we’re differentially positioned in the market and of course that has an impact on where we can work, how effective we are, what kind of margins we can earn.
Jeff Miller: Angie, that’s really maybe the way it was several years ago. But I’d say today it’s staggered. It’s all over the place as we work through the downturn and back out of the downturn, a lot of variability in what contracts look like. So I certainly wouldn’t frame it that way. Really it’s a matter of execution every day and demonstrating the value so that we can have a value discussion.
Jeff Miller: Yes, the short answer is price is always important but I talk about the three levers because I believe we get there on the back of improving utilization and technology. And I’ve said that for a long time. Pricing’s certainly helpful but not a requirement.
Jeff Miller: Yes, Dave, I’ve defined normalized margins as 20%. That’s been something we’ve talked about it over some period of time and that’s where I think the business settles. And if we go – we were getting to that place, we were at that place in 2014 realistically. What we had was demand go away but it wasn’t necessarily an oversupplied market. What we had was a downturn where demand went away. But I fully expect that we’ll work back into that range and that’s just what we’re doing with the levers I described. Clearly price is important but the kind of utilization that we’re able to get today because of our process or technology that’s always a key component of any kind of margin outperformance.
Jeff Miller: Yes, that’s why I used the word normalized because really we’d always describe that as a normal range for this business was in that range and the work that we’re doing is build around having this business operate at those levels.
Jeff Miller: Yes, I would say the behavior of the market probably looks somewhat consistent with what it does sort of every year and I’ll just leave it at that. And in terms of timing, Q4 always have some spotty weather and Q1 this year had cold weather – had the rail issues that we had. So as we work through the year I suspect it’s over the next couple of quarters.
Jeff Miller: Well, that’s a moving target as we speak. So if we go back six months ago, it was zero and I suspect as we get into some time next year, there is a – for the market anyway there’s a path to oversupply that market from the Permian. And that’s sort of the projects that we see or at least are in process of getting built. So it’s probably never a 100% but it could be a substantial portion of the sand demand in the Permian will come from buy-ins in the Permian. It’s a dynamic we’re starting to see in other basins as well. What it ultimately does is it serves to relieve pressure on rail and then certainly provides for more availability of Northern White to the markets that will probably continue to demand that.
Jeff Miller: Thanks, Jim. As you say, LSTK has been around for a long time. It’s gone by a lot of different names over the years; integrated solutions, IPM, as I say a number of names. I think the key again is execution risk and how well we manage that. We’re not afraid of execution risk and that’s really the basis for the contract is that execution risk. What I do like about them is that they aren’t the kind of investments in oil and gas that take long time in commodity exposure. So from a cash return standpoint, it certainly work. I’d say the key components of executing those well around project management and understanding that risk. We’ve got terrific experience during this. That share for Halliburton grew dramatically through the last two or three years and we’ve done it for a long time. And so the skill sets are different and it takes time to develop those and I’m pleased that we have those skills today at Halliburton and compete very effectively. But I would wrap up with though is that they do get progressively more competitive over time.
Jeff Miller: Yes, thanks, Jim. That’s a really meaningful lever for Halliburton. And having spreads spoken for is radically different from utilization in terms of pumping hours per day. And so we spend a lot of time and apply big data and apply algorithms and have a lot of effort put into how do we drive better utilization of our equipment every minute of every day. And there is a lot of room to run there. And that also is why I spend so much time talking about customers and where we are most effective and customers that better utilize our value proposition because that is truly a win-win. But again to go back to the idea is there’s plenty of room for us to run in that regard.
Jeff Miller: Thanks, Scott. It’s probably less than overall market number though mid upper single digits is a good place to think. But it’s more around specific markets where we see tightness. And part of what we see right now is a sort of thinly spread addition of sort of activity is not sufficient in any particular market to create the tightness that would allow for pricing inflection. And so I think it’s better to look at particular markets as we go through this process and it is maybe the overall. Clearly there’s a place where overall growth is enough to create overall tightness. But I think the early innings of this will look more like specific markets or technologies that are tight.
Jeff Miller: Look, I’m not going to call that right now. I’m really excited about where we’re going in that space in terms of differentiated equipment and I talked about Sperry but I’d also talk about our other service lines in D&E, excited about all of those. We’ve made a lot of gains over the last several years in terms of open hole and deepwater technology around drilling fluids is fantastic and growing. And so I feel like those margins will continue to expand as we see sort of tightness appear around the world internationally. Those tend to be more heavily weighted internationally just because that’s where more of the drilling activity is on a relative basis in North America. The actual drilling of a well is a smaller part of the overall ticket than the completion.
Jeff Miller: It’s not just the days that we were slowed down but in addition to that it’s the response to those things which involves spot buying of very expensive sand, trucking things that ought to be railed. It’s a long – number of things that play into that response that served to impact margins.
Jeff Miller: No. I think that we’re well positioned to continue to grow. Q1 is always down relative to Q4. Q2, it’s following the same trajectory or curve that we’ve seen sort of year-upon-year-upon-year. So I don’t expect to see any changes there and expect to see continued outperformance or market share performance as we move into the next cycle. What’s important is how well we’re positioned internationally and I think that’s the change then until now. We made a lot of investment back in '12, '13 to be better positioned internationally. I love where we are competing in every market. So I expect we’ll perform very well into the next cycle.
Jeff Miller: Yes, I would say that we are continuing to see sort of that flattish kind of activity. It’s not wildly up, wildly down. Again, as I’ve said before, sands one of those things we clearly want to optimize over time. It’s certainly a cost but at the same time as companies figure out how to best complete wells, better design completions, sand can move up for a time. And then they sort of define the limits of up and down – of high and low. They tend to find some places most effective in the middle.
Jeff Miller: We’re going to manage our cost structure pretty tightly as we go into the next cycle. Our value proposition is that we collaborate and engineer solutions to maximize asset value for our customers. Our planning is in place to execute that strategy. And if we deploy resources, they’ll be more focused on executing the work but the key is to maintain the efficiencies that we develop through the downturn and make sure that’s part of whatever that ramp looks like going into the second half of this year and '19.
Jeff Miller: Look, nothing’s changed. I think it’s more about when you see that in the P&L, the reality is pricing in pockets as market tightens towards the end of this year, I suspect that we see the ability to move on price. But overall we’re going to still see working off of contracts that were either light last year or this year. And so when I talked about inflection, I don’t suspect you actually see much of that until we get into 2019.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think to start with, our logistics investment and our logistics team is terrific. And so we will work through whatever those challenges are as they appear. But I think some of the key building blocks are in place particularly around how we move sand on a local basis. I think the box technology gives us a lot of options around how to move sand in ways to be more effective with that. We’ve got a lot of different ideas that I won’t layout on this call for all the reasons you might imagine. But I’m really excited about that shift and I don’t think Northern White gets more focused on other parts of the country which again we’ve got terrific logistics infrastructure to deal with that. And I think it actually creates just new opportunities. Will there be congestion? Yes, there probably will. But at the same time it feels – I can see a path to how we manage that that’s exciting.
Jeff Miller: Look, Kurt, we’re going to participate in that market. I think that our value proposition – when we view that market, things that bring the structural costs down are good for our business, all of our business including our customers, including Halliburton. And so we look at that as an opportunity to reduce the cost of this which actually allows our customers to do more work and do more of the work that I think is differential for Halliburton which is how to design and place fracs in a way that makes better well and does it more efficiently. So real excited about that. It’s going to probably be more adopted as it becomes more available and clearly everything would indicate that there will be a lot of availability of that sand as we work through the balance of 2018, certainly into '19.
Jeff Miller: Well, I would say it’s certainly smaller and shorter as we worked into the downturn, and at least at this point in time feel somewhat shorter. Clearly we prefer that just so that we got the ability to flex around equipment as time moves on. Obviously there will be a mixed bag of contract both duration and prices. We worked through this. But I think the short answer is certainly up until this point we’ve tended to see shorter duration contracts.
Jeff Miller: Thanks, Liz. Before we close, I’d like to just highlight a couple of key takeaways. First, I’m excited about the outlook for North America and our March exit margins clearly demonstrate our path to normalized margins. And secondly, I’m pleased to see the recovery trajectory in the international markets demonstrated by the increase in tender activity and believe that this will lead to pricing inflection in 2019. So I look forward to speaking with you all next quarter. Liz, you may now close out the call.
