David J. Lesar: Thanks, Tim. So obviously, a lot of moving parts this quarter. Let me summarize what I think should be the takeaways. One, we do not believe that there will be a collapse in margins in pressure pumping in the U.S. Therefore, our revenues and operating income are expected to increase in 2012 in North America. We expect our revenue growth will be in excess of the rig count growth in both the Eastern and Western Hemispheres. We expect our deepwater revenue growth will be in excess of the deepwater rig count growth, while we continue to earn from our customers kudos for our distinctive service quality. And although it will have a short-term impact on our margins, we are proactively moving equipment from dry gas basins to liquids plays, and this equipment is immediately displacing competition. We expect our Eastern Hemisphere margins to return to the mid- to high teens by the end of 2012, as we gain traction on new projects and growing our revenue faster than rig count. And lastly, our positive view of the market supports a capital spending of $3.5 billion to $4 billion. But let me reiterate, pressure pumping horsepower additions are not expected to increase over 2011, and we believe more of those will go to the international markets. So let's turn it over to questions at this point.
David J. Lesar: Yes, James, this is Dave. All of our equipment that we have out there today and all that we anticipate bringing out in 2012 is already allocated to a specific set of customers. So none of it will be sort of in the open speculative market.
David J. Lesar: Well, I think, obviously, as we -- as they shift into the oil basins, the opportunity to go toward 24-hour operations improves. Right now, activity is still fairly robust in those markets, and there's a clear shortage of people and equipment, as well as some of the supply chain issues that we find. And based on all the reports that we get from our guys in the field, we're continuing to get some pricing improvements in those oil- or liquids-rich basins. The problem, I think, that we face as we look forward is what will inflation do? As Dave commented, we're going to have continued challenges with logistics, with the supply chain moving proppants and gels and other things into those basins because they're in short supply. And we're fighting back inflation as hard as we can. Most of the price increases that I think that we're being able to achieve right now are serving to basically offset that inflation. We're going to have to work hard, as Dave commented, to really push back and see if we can get some relief from some of our suppliers as things soften in the gas basins. But we'll have to continue to work to make sure that we can get all of that passed through with the price increases that we get. So I think, as I've said, it's a little early to comment as to how much we can move pricing on a net basis, nor -- I just can't speculate at this point whether we'll be able to go back and get them back above those levels that we had in Q3 or even higher.
David J. Lesar: No, I think it's a -- I think it's more of a permanent feature of where we see the market. We were able to use the leverage of the frac fleet and still continue to use the leverage of the frac fleet -- don't get us wrong that we lost it, it's still there -- to bring some of our other product lines along. What we've been able to do is prove to our customers that by integrating those products together, with a frac, either through an integrated completion or integrated drilling, that there's actually a benefit to doing that. And therefore, our customer gets a well down faster, cheaper, more efficiently or more quickly. So I don't see the world going back to that because I think we've been at this long enough to prove the benefit of that strategy out.
David J. Lesar: No, I think, Bill, it's really the latter. I think the -- if you look at the spaces that we enumerated, where we've done shale fracs last year, those -- you got to think of those as really exploration plays still. But we are having enough discussions with enough customers in those geographies to indicate to us that the demand will be there for that equipment. And similar to what we saw in the U.S., the demand for additional horsepower to do these shale fracs is there. So typically, where the investment is going is to augment the horsepower that we already have in place in these countries to basically take advantage of and have adequate horsepower on standby to be able to do the larger shale fracs versus maybe conventional work we've done there in the past.
David J. Lesar: Into the -- primarily into the Rockies, the Niobrara, the Bakken, the liquids part of the Marcellus and a couple of other areas that maybe haven't hit the radar screen yet.
David J. Lesar: Well, the amount of horsepower that we will be producing is going to be flat on a year-over-year basis. There'll be more going into international than we did in 2011, which then means that there will be a fewer amount of horsepower going into North America. The numbers go up on a year-over-year basis because of the manufacturing of the Q10 pump, which is in full production as we speak, and then as well as the addition of other kit to go along with that, the replacement of blenders and the SandCastle and other equipment, that's part and parcel to our frac-of-the-future strategy.
Mark A. McCollum: I think the answer is at this point, James, that it's too early to tell. Obviously, we said in our comments, we look at the gas market's changes right now with some level of concern. But for the time being, most of those rigs are shifting from dry gas to liquids-rich basins. And as long as the rigs continue to shift, then we should be able to shift equipment. And while there might be some temporary margin impact, we should be able to get back to some level of normalized margins once the cost blip passes. But right now, I think it's still a little bit too early to tell.
Mark A. McCollum: I guess our planning assumption at this point is it's going to take an increase in demand overall. I mean, I think that, clearly, there are situations where service quality and technology can come to bear, that might help us in pricing. But our planning assumption is that the competition -- our competition is continuing to price very, very aggressively to prop up their share positions. And so we're continuing to battle hard on that front, and that means that it's in our -- it's our responsibility to execute well and to continue to roll out technologies to make sure that we can improve our margins and improve our returns over time, at least for the foreseeable future.
Mark A. McCollum: No. They typically don't have a clause that allows them to consider a lower price. A number of them have clauses that allow them to step away from the contractual arrangement after some period of time, and there are usually some penalties and make-wholes that are associated with that. What we're seeing in a number -- as Dave alluded to, when they begin to shift equipment, there also is a discussion of them shifting the arrangements to continue to work with them as the rigs move to the liquids-rich basins.
Mark A. McCollum: I don't want to set specific expectations on that, but yes, I mean, I think when you do the math, that's generally how it's going to need to work.
Mark A. McCollum: Well, we should run probably in total about $95 million to $105 million per quarter. And we did say in the first quarter, yes, there's going to be $0.02 to $0.03 of -- on an after-tax basis of cost that will be for these corporate initiatives, and that it probably will run in about the $0.02 range for the remainder of the year on an individual quarter. So that's a large part of why the corporate expenses have stepped up on a year-over-year basis.
Timothy J. Probert: This is Tim. Clearly, in the dry gas basins, there has been significantly more pressure than there has in liquids basins. I think that one of the things I tried to sort of outline for you here just on the call is a few of the key technologies, which are giving us an opportunity to extract some pricing realization pretty much across the board from drilling evaluation through to -- Drilling and Evaluation through to Completion. So there's leverage, I think, in North America to do that. That's the technology side. And as Dave and others have alluded to, we're also working hard on the cost efficiency side, investing substantially into an effort to lower our cost of delivery. So I think we've got a couple of tools in our chest here to -- in our war chest here to ensure that we minimize the impact of the transfer from dry gas to liquids basins, and then once there, have the tools to make sure that we get value for what we're delivering.
Timothy J. Probert: There are some pricing opportunities. I think completions would be a bright spot. Obviously, with the introduction of RapidFrac, I would say that. And to use a negative example, obviously, as you move out of some of the deeper, hotter dry gas basins like the Haynesville, where high-temperature, high-pressure tools have been under great demand, there's less demand for those in liquids-rich basins. So there's a couple of pluses and minuses for you.
Timothy J. Probert: Waqar, this is Tim, and I'll use an example to sort of maybe help with that, Latin America, which has got quite a lot of opportunities in the combination of Mexico, Colombia and Argentina. And it seems to us that the opportunity continues to grow. In 2012, it sort of feels to us like there's somewhere between 75 and 100 wells which will be drilled for shale activities in Latin America. And just if we put that in perspective with respect to a Haynesville, for example, which is just sort of about 99 rigs or thereabouts at the moment, I mean, clearly, if you divide that -- or multiply that 99 rigs by 3 or, let's say, 4 to 6 wells per year, we're dealing with a significantly smaller opportunity today. But the opportunity is growing and, as David alluded to, we're in the sort of primarily exploration appraisal phase, low horsepower requirements, primarily vertical, now shifting to horizontal, where horsepower requirements are doubling, as well as an increase in activity. So we think 2012 is a pretty good transition year for unconventionals, and we'll see the most significant uptake in '13 and '14.
Timothy J. Probert: Well, yes, obviously, similar pictures there, too. We're just using Latin America as an example for you, and there are emerging opportunities around the globe. As I alluded to earlier, we’ve had the opportunity to do some basin evaluation work of some 60 basins in detail, and those evaluations are not escaping our customers either. So we're going to see a very positive trend here.
Timothy J. Probert: It's not math that I've necessarily done, Waqar. I don’t know that we could say right now. There clearly is a substantial revenue pop. I mean, the difference normally in a horizontal well in the U.S. that's frac-ed versus a conventional well’s almost 2x. So yes, you think about the entire revenue opportunity, it's going to step up quite dramatically if that becomes the norm outside the U.S. as well.
Timothy J. Probert: Obviously, we're dealing specifically with the liquids-rich basins here just to sort of to -- obviously, dry gas is different. But I think that we can -- based on the reports from our field guys, we're still very heavily booked through Q1, which is pretty much as far as we ever look out. So that, to us, is a good indication.
Timothy J. Probert: I think, as Dave alluded to, we continue to expect to see an increase in rig count. And as you have noted yourself, probably our customer base is striving to balance their dry gas and liquids-rich exposure, and we're seeing a significant shift, if you like, from their dry gas element of their portfolio to the liquids element of their portfolio. So it's not just a function of individual customers stopping activity. It's the transference of activity. And also, we tend to get higher service intensity in liquids-rich basins, which, obviously, is beneficial in terms of the overall revenue picture.
Timothy J. Probert: I think one of the things that we should respond to there is the fact that, particularly with the Q10 pump and some of our other capital investments that Mark mentioned here, the SandCastle's ADP blenders, et cetera, much more efficient set of assets. And the Q10 pump, in particular, is going to be very substantially more efficient than the current fleet. So we just -- we'll not need to put as many assets into the marketplace to cover the same territory.
Timothy J. Probert: We certainly have talked about artificial lift for a long time, specifically ESPs. And Global is an opportunity for us to enter that segment, for us to extract knowledge and continue to build that business. It's a relatively small business today and one which we have a long horizon on to build its capability and expand it into other areas of artificial lift, but pleased to have it under our belt.
