Jeff Miller: Thanks, Lance. Before we close, there are two important themes that I see accelerating in the depths of this downturn. Both will be helpful today, but more importantly, they will create strong competitive advantages for us in the future. First, we are fast-tracking the implementation of our service delivery improvement strategy in North America, as we restructure our overall North America business. We launched the strategy to lower the cost -- the overall cost of service delivery in the U.S. last year, and we will accelerate these efforts in the current market. Next, this downturn accelerates the adoption of digital technologies by our customers and by Halliburton internally. We are far along the road to delivering the next frontier of digital solutions that will help drive efficiencies in our workforce and reduce capital investments through automation and self-learning processes. In this environment, digitalization will unlock the potential to structurally lower costs and enhance performance across the entire value chain. I have never been more convinced that digital is the future and Halliburton is leading the way. With that, let me summarize our discussion today. To the Halliburton team, the path ahead will be challenging, but I have the utmost confidence in our ability to maintain focus and execute on our value proposition in this extremely difficult environment. Our balance sheet and liquidity positions are solid, and we plan to continue taking actions to strengthen them. We know what buttons to push and what levers to pull, and we will do so quickly around cost, CapEx and working capital, and we will continue to proactively adjust our business to current market conditions. We know that the industry will recover. It may look different when it does, but we believe the actions we are taking will ensure that we are in a strong position, financially and structurally, to take advantage of the market’s eventual recovery. And now, let’s open it up for questions. 
Jeff Miller: Well, look -- thank you, Sean. Yes, I've described how we think about the dividend in the prepared remarks. And so, look, we will review the dividend with our Board, we do that quarterly. We have a Board meeting coming up in May and we'll update you on any decisions, when we get to that point.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Look, quite -- it's fixed costs that are coming out. I guess to compare and contrast, we took out $300 million in the fourth quarter of last year. That was largely -- that was fixed cost as we approached the business. I described this cost reduction similarly, because it is not the variable item. So I guess it's overhead and it’s things that are fixed, it’s things that take big steps down when you take them out, you don't necessarily add them back, in contrast to crews and the equipment on location and the supplies and all of the things that go with that. So a lot of that -- a lot of our strategy around North America really had been to accelerate our ability to make those decisions and take costs out quickly. These types of fixed costs, again, it's a layer of management, it's a lot of the discretionary things that we take out that we don't -- that aren't required to add back at any point. 
Jeff Miller: Thanks, James. A fantastic question. And the current environment really accelerates or allows us to really test the art of the possible with respect to how we work and digital is front and center. And I can see, when we embrace that wholeheartedly as opposed to incrementally, we're able to do things quite differently in terms of less people, less footprint, actually working more effectively in my view. But it really does require divorcing the mind of what a lot of us grew up doing to make that step to, wow, this is all possible without you fill in the blank. All of the things we thought were required to actually execute this work. And so, look, this whole period is awful on a lot of different fronts. But I am an optimist and I think we take advantage of an -- time like this and say “Okay, forget everything you thought you knew.” First and foremost, service quality and safety. Everything else, let's go relook at given the robust set of tools that we have. And a lot of these are tools that we've invented at Halliburton or they're built off of our own native cloud platforms. And so from that respect, that makes it very, very sticky as it -- we come out of this. 
Jeff Miller: Actually it is. We've seen a meaningful uptick just in the last 30 days in demand for native cloud services and apps and things that would allow not just working remotely but take the same kind of cost removal that I'm describing, our customers do that when they adopt cloud technology, a lot of what Landmark and our digital organization has been building and has on the shelf. And so it's really -- it's accelerated the demand for that. And obviously necessity is the mother of demand creation in that regard. But quite encouraging to me and actually as I said in my remarks, I'm actually more convinced today than ever that digitalization and the Landmark and then the broader digital platform we have will just serve us better in the future. 
Jeff Miller: Well, I think it could be in the range of half. I mean it is meaningful. But it's not the crews, it's partly crew size, but it's really all of the things that are in between the crew and sort of the overhead of the company. There are a lot of steps that involve designing work and how work gets actually prepared for delivery, the delivery of products and materials. The ability to embrace the automation of all of that is pretty meaningful. I think crew size can come down as well because there are a few things around the crew that are required to deliver all of that input. But I think the more impactful part will be all of the sort of transaction friction between sort of the top of the organization in there. 
Jeff Miller: Yes, Angie, look, I fully expect we see a flight to quality, but at this very moment there's just not a lot of thought going into anything other than reducing capital spend right now. And so in that kind of environment, there isn't much flight because there's not a lot of new things being added. I’m fully confident and our operating capability and the quality of the service we deliver and we maintain that front and center and fully expect the sort of after the industry is able to take a collective breath, we will be extremely well positioned and see the same flight to quality that we've always seen. 
Jeff Miller: Well, we -- look, we think that's an important avenue of growth about those businesses to do that. The early work around trials in a number of countries continues on. It doesn't take much capital to get that going and continue that strategic push into those markets albeit I don't think we'll see the same growth that we had anticipated. It's more a matter of pushing those services or delivering those services through the existing infrastructure that we have. So, to continue that strategic initiative is one that we bought those businesses in order to do that. Obviously, we'd like to see better market for those services as we do this. But it doesn't change the fundamental interest and actually opportunity to continue to do the things required to grow those businesses. It takes many steps to grow those businesses internationally and we don't have to stop those.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I mean, I think we will see most of the U.S. impact in Q2. I mean that's just -- it's moving so quickly that our view on the U.S. is that we see dramatic reduction in Q2, though not able to call a precise number or timing and then likely kind of works off the rest of the year, the -- flattish. The international market reacts a little differently and I just say that because taking a frac holiday is a lot different than taking a deepwater rig holiday. They just happen at different paces. And so, we've got a view of slowing activity internationally. It doesn't necessarily slow at the same pace that we see it, just because they pick a day, it's like we're going to stop on X date, but it's not today. It's at a point in time. And so, I think that unwind is over more than just Q2, albeit the COVID-19 disruption part should get behind us quickly. It's the same operators that are conserving capital in the U.S., in many cases are the operators that will look to conserve capital internationally. NOCs, if we had a grade level of how effective or impactful, NOCs would be less impacted, probably IOCs more so internationally over the balance of the year. But all of that, we'll have better visibility of that as we go through Q2.
Jeff Miller: Look, our playbook doesn't change going into this current environment. By that I mean, returns are front and center, albeit challenged, but we're not chasing market share, don't intend to. I don't think that the dynamics have changed. The things that form our view on our strategy for North America haven't changed, the bigger full cycle type things. And so therefore, we're going to manage our costs. We're going to look at the returns on equipment, the best utilization of equipment, whether that's to stack it or work at. But we don't believe that anyone working below EBIT or EBITDA is not going to be successful in the long-term and we plan to be very successful in the long-term. And so, we haven't changed our view there. Flight to quality may result in more market share at some point, but trust me that is not -- and we don't go-to-market thinking about that. 
Jeff Miller: Chase, look, I think that's the kind of clarity we will likely get as we work through Q2. But we just don't -- with respect to OPEC+, I think overall they will be more resilient than the rest of the market, almost independent of what impact the recent agreements have or don't have on activity. The market never really recovered from ‘16 other than nominally. So if it would be hard to follow the same distance. Though, like I said, I think we'll get that clarity as we work through Q1, I said in the range of 10% simply because it can be plus or minus something around that band.  I think we've got -- we'll have a better sense in North America as we get through Q2. I think we'll have visibility, but without all of the certainty as we get through Q2. Again, just because those are slower developing, the decisions are slower developing internationally to a degree just because they have to and there's too many partners, nations, governments, things involved to move at the same pace that a North America nimble independent operator can move. 
Jeff Miller: Look, I think, they're all behaving in the very near term quite similarly. I think they all have a view and I'm not going to just differentiate between the financial position of the market or the different parts of the market. So I would say that's an incredibly aggressive group of competitors. My clients I'm talking about in North America and they're going to each aggressively act independently. The dialogue with them at least with me has been disappointment over the near term, but all, they bit firmly in their teeth looking ahead to what it looks like on the other side. And the dialogue is always that we're going to need to be super competitive and work with Halliburton when we get to the other side. We've had many discussions about what does a recovery or how do we implement the things we're talking about on the other side. So that's generally been a consistent conversation with all customers. 
Jeff Miller: Yes, we’re seeing less of the direct impact just because the workforce is all U.S. Most of the travel can be done in a car, not on a plane. So most of the supply chain is North America based.  It's a very little that we actually source outside the U.S. and so I think that's the reason more than any other that we don't see the disruption in the U.S. and obviously we see the commodity price impact in the U.S. But internationally, even if it's not a U.S.-based workforce, we have a very globally based workforce with 140 nations that work for Halliburton and most of those international. So that's where we get into some of that supply chain.  Well, people interruption though, let me compliment our international folks and operations. I mean they ramped up very quickly. The interruptions to this point have been very limited and it’s because that group has literally sprung to action to manage. I just can't tell you how many people moves and supply chain moves that they've overcome. 
Jeff Miller: Well I think the COVID interruption part, it gives me a lot of confidence around our ability to find an operating rhythm which our team typically does and does quite well. But I would say that, that does -- the commodity price impact is what we will see as I’ve described earlier, Dave, working through Q2 and what it might mean. Again, I think in the range of 10% which our initial thoughts had been up and now we're talking about down 10% or so in that range. But I think that clarity -- we really don't get that clarity until it settles in.
Jeff Miller: Well, look, I think it accelerates as I have described. I don't think any revenue is accelerating at this very moment, albeit we are seeing a meaningful uptick in new users just over the last 30 days. As I said, in our iEnergy cloud, which has been meaningful, but overall hard to describe revenues up in a meaningful way at least right now. That said, though, the ability to reduce cost by implementing these things is in the here and the now. I mean that is like here and the now this week having an impact. And so I think the ability, for example, on our integrated projects as we -- this accelerates the acceptance by customers and the demand even by our own people to implement those tools that de-man rigs, work remotely, all of those are tools that we've been building over the last several years. We've implemented them or we've talked about them, in the North Sea, with Aker BP and some others who've been quite vocal but we've done it with many others. So it's hard to look at that set of tools today and not ask yourself, “Why am I not using those tools today?” And so I'm really encouraged about the pace we will see.  I think we'll actually see -- its impact will be still over the next few years as that continues to grow, but the existing tools get adopted quite quickly I think in this market. 
Jeff Miller: Yes. Thank you, Gigi. Before we wrap up the call, I'd like to leave you with a few closing comments. First, I thank the Halliburton employees for their dedication to safe, reliable service through these difficult times. I have the utmost confidence in their ability to deliver our value proposition, under any conditions. Second, our balance sheet and liquidity position are solid, and we plan to continue taking actions to strengthen them. We are taking swift actions to address cost, CapEx and working capital, and we'll continue to proactively adjust our business to current market conditions. Finally, we know the industry will recover and believe the actions we are taking will ensure that we are in a strong position, financially and structurally, to take advantage of the markets eventual recovery. Look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Gigi, please close out the call.
Lance Loeffler: And I would add, Sean, that these costs, as you asked about the split between sort of North America and international, I think these are predominantly aimed at North America, but they also include international cost-cutting as well.
Lance Loeffler: Yes, Bill. Thanks for the question. You're right. Historically we have generated cash from working capital during the last three downturns. I would say on the absolute amounts probably a little bit different profile than particularly the 2015 comparison that you were referencing, just given the fact that on an absolute basis our receivables and inventory are at levels that they were coming off of 2014 record level of revenue. So that's a little bit different, but I still expect the relative behavior to be the same. We should continue to see as the business shrinks over the next three quarters that we continue to generate a cash from working capital in the unwind. 
Lance Loeffler: Yes, Angie. As we said sort of on the prepared remarks, our expectation is that we retire the $685 million that comes due next year through the free cash flow generation that we would expect to achieve this year, but roughly a $200 million coming due in February of next year and the remainder in November. And so we think that we've got ample capacity to pay debt down. And the focus philosophically for Jeff and I is to continue to reduce debt at this company and that's what we're going to continue to chase. 
Lance Loeffler: Yes, I think it is a fair way to think about it. And I won't try to pick an exact number in terms of decrementals in this cycle. But what I will tell you is, is that we're taking out cost now to buoy those decrementals, to soften those decrementals throughout the full cycle of this downturn. I mean, that's the purpose, that's what we're aiming toward. That comes in the form of lowering our unit costs and ultimately doing everything that we can to improve our operating leverage. So, yes, I mean I think that the way that you're thinking about it, if you had an assumption around decrementals, the fit -- the overhead and other costs that we announced, the $1 billion, which is an addition to the $300 million that we've already taken out in the fourth quarter and first quarter of this year-- fourth quarter of last year, first quarter of this year --we expect those to be impactful and to soften the decrementals in this downturn.
