Jeff Miller: Thanks, Lance. To sum up, we're charting a fundamentally different course. I believe our execution of the five key strategic priorities will deliver success for Halliburton now and into the future.  Our strong international business is already delivering returns and margin expansion and I expect that will continue in the next upcycle. Our leaner North America business will enable us to successfully navigate through the market contraction and will be more profitable as the market recovers. Halliburton 4.0 is part of everything we do and enables the success of the other strategic priorities. It will grow our current business, create new revenue opportunities and drive better returns. Our lower capital intensity is expected to contribute to strong free cash flow in the future. Our commitment to a sustainable energy future in which reliable and affordable oil and gas continues to play a critical role will help us and our customers lower emissions. Our creation of Halliburton Labs will accelerate the sustainable affordable energy future.  Halliburton's strategic actions boost our earnings power reset and free cash flow generation today and as we power into and win the eventual recovery. And now, let's open it up for questions. 
Jeff Miller: Just broadly, both your questions, 2021 feels better from here. I think the second half of 2020, thinking about that as the bottom, we see progressive improvement in 2021. Separating that a little bit, North America, we're seeing DUC activity now. We'll see DUC activity I suspect into next year. And then, the drilling activity would follow that. But again, if we step back and think about North America, to maintain steady production, whatever the exit rate ends up being, implies the number of wells that need to be drilled. And so, if drilling is below that, then we start to see production drift lower, which then would have a positive impact on commodity price and an impact on – more so on international activity. From an international perspective, again, we see improvement in 2021 from where we are certainly now and we see that strengthening more so in the back half of 2021 or the second half of 2021 because we do work through seasonality and some other things.  But in either case, we see improving activity.
Jeff Miller: Obviously, the earnings reset or the earnings power reset is a critical part of our strategy. So, those cost cuts are permanent. I expect when activity moves up, we'll see margin improvement follow. We'd see D&E margin start moving upwards when we see broader international drilling activity recover. As I've described, how we might see that next year. C&P is going to benefit from stronger completions activity recovery in North America and also internationally. So, I think C&P probably sees recovery more so first. And margins in D&E improves, gets into the double digit range as we see more sustained recovery internationally. So, again, really like where we are strategically. I think our strategy addresses that and would expect to see the margin progression follow along with the activity.
Jeff Miller: James, look, I think we went into the first part of this year very active. In fact, we were seeing a lot of good things happening in Q1 and it tailed off in Q2. So, I don't think the full year of 2021 eclipses 2020. But trajectory I think is really important because that leads to the eventual recovery that I believe happens. And so, I think we get on that pace starting in 2021? Does it overcome 2020 immediately? Not necessarily. But it's going to just be slightly below. I think we're on a pace because of the sort of under investment that we're seeing. And we're seeing it in the US today and we'll see it – we've seen it really internationally. And this is just too important to too many governments, to too many people in the world to see it under invested for that long.
Jeff Miller: Yes, I do. I think what we're seeing, service company consolidations is great for Halliburton. It's happening as we expected it would happen. And our approach to this market, which is a different playbook, we wouldn't be doing it if we weren't convinced that it drives better free cash flow and a more profitable market. And so, there are a lot of things that we're doing that are different that will allow us to make more free cash flow in this type of market. And so, I think all of these things are positive. And I would say whether it's consolidation and attrition and rationalization, all of those things are conspiring to create tightness. But even in spite of not having the tightness today, we're seeing the improving margins and returns. 
Jeff Miller: I think it's what you see when market efficiency start to come into play, in the sense that these larger operations allow for better application of D&A for all. There's just a lot of costs associated with operating all these different companies. And so, I suspect at some level there's the opportunity to better leverage and make more cash flow by bigger operators. I think the value you're seeing, obviously, the stock price is depressed, but nevertheless the outlook, the long-term outlook and the importance of that production is still very relevant. And so, in the discussions, I think that's more of what I hear, is around how to be more efficient. Obviously, this is one way to be more efficient. 
Jeff Miller: I think with the activity in Q1, and offset by Q2, I think, overall, 2021 will be slightly down from 2020 in terms of overall. But, again, that's sort of factoring out Q1 and Q2 offsetting. So, let's take the second half of this year and project that forward. I think it feels better from here and we see sequential recovery.  I think it really comes down to where does production exit in 2021 will drive then how much activity in 2021. So, we can see a path to that in 2021 in terms of the 200 fleet sort of level. Again, it's going to depend on what is the appetite for producing barrels in North America inside of that time frame.  I think from an overall – when I think about the frac fleet, I also think about the health of the frac fleet for all of the market. And I think the pace of attrition is going to weigh on that, which means it could create more tightness sooner, even if we were somewhat below that. 
Jeff Miller: Look, I think that follows the frac activity. So, I would expect we would see rig activity picking up middle of next year, probably middle of 2021 just because that sort of will follow probably the most frac intensity. 
Jeff Miller: I always talked about a lot of what we're doing in D&E in terms of our iCruise cruise technology, what we've done around other service lines in that business, whether it be wireline and even testing. And so, I think that the building blocks are around, A, getting that technology footprint implemented, which we're doing. I've described sort of the uptake that we've seen in that even in the current market. So then, sort of the next step from that is getting any amount of improved activity, which I believe we will see.  And then, in the international markets, the capital over supply is much less. In fact, capital was getting tight in Q1 of this year, and it remains tight. And so, I don't think it's – in fact, I think it's quite realistic to expect to see some pricing improvement, which is another key component of how we step those margins up. 
Jeff Miller: Well, look, I think we're very well positioned for that kind of environment. A, we're in all of the right locations, we've got relationships with all of the customers you're describing. I think that what we're doing with project management and our investment in lift and chemicals, and those sort of things all play to that type of market even more so. And so, I think that's a place where we've been very successful in the past, and I think that that will ultimately be even a more stable market.  I think oil and gas is so important on so many dimensions that I believe that we'll see more investment, even by NOCs as we move forward into certain of these geographies anyway. But from a positioning perspective in the international markets, really like where we are and really like our technology footprint, and particularly for the kind of outlook you describe that informs our strategy actually, key elements of our five strategic pillars. 
Jeff Miller: Look, I think if that's a top line question, I think we've had a history of outgrowing the market over the last several years, so we know how to grow. We're very much focused on driving profitable growth out of that market. And again, that's precisely what our strategy is intended to do. So, I'm certainly comfortable with our ability to outperform the market and from a growth perspective. Equally comfortable with our ability to drive profitable growth. But I think what you'll see us doing is driving those things that drive a capital efficiency. So, whether it's iCruise or it's digital or it's elements of our business that allow us to make more free cash flow out of that growth going forward. Again, like I said, very excited about how that all shapes up and what the team is working on. 
Jeff Miller: Yeah, I'm going to be really clear. We're an oilfield services company. And we believe the world needs a lot of oil and gas for a very long time. And really, to the extent capital is shifted away by certain customers, more capital will be invested by others.  But with that as a backdrop, clearly, Halliburton Labs is exciting for us. Let's be really clear how we're doing that. We are, in effect, exchanging our expertise and access to our labs and business network for an equity investment in early stage companies. So, our intent is not to invest capital dollars into that process today beyond what little support – in fact, not capital dollars. They're engaging in our – in effect, taking advantage of invested capital that we already have that we know we can take better advantage of doing this.  So, we'll have a front row seat in this space. We'll watch it closely. We have a lot of skills that are applicable to helping companies be successful in this space, and we'll learn a whole lot about this over time.  But I want to be clear, oilfield services is where we're spending our capital today. 
Jeff Miller: I think that there will be the different forms of energy, renewable energy, alternative energy, they will all compete for space. And I believe oil and gas is very affordable and very effective. And it will be for a very long time. But that's not to say there won't be competitors in the space. Nuclear has been in the space a long time. And so, what I think from a Halliburton Labs perspective, it's looking at the disruption that happens, of which there will be much. But oil and gas remains very competitive in that kind of environment. So, I won't try to call, does it fizzle, does it make it. What it will have to do over the long term is compete and feel very good about oil and gas as a competitor. 
Jeff Miller: Thank you, Shannon. Before we wrap up today's call, I would like to leave you with a few closing comments. Our third quarter performance demonstrates tangible results of Halliburton's execution from our five strategic priorities and the early impact of our earnings power reset. Our strong international business is already delivering returns and margin expansion and I expect it will continue in the next up cycle.  Our leaner North America strategy will enable us to both navigate through the current market conditions and be more profitable as the market recovers.  Finally, our strategic actions boost our earnings power reset and free cash flow generation today and as we power into and win the eventual recovery.  I look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Shannon, please close out the call. 
Lance Loeffler: I agree with a lot of the commentary in the questions, meaning that, yes, working capital will be less of a tailwind for our free cash flow next year, but that's replaced by healthier operating profit led by increased activity in the markets that you heard Jeff describe, also a full year benefit of the cost cutting activity that we've been through this year rippling through our operating margins. And so, it'll be much more of an operating-led free cash flow draw and in relationship to the capital intensity that we've talked about, as opposed to working capital unwind next year. 
Lance Loeffler: Well, I think, one, Chase, on your question about completion tools, I think we were clear even in the guidance language that completion tools will be more muted than they have been in recent fourth quarter just given the size of the market and level of activity.  In terms of the guide, I think you have a lots of puts and takes. We have an improving North America structure. But we also have, again, the sort of the muted impact of completion tools that have traditionally led to accretive margins impact in the fourth quarter. 
Lance Loeffler: Kurt, this is Lance. Look, I think everything that we've done around sort of the structural cost cutting exercise that we've been through this year in major form will also continue on the edges as we move forward. But it was all built to reset our cost structure in order to drive better incrementals going forward.  Now, look, clearly, activity helps on a lower fixed cost base. You'll see improvement, so I expect that just activity alone will help bolster or incrementals. But, clearly, if you add pricing on top of that, they are supercharged. I think a lot of what this management team on is looking to deliver outside incrementals even in this market in a recovery versus a historical. 
