David Lesar: Thanks, Tim. Just to summarize the call, going forward, I feel even more confident about the prospects of our North America business in 2011 and beyond. We believe there is room for upside in both revenue and margins, as we respond to the continued increases in service intensity. And while our Eastern Hemisphere margins were adversely impacted in the first quarter, we expect recovery in the second quarter, and as activity accelerates in the second half of the year, expect margins to return to 2010 levels. And finally, we are gaining momentum in targeted growth areas, as evidenced by us winning several large key contracts. So with that, let's open it up for questions, and we'll go from there.
David Lesar: Well, I think, you got to look at it sort of two ways. One, I think, we clearly see the volume increases coming at us because of the activity increases, and that will absorb the overcapacity out there. And I really wouldn't say that there's pockets on a geographic basis of sort of price competition. I would just say on any large tender today, there's plenty of competition, and significant price concessions being given. That tends, in my experience, to go away, as capacity gets absorbed and people start to focus more on margins and returns and less on getting the original contract in hand. And I think, right now, we're still in sort of the competitive phase of this, but we see sufficient volume coming at the end of this year and into next year that hopefully will absorb that capacity.
David Lesar: No, I think rig count is probably the best surrogate, especially, if it's a deepwater offshore rig, and then you sort of apply your service intensity multiple to that. And I think you can make a pretty good estimate of how fast industry -- spare industry capacity in oil services can get soaked up.
David Lesar: Yes, I think, Ole. That's why we indicated we were confident that margins will start to increase next quarter and head back to where they were last year. And then you've got to factor in sort of where the pricing competition evolved the balance of the year. So as Mark said, I don't think it's a perfect calculation as you laid it out, but the trend would certainly be towards swinging it back to last year's margins, if not a little higher.
David Lesar: Yes. I think that if you look at -- if you had in sort of a brownfield drilling site, you have your infrastructure in place, and you probably are not as likely to have been delayed. And we didn't see delays for, instance, in a lot of our work-over activities that we were doing for various companies. But when you go to more of the greenfield opportunities, one of the things our customers are experiencing is preparing pad sites, and typically, that is out of scope of our contract. And when they're developing the roads too and these drilling sites, what they're finding is lots of unexploded ordinance, resulting from the Iraq-Iran war, and various wars that have been in there, and it's taking them substantially longer to get these drilling sites ready for us to mobilize, too. And so I think -- I would think of it more in terms of its brownfield versus greenfield. It's the greenfield projects that are tending to get pushed back a bit because of these site development issues.
David Lesar: I think in terms of the overall estimates or overall capacity coming to market, our estimates haven't really changed. I think, we still think that probably in the 3 million, 3.5 million-horsepower is probably what's coming into the market this year.
Timothy Probert: Dave, this is Tim. I think a couple of points there. I mean, clearly, D&E was impacted quite significantly by the unrest in North Africa, important market for us. And as you know, we've been gearing up quite significantly in Iraq for our drilling packages there also. And the sort of delays that Dave referred to on the call, with respect to the start-up of those projects because of delays in clearing sites and getting the civils completed, were also quite impactful to us too. So I think, number one, obviously, then is the restoration of some of those activities around getting back to normality for some of those projects. Clearly, we're going to see a significant improvement in Saudi in the coming couple of quarters. We're going to see a significant impact to the Saudi activity offshore. Manifa is a significant project for us. And as you well know, the service intensity in Saudi in their offshore and onshore projects is quite high. So the combination of that, plus the mobilization for a number of the project wins, which we have made, I think, are all a contributing factors towards getting back onto a stronger trajectory for D&E margins in the second half of the year.
Timothy Probert: Yes, most definitely. I think as exploration activities starts -- and we're, clearly, going to see a significant increase in exploration during the front end of this cycle. That's always very helpful to D&E margins.
Timothy Probert: I think in general, I would say that there is an increasing confidence. Psychology of the market, as you well know, is really important. And this does create a sense of confidence in terms of the underlying commodity price. So I would say, just generally, yes, there is a stronger sense of wanting to move ahead confidently. However, we also have to say that I don't think it's actually been seen yet in terms of actually increasing overall activity or putting incremental rigs to work. But in general, to answer the first part of your question, clearly, we're pretty enthusiastic about offshore activity, in general, in the second half of this year.
Timothy Probert: Yes. I think, just a quick comment on pressure pumping, first. We, during the course of the quarter utilization levels, actually, surpassed those at 2008, which I think is another interesting data point for you. But to answer your question fully, I think we're seeing it across-the-board, whether or not it's pressure pumping, drilling and evaluation or completions activity or others for that matter. It's an across-the-board phenomenon. And I think as I've referred to in my kind of prepared comments, this sort of concept of integration is something that is working very positively for us. We believe it is a differentiator for us, and it gives us the ability to provide a platform in which we can essentially bring everything along in that portfolio at a fairly sort of even level, and benefit all elements of the company equally.
Timothy Probert: I think that, clearly, as Dave referred to, we're seeing a significant shift in the way in which the industry is evolving towards both the oily and liquids-rich activity. And there are significant differences in terms of the way in which we complete those wells relative to dry gas wells. And so what you're seeing is an increased degree of complexity, and frankly, an underlying commodity price, which allows you to drill longer laterals, more stages and complex completions than we've seen here too. And that's driving the service intensity change of sort of 1.4 to 1.8 relative to dry gas that Dave referenced in his call.
Timothy Probert: Ole, I think that argument would presuppose that all equipment is created equal for all applications, and that's really not the case. What we use, how we use it, and essentially, the orientation of businesses in North America tend to be quite different than in the international market. As you know, in the international markets, they tend to be much more Drilling-and-Evaluation-led. The North America markets tend to be more production-and-completion-led. And so I think that's probably one of the underlying reasons why you don't see the sort of complete freedom of movement of assets around the globe, because they're not always completely suitable in those applications.
Timothy Probert: As a closing comment, in general, the international markets tend to use a higher service intensity in international markets, even on land rigs, intensity much higher. Use Saudi as an example, Kuwait as an example. It's much more comparable, in terms of the delivery with something that we might utilize in the Gulf of Mexico than it is onshore in U.S.
Timothy Probert: Well, first of all, just on Manifa, obviously, Manifa will be a benefit. But bear in mind, that those rigs will come in sort of rapidly over the balance of this year. So we will not see a significant one-time impact of that. It will change as we go through the course of the year. You mentioned Latin America. Clearly, Brazil continues to be a positive growth environment for us. Argentina, we've referenced a couple of times, particularly, as it relates to unconventionals and the growing benefits there, particularly, as our customers derive benefit from, of course [ph], new gas pricing which is providing them some confidence to do additional work and invest incrementally. Andean countries, in particular, also, are showing some positive signs. Mexico, the brightest spot there, I think, revolves around two things for us. Number one is the southern development of the Eagle Ford, both in terms of the dry gas leg and also, the oily leg for PEMEX in Northern Mexico, which is clearly a positive for them and us. And the very good progress that we're making with our Remolino lab in Chicontepec, which if you'll recall is, PEMEX's focus on, really, adding a greater degree of G&G capability and underlying science to the development of that reservoir.
Timothy Probert: Well, clearly, labor, yes, that most definitely is tight. That is a significant component of all of our -- in fact, the largest single component of our cost structure. And clearly, all elements of inflation are kicking in for whatever they maybe, whether they're on proppants, whether they're on transportation, you name it. There's. . .
Timothy Probert: Inflationary pressures are there across-the-board, and we're working had to make sure that we contain them. And as Mark said, in terms of making sure that we're a fit into delivery of services and also recovering those inflationary factors through price increases.
Timothy Probert: Yes. I think we're looking at the, obviously, going forward here, Kurt. I think, clearly, the first quarter has been a very challenging quarter. And I don't think that we would expect at this stage to sort of get that one to make up. So I think you're looking at it correctly by looking forward.
Timothy Probert: Essentially, we could contract most of our capacity, probably about any terms we wanted to dictate at this point in time. But typically, we are keeping that relatively short. We are not doing essentially, fixed price contracts, we're doing performance-based contracts, which -- and our customers to reach certain levels of productivity, or we have the right to move that spread on to someone else. And we think that's the best way in this. Basically, there's market that doesn't have enough capacity to handle everything that's there. So we're trying to preserve our ability to be opportunistic, but make sure that as every piece of equipment comes out of the manufacturing plant we have, that it has a home to go to on day one.
Timothy Probert: Jim, this is Tim. I would say, in general, yes, I think things are more competitive today than we've seen them in the last couple of years, certainly. I mean, typically, when we think about pricing, and when you think about tightening pricing, you really think about changing trajectory of the market. And I think we would agree that we haven't seen a significant trajectory change in the market. I think, what we're starting to see now are some significant signs of trajectory change. Our IOC customers and independent customers are getting more confident about their spend. And in particular, the NOC customers -- and you see that, obviously, Saudi Aramco would be a good example, KOC [Kuwait Oil Company] is another example. And also in the UAE, we're starting to see some significant changes in terms of NOC spending patterns. They don't always typically follow the natural progression of the commodity prices. But as they kick in, you're going to see a change in trajectory of the market. We're going to therefore, see a tightening of supply. And I think, that to Dave's point, as we get towards the end of this year and into 2012, we will see more stability in the pricing markets.
Timothy Probert: No, I think, we're very much driving towards incentive-based contacts. I think they provide good value for us. And I think that we have invested, as -- you know, Brad, quite a bit over the course of the last couple of years, in really developing efficient workflows, which can stitch together all the key elements of our operation, the key to our customers value proposition. They're not interested in just a collection of services at the well site, they want to see real value. And I think that we're delivering that value proposition, and it's making it a much easier sell for us to engage them in discussions around incentive contracting. And so I do expect that to continue over the course of the next year or two.
Timothy Probert: Yes, I think today, we're very much focused on time-based efficiencies, I would call them, both -- primarily in the well-construction phase. But I definitely think that over time, we have the potential to evolve those to production-based efficiencies too.
Mark McCollum: Stephen, on the CapEx side, I think, we're still on our plan. You should expect, I think, 2011 CapEx to be, probably, close to about $3 billion. That's sort of where we've been aiming. Again, most of that CapEx, or at least a higher majority of it will be North America, as we're rolling out our pressure-pumping capacity. This year, we have got a number of infrastructure projects going on around the world as well that will be influencing that number. In terms of capacity rollout, we're on schedule. I mean, I think that you saw a little bit of that influencing our March results and why they came in so strong. And we continue to see that CapEx rolling out systematically as the year progresses. It's contracted. We know where it's going to go and work, and we're staying the course, as we speak. Your second question, I think that -- our general view because that capacity is, basically, being fully absorbed, we saw in the quarter continued increase in service intensity, we saw increases in the amount of horsepower required per job, and we saw an increase in the amount of 24 hour operations that tells you that the environment is still right to continue to move pricing. And so we are continuing to do that, particularly, with regard to making sure that we're more than covering cost inflation that's also pushing against us. And so we still believe that we can continue to move margins forward as the year progresses in North America.
Mark McCollum: Ole, none of it was domestic. It was all international. As I said, we had a slight disruption to our U.S. operations due to weather, mainly in the Rockies, the Mid-Con and the Bakken that caused a slight decrease to the margins and revenue stream with respect to Q1. But the amounts we highlighted were totally Eastern Hemisphere.
Mark McCollum: I don't know. I haven't said here we're trying to do the math, but I don't know that they would work out that perfectly. I mean, clearly, there's a pricing impact that's continued to impact margins overall. As Dave indicated, pricing continues to be fairly competitive. And as contracts start, we're still having the influence of that -- of the negative pricing over the last year or so that's still creeping into the margins. So I don't think it will work out that perfect. But clearly, some of these things have an impact on margins, strictly, because of your fixed cost level that you had to incur to maintain operations even if the weather shuts things down.
Mark McCollum: Of course, the other thing I'd like to say, Ole, is we were hurt, clearly, by the issues in North Africa. We can't get those assets out of Libya right now, that's part of the issue. So you've got assets that are sitting there that no service company can actually get access to.
Mark McCollum: I appreciate that. But I think that you should pick up from our comments that we do remain confident that we think that the incrementals will continue to be good, that it will continue to increase. We feel we've kind of hit the bottom on the Gulf of Mexico, obviously, with the increased permits, while it takes some time, we still expect that as the year progresses, the Gulf of Mexico will start getting back to work, and that comes at a nice consistent margin that historically has been quite good. So that will add to the mix, favorably. And then when we look at our margins, particularly, in March, where you had a month that was not influenced by weather, with stronger activity and the rig count, it just says we do expect a bump in our margins in Q2. And as we look out across the year, there's no reason in our view today to expect that, that will not continue to sort of move up as the year progresses. Now it's not going to be at the same pace as we have last year, that's certainly the case, but there is incremental opportunity if you continue to improve our margins. And of course, the second thing, part of the strategic initiatives that we're working on, that we highlighted at our Analyst Day last year, is continuing to work hard on addressing our cost structure as well, so that we can continue to be the lowest cost service provider out there.
Mark McCollum: Again, I don't think that we want to give specific guidance as to what we think will be happening. We do -- as we said several times, we think activity is coming. We've seen that. We've seen our customers’ budgets as you have, increased significantly. We see a significant number of offshore rigs coming into the market. So areas like the North Sea, West Africa, we expect, as the year progresses, will begin to pick up. Tim mentioned Brazil just a second ago. I think that the issue that we're seeing right now, and part of the reason why you see the impact of just sort of year-over-year flat revenues, flat top line growth is the impact of pricing. That pricing has remained competitive, and that influence continues to mask some of the other activity-related increases that we've experienced, and we believe would be coming. And so we think that, as Dave mentioned, activity is coming and it's going to pick up as the year progresses. And that will have a pull activity-led, sort of margin pull for us in the early part of the year. And we're hopeful that as capacity utilization increases, that the market sentiment will change, that will allow us to begin to think differently about pricing, as we tender for contracts later in the year between us and our competitors, which will probably have more of an influence in 2012. But hopefully, we'll get some of that in late part of this year.
