Lance Loeffler: Thank you, Jeff. I'll start with the summary of our fourth quarter results compared to the third quarter of 2018. Total company revenue for the quarter was $5.9 billion and operating income was $608 million representing a sequential decrease of 4% and 15% respectively. In our Completion and Production division revenue was $3.8 billion, a decrease of 8%, while operating income was $496 million, a decrease of 19%. These declines were primarily driven by lower activity and pricing for stimulation services in North America, partially offset by stimulation activity increases in Argentina and year-end completion tool sales internationally. In our Drilling and Evaluation division, revenue was $2.1 billion, an increase of 5%, while operating income was $185 million, an increase of 2%. These increases were primarily due to year-end software sales, increased fluids activity in the Gulf of Mexico, and improved project management activity in Latin America. These improvements were partially offset by reduced activity for drilling services in the Western Hemisphere. In North America, revenue decrease by 11%, primarily driven by lower activity and pricing in stimulation services, partially offset by higher fluids activity in the Gulf of Mexico. Latin America revenue grew 16%, driven primarily by year-end software and completion tool sales and higher stimulation activity across the region, coupled with improved activity across multiple product service lines in Mexico. Europe/Africa/CIS revenue remained relatively flat, primarily driven by seasonal declines in pipeline services across the region, coupled with decreased activity across multiple product service lines in the North Sea. These results were partially offset by year-end completion tool sales in Ghana and Nigeria. Middle East/Asia revenue increased 8%, largely resulting from year-end completion tool sales in the Middle East, coupled with higher project management activity throughout the region. In the fourth quarter, our corporate and other expense totaled $73 million, which is in line with our previous guidance. We expect corporate expense in the first quarter of 2019 to be approximately $65 million. Net interest expense for the quarter was $137 million and we expect it to remain approximately the same for the first quarter of 2019. During the fourth quarter, we recognized the impact of a strategic change in the company's corporate structure, which resulted in a net tax benefit of $306 million, or $0.35 per diluted share. Our effective tax rate for the fourth quarter was approximately 21%, excluding the tax benefit I just discussed. We estimate our 2019 full year and first quarter effective tax rate to be approximately 24%, based on the market environment and our expected geographic earnings mix. We generated approximately $850 million of cash from operations during the quarter, ending the year with a total cash balance of $2 billion. Capital expenditures during the quarter were approximately $550 million, with our 2018 full year CapEx totaling approximately $2 billion. For 2019, we intend to reduce our capital expenditures by around 20% to $1.6 billion. This spend will be focused on key technologies and capabilities that deliver differentiation and drive returns, such as our new directional drilling platform and our production business expansion. We remain committed to generating strong cash flow by using cost levers, managing working capital and remaining flexible in our CapEx spend, focusing on strong return generating opportunities. And we will use excess cash prudently for strategic investments that meet our returns thresholds for reducing debt and for returning cash to our shareholders. Turning now to our near-term operational outlook, market dynamics continue to make forecasting a challenge. But let me provide you with some comments on how we believe the first quarter is shaping up. As is typical, our international results will be subject to weather-related seasonality and the roll-off of higher margin year-end software and product sales. North American results will be impacted by near-term headwinds that Jeff described earlier. We will continue to pull the levers that enable us to keep generating positive cash flow for our businesses. As such, in our Completion and Production division, we expect sequential revenue to decline mid- to high-single-digits, with margins decreasing 300 to 400 basis points. For our drilling and evaluation division, we anticipate sequential revenue will experience a decline in the mid- to high-single-digits, largely in line with prior year declines, with our margins declining by 100 to 150 basis points. Now, I'll turn the call back over to Jeff.
Lance Loeffler: Yeah, I would just add, James, that just to remind everybody, this is the first time ever I think that we generated over $1 billion of free cash flow in back to back years. And our expectation is that that will continue, right? That will be with the focus on managing cost, improving our working capital and being disciplined around our CapEx spend.
Lance Loeffler: Well, I think, I'm focused on sort of CapEx for this year, I think, really the overweight spend in our CapEx going forward is clearly focused on Sperry business line as we continue to retool and re-kit with a new technology. I think as you might expect, some of the spend in our pressure pumping business would be more in line with DD&A. So I think, as we look out for the reminder of the year, we believe the range of $1.6 billion is the appropriate level of CapEx given the strategic investment that we're making in the level of activity that we expect at this point.
Lance Loeffler: Well, yeah, I mean, I hesitate, to - I mean, I think, what we described around 20% in my commentary, again we believe that based on our outlook right now for the year $1.6 billion is appropriate. But I think it's pretty obvious from the rest of our commentary that we are willing to flex down, if need be, if it doesn't play out the way that we think it will with the catalysts that Jeff described. So I think there is flexibility in the CapEx budget just as needed.
Lance Loeffler: Yeah. I mean, I think, largely the guidance that we gave was a focus on the North America impact of the pricing that Jeff discussed, right, on the top-line and on the bottom-line in terms of margins.
Lance Loeffler: Yeah. And we've said that in the past, right. I mean, I think C&P has been a pretty good proxy for North America.
Lance Loeffler: And it's a lot - that's D&E related as it relates to our international business and the technology overhaul that we're making there and making sure that once that technology is really invested in, in terms of the inventory of tools and the fleet that we have for our directional drilling business. So it's overweight with the focus on Sperry today.
Lance Loeffler: Yeah, I don't - we tend to stay away from the term maintenance, when it comes to our CapEx. It's really all growth related. But I would say that from a financial perspective, sort of in relation to our depreciation and amortization for the year, it's sort of - $1.6 billion is sort in the sustaining level, meaning it's matching what's rolling off.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, thanks, James, broad question, but an important one. And we manage our business. And that's one of the things that's informing our view of capital and capital returns, I talked about returns. Just don't discount the technology involved in our business, in what we do, which differentiates Halliburton. But I think that the - our focus on returns, so that means managing capital spend and also the willingness to stack equipment that is not making a return, it is critical. So that way we do that actually, we do make those returns. And it allows us to flex both down to the market where we see it. But also the differentiation is we take a very long view of this business. We're - we will differentiate. And we're all around the business of how to make more barrels with existing wells. So I think all of that plays together over time. But we're going to make returns along the way.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, I mean, rather than a target, I mean, our view is we're going to generate solid free cash flow in any market. And I think the market that we see shaping up is one where we can generate solid, quite a bit of free cash flow.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, Jud, look, I think those two are separating more and more in terms of what activity is being done. We've got pretty good visibility through the quarter and that's why I'm able to see why I do see modest increase in the amount of completion activity over that period of time. The drilling services may slow a bit. And I think that the pivot would be more to completions. But I also - we look ahead or beyond that, and we see those catalysts unfolding out into the future. But that's why I describe it as modestly up. When we look at our calendar, it looks modestly up through the first quarter, certainly relative to Q4. So we said it would be bottom in Q4 and we see an activity pick up here.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, so, I mean, what you're seeing there reflected is the - we won a number of contracts around the world, particularly in D&E, that's where some of that growth comes from. And as I've described, sort of throughout all of 2018, a fairly tough pricing environment out there. And our view is that we optimize those contracts over time and we will. We'll get to work on them and we'll mobilize on to rigs. But there will be some work to do to get through that. Now, overall, our business improves as we work through the year as we progress. But there is just optimization that needs to happen around the world.
Jeff Miller: Well, the Q1 [is - I think we] [ph] described it well, I mean, and as I described Q4, we saw activity down, but when we saw the pressure on the commodity price along with budget time that created quite a bit of price pressure that manifests itself through Q1. Now I also described what I see as the catalyst later in the year that I think create more customer urgency and from a price standpoint start to resolve that. And I would be surprised, if you didn't expect we can see those things unfolding feel pretty good about them as we work through the balance of the year. Now that said, I think, I was clear in terms of what our behavior would be if we don't see that, which is equipment that to the extent it is not making a return, it would get stacked.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. So we typically will see margins bottom the quarter after we see activity bottom, and that's not unusual that's kind of what we're seeing happened in Q1 right now. What I see on the - as I look through the balance of the year, if we think about the DUC count that's out there and that it needs to get converted into cash flow by customers. Pipes alleviate as we work through the year in the Permian Basin. No question about that. Supportive price environment, commodity price environment, which we do see shaping up at this point, and so that will be very helpful. And so that combination of things gives me a lot of confidence that as we work through the year, we should see better performance both from activity standpoint and also a customer urgency standpoint.
Jeff Miller: Well, this business is always competitive. So that's nothing new for us when we look at the marketplace. And when I think about our business that's why we focus very much so on our value proposition which delivers great service quality, obviously, we've got a fantastic business development organization. So we see things and we are engaging with our customers and solving their problems. And then finally, technology. In the technology piece, there is a chunk of that, that happens around surface efficiency, which we talk a lot about, and then more and more we talk about how we make more barrels out of each well. And clearly, we're differentiated along all of those continuums, and I think as we look that 2019, 2020 and beyond at this fantastic resource that shale, our contribution and what we do around not just modeling, but frac treatment and all that we can do to make more barrels will be progressively more important and differentiating.
Jeff Miller: Look, I think there is a lot of run in North America and there's a lot of earnings power in North America. It's a huge resource, and I'm not going to try to put a date on 20%, but what I will describe is, we sort of look at points in time, 2014, we are right around there; 2018 in 3Q, we've got around there - 2Q, and then as we - those conditions are there certainly to have better earnings power. I expect the things that we're doing now around technology and discipline and execution drive that. Then I also - I mean, I pivot back to the technology and the value of that resource and how many ways there are to make a lot of earnings. So if we're investing in drilling and we're investing in production today, those are important areas of growth, but that our R&D spend is very much focused on making more barrels in unconventionals.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. These aren't different from other IDS contracts. And in terms of which rigs we'll use, we'll use the rigs that are best positioned in most competitive to do the work. So but the contracts I'm describing are fairly consistent with lump sum turnkey type activity where obviously there are exceptions around risks and other things that we manage. But they are not widely different. They are an important part of our business and I'm described that's a muscle that's well developed for Halliburton. But at the same time, there are many points along the continuum between lump sum turnkey and discrete services, and we're participating in all of those today in a number of different markets.
Jeff Miller: No. And - I think the - when I look at - we step back and look at the kinds of investments that we're making and what we are able to do for clients to generate value, it generates value for us, I would say there's a lot more focus today on technology that generates value for us. When I talk about technology that's the kind of thing we're investing in, it either lowers our cost or makes us more productive and generates a better return. And…
Jeff Miller: No, it's not a change. But I think it is probably more prescriptive in terms of how we're doing that. And look, I think that the contribution of what we do is just that important to making this work and I think that we will generate better and better returns as we work forward.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, when I think - I look to our business development organization to be way out in front of that in terms of our ability to respond, I think we do respond quickly to that. I think our response in Q4 was pretty quick to that. And as I look ahead, that alignment is critical. And I also think the types of investments that we make that allow us to be more flexible around scaling up and scaling down, and more variable around that make us even more effective at that.
Jeff Miller: Look, if we look at Q4, we had a lot of equipment moving around in Q4, some sidelined for a variety of reasons. But, in fact, that is a response. We had customers that we wanted to finish out the work with for the year. And as we go into 2019, I think we've got that same ability. As I said, we're prepared to stack equipment when it doesn't meet economic thresholds.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, and I think a lot of that startup around, a lot of contracts that were won in 2018 as I talked about, we were winning things at the bottom of the cycle. We know we can optimize those. But that's - it starts with price and optimization. Some of those were mobilizing too. We're winning - we won - we don't talk about all of them, but we won contracts in almost every geography of substantive size throughout the last year. What's probably more encouraging to me as I look around the marketplace and we see anecdotes, they're anecdotes today, but where we see acute tightness and we're able to move quite a bit on price. Now, that doesn't resolve over a quarter or a couple of quarters. But it is indicative of the kind of tightness that we would expect to see as a recovery unfolds and we start to see growth into 2019 and beyond.
Jeff Miller: Look, it's $50; $50, $55 in my view is a supportive commodity price for activity, both internationally and in the U.S. And so, I'm encouraged as I see the catalysts come together throughout the year, I think that will have a solid upward direction on our entire business. And then, also at the same time, I expect we'll outperform whatever that is.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, look, I think the - there is a lot of moving parts. At this point in time, I'm excited about those countries that are recovering and those geographies that are recovering. It will take some time to work through kind of the wall of new contracts that were picked up through 2018 and that will unfold in 2019. I'm not going to give you a date on when we think that works out. I just know that we're working that all the time and I'm really encouraged. And again, that's part of what drives the investment in drilling tools that I'm talking about and then also the opportunities that we see to drive better returns and better margins on some of these contracts won. But that does take time.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, look, I mean, Kurt, our approach to excess cash deployment hasn't changed, right? We're focused on returning capital to shareholders. We also noted that we want to work, continue to reduce our debt levels. And then, obviously, if there are opportunities out there from an M&A perspective that meet our returns thresholds, we will do that. But it's all going to still be through the lens of returns. And so, we may be opportunistic when it comes to share buybacks that we're - we've got a track record at least over the course of last year where we were able to do all three and we expect to continue to do that moving forward.
