David Lesar: Thank you, Jeff and let me sum things up. We are prepared for the North American upcycle. Our approach to the market remains unchanged. The North American market is turning. It will recovery the fastest and Halliburton will be the biggest beneficiary. In the next North America rig cycle, 900 is the new 2,000. The international markets will follow and we are maintaining our integrated global services footprint, managing costs and continuing to gain share. We are working hard at reducing structural costs. We expect to achieve a billion dollars lower run rate going in to 2017. We remain laser focused on consistent execution, generating superior financial performance, and providing industry leading shareholder returns. And finally, we expect that the second quarter will be the trough of our earnings and we are confident that Halliburton will be best position to outperform in the recovery phase of the cycle.  Now before we open it up for questions, I would like to thank Christian Garcia for his outstanding work over his 20 years at Halliburton, and particularly his work as interim CFO during the past 18 months. I very much wish him well in the future.  Now, let's open it up for questions. 
David Lesar: Good question, Dave. I think the conversations go like this. Hey, we've finally driven service prices down to where we can breakeven, sort of a plus 40. My response to that is yeah, for right now, but you're not going to have any service industry to take care of you if you think that's where pricing is going to stay. And then you get into sort of a to and fro about what is sustainable. And you know Jeff hit on some of them. Rig efficiency is sustainable. That speed that we can drill out laterals is sustainable. The bigger jobs and higher production is sustainable. But that doesn't come without a cost.  And so as I said, these are a great set of customers. They know in their heart of hearts that service prices have to go up. They're going to fight that impact of prices coming up as fast and as long as they can, but the reality is they know they need a viable service industry to be successful in the long run. So it'll be give and take and my guess is as we listen to the calls over the next few quarters is, the operators will say they've got them locked in and the service companies are going to say we've got to have price increases and we'll end up in the middle somewhere like we always do. 
David Lesar: Yeah, I think -- Let me take that one because I think -- again, we're not going to go down any pricing path today. We have a pricing strategy that we're going to follow. We're not going to share it with anybody. It’ll be sort of a discussion customer by customer, but I would say one thing is necessary. Don't fall into the trap is not all pumping equipment is the same. There are pumping companies out there that have zero utilization today because they can't find a customer or they’re in the wrong basin or their equipment is not qualified to basically set a pump to formation where they are.  So I think that there is a bifurcation, trifurcation, whatever you want to call it, amongst the pressure pumping companies. And I think a lot of people like to lump everybody together and sort of talk about averages. But I really think it's important to sort of segregate the market into the various basins, the various customers that are drilling, the types of formations that are being drilled, the kinds of completions that are getting done, before you start to get a more granular view of sort of what is really going on out there. And I think that's a view we have and I think there's a strategic advantage that we have. But I think it's important to sort of stay away from averages because I think you can actually draw the wrong conclusions about sort of the health of the industry. 
David Lesar: Look, I think the Middle East has demonstrated the most resilience and I think that when we think about our business, we tend to think more mature fields, unconventionals, and Deepwater. And so from a mature field standpoint, setting aside the Middle East, I think Asia probably has sort of the next chunk of runway and we're very well positioned there I'd say in all of our service lines. 
Jeffrey Miller: Let me go, maybe start with how we get to the 900 as the new 2,000 and then address your question along the way. So going into the downturn, equilibrium was about 2,000 rigs and 600 frac crews in the US. So a little more than 3 rigs kept every frac crew busy. Really 3 factors at play here. So first drilling efficiency and then completions, intensity and attrition. So from a drilling efficiency standpoint, rigs have gotten almost 30% faster meaning more wells per rig per year. So that new ratio is closer to 2 to 2.5 rigs for every crew.  Second is around completions intensity and the jobs have gotten twice as big, meaning more horsepower per crew almost 20% more, meaning that the same horsepower that made up 600 crews now only make up 500. And so then we get to the attrition part of that and there are estimates that range from 3 to 7 million horsepower that have left the market. We think it's about 4. We see that because we're out in the market every day looking at horsepower. But the fact is there's more horsepower that it trips every day just given the type of intensity. So I think the important point is that you know the market can tighten maybe faster than you think. 
Jeffrey Miller: Scott, certainly our view and that is the way why we kept our equipment the way we have, we segregated it with the end -- I described it is we stacked equipment with the end in mind so it doesn't take capital to do that. But I do believe that equipment that has not been maintained and has been cannibalized can be very difficult to get that economically back into the marketplace. 
Jeffrey Miller: Thank you James. Yeah, you nailed it. The pinch points will be equipment, sand and people. We spent time on equipment, but clearly the approach we've taken around equipment is to be best positioned to get that equipment back into the marketplace. So we’ve talked about that. From a sand standpoint, it's not the sand as much as it is the logistics and in our view we're very well positioned around that, having built out our infrastructure over the last several years. We've got sand delivery in every basin and we've got sufficient rail infrastructure to address the logistics part of that.  And then finally around people, we've been careful as we've gone through these restructurings to do our very best anyway to retain experienced people and we have those today. Then don't forget it was just in 2014, we put 21,000 people on to the payroll and so we know how to do that and we know how to make those people effective. So we feel like Halliburton is well positioned.
Jeffrey Miller: Yes I do. It’s part of the flight to quality. As I described our value proposition, it's our process people and equipment and a big part of that is the reliability of Halliburton to stay and we have stayed in all of the key markets.
Jeffrey Miller: I think we see the state -- take the pricing first. That will follow utilization. So as we've described it in the past, we’d expect to see utilization begin to tighten and at which point you start to see pass-throughs of things and opportunities to improve margins that aren’t necessarily price. The real pricing leverage we actually didn't see in the last cycle. We were getting to that in late ’14, just about the time things slowed down. So a lot of the value creation we're able to accomplish with our platform that’s efficient and putting the utilization to it. I think the rest of that was the look forward around margin progression.  Look, I would expect very able to accomplish what we did last time, except probably do better given the fact that we've done some of the heavy lifting around structural cost. So very encouraged about how things would look in the future. 
Jeffrey Miller: Yeah. So typically international business will trail US behavior by 6 to 9 months and it’s historically done that. I don't expect that it's any different. So that means that it is still an absolute brawl in the Eastern Hemisphere. The things that mute that a little bit are the length of the contract terms, which causes it to respond more slowly. And then so from a, in my view margin resilience is really reflecting better visibility that we have because of the longer timeframe and our team, the Alberta team just absolutely executing on all points. 
Jeffrey Miller: Yeah. We saw it was higher in June, so the exit rates were higher than so the quarter average, which is reflective of a couple of things, which is modest amount of rig activity, but also we see ducts being worked off. And I wouldn't describe ducks as the bow wave, but they are in the mix and because we're in the market the way we are, we're a beneficiary of that. 
Jeffrey Miller: We've always got better visibility sooner than we do further out, but I would describe it as more evenly weighted at this point in time then heavier to Q3.
Jeffrey Miller: Sean, this is Jeff. Look, we're just not going to talk about pricing at this point in time. So we continue to look at every crew in terms of what's economic. And as we described before, we care a lot about customer alignment, basin alignment and customers that are able to consume our platform in a way that helps us and helps them. So we continue to view it that way. 
Jeffrey Miller: Look, we don't see Brexit alone having a dramatic effect, though clearly like in so many economies around the world, oil and gas is a clear path to help an economy. So in some ways, I think that that would be structurally a positive in the UK sector or the North Sea but immediately, no impact. 
Jeffrey Miller: Latin America has terrific reserves. The bottom line is the reserves are there and we've been in some countries in Latin America for 80 years. So I think that the positive signs are going to be production. It’s pleasing to see in Brazil for example, Petrobras is clearly back on the business pages today, talking about wells that are producing. But I think stability in commodity price is going to have to be one of the first things that helps in Latin America just given kind of financially where some of our customers are. But look, it is the kind of market that over time will clearly rebound.
Jeffrey Miller: I think it's later partly because you've got to almost go country by country in terms of some of the disruption that's going on. And so Mexico is working through sort of a market reorganization along with some other things that have to settle out. I believe Brazil in terms of sort of the cost of Deepwater is always an overhang and how they work through that. And then the other big one being Venezuela. Clearly a lot of turmoil there too and it’s very unfortunate, but hope to see resolution over time. 
Jeffrey Miller: No man, I don’t think those numbers are inconsistent with how we view the market and that's why we described the path back is it starts with utilization of what's there. I think there are barriers to a lot of that equipment ever makes it back into the market and I do think that unintended equipment almost retreats on its own, particularly with cannibalization that we hear others talking about it. So I don't think you're wrong. 
Jeffrey Miller: Jim, it’s interesting. Forging actually indicate more to me that they are trying to replace cannibalized parts in a lot of ways. Forging tend to be consumables as they repair equipment. One could interpret that as we've run out of cannibalized equipment and now are having to replace things. I don't see that as maybe the change in sentiment that maybe you do. But anyway …
Jeffrey Miller: Okay, thank you, Shannon. I’d like wrap up this call with just a few key takeaways. First, we like our position. We've maintained our global integrated service footprint, outperformed during the downturn and taken share. Second, for North America the landing point is now behind us and our customers are talking about growth, not survival. And finally, we’re the best position for the recovery. We will on the last mile continue to address our cost structure and collaborate with our customers to maximize their asset value. Look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Shannon, you can close out the call. 
Mark McCollum: Angie, let me take that one because I think it's important to understand, the Eastern Hemisphere is sort of a tale of two customer groups. You've got the NOCs generally with mature fields and they're just trying to squeeze more out of their mature fields through their existing infrastructure and that part of the business actually has held up pretty well. There’s certainly some pricing pressure there. There's certainly some issues with customers trying to lower their cost per BOE. I think it's the deep water complex that is the most challenged in this commodity price environment, and we clearly are working with our customers as are all the other contractors, to try to push that cost, that breakeven cost down in the deep water complex.  But where pricing is today, it just doesn't work generally in the deep water, especially the new deep water. So we’ve been focused on making sure that we get market share gains, even as the market has shrunk because in the long term, contracting nature of that market, when it does turn back up, you've got those contracts in hand and now market share becomes very sticky at that point in time.
Mark McCollum: Bill, I actually am glad you asked that question because I was sitting here thinking there was another point that I didn't get a chance to make on the earlier comment. One of the things that we're already beginning to see in the marketplace is a little bit of cost inflation. Diesel, we're seeing it in some commodities and things. And so we're already, believe it or not, at this point beginning to fight inflation. During this period of time, it’s off the bottom here with the slope of -- The shallow slope that we're on, it makes it challenging, right? We've got to get capacity utilization before you can really go get price and we're going to push, but some of the commodities are starting to poke their head up and it's catching us a little bit and that's part of what's being reflected in there. 
Mark McCollum: I think our best opportunity right now is continue to look at maturities as they come due. We’ve got a $600 million maturity coming up in the back half of the year. Our current intent right now is to make that payment out of our cash flow. We should have the ability to do that. That’s a part of our cash flow forecast for the year. So that's the current intent. We're just going to continue to watch it. We’ll just continue to watch it very carefully, but we’ve got $3.1 billion dollars of cash on the balance sheet. It’s a little more than we need. With some of these maturities coming, you'll notice that we've taken the tax hits to be able to move our money around as we need it no matter where it is in the world. So right now, our current plan is just continue to naturally delever. 
Mark McCollum: Part of it is just the natural budgeting cycle for many of our NOC clients. Their annual budgets, they’ll have to take their budgets and get it approved by legislative bodies. They're working off a year without significant -- they're not spending and they don't have a lot of cash flow and so that means that really until those budgets are approved, they're not going to be spending and oftentimes, that ends up happening sort of later, in the late first quarter or even into the second quarter before everything's approved. And so that starts to push out the ramp in spending. Even if they see higher prices, that pushes out the ramp in spending beyond what others might see. Whereas in North America, they’re not relying on legislative bodies. They get out and they spend quickly as soon as they have the cash flow.
