Dave Lesar: Thanks, Jeff and let me just do a quick wrap up. In summary, Eastern Hemisphere is playing out as we said it would. And based on our contract pipeline, we are confident in our estimates. Latin America will be a transitional year, but our project wins in Mexico set us up for a stronger second half and an improved 2015. And as I said in North America, I can feel and I can see the turn coming, which gives us confidence in our outlook for the year. Overall, our strategy is working well and we intend to stay the course. I am optimistic about our ability to grow our North America revenue and margins, realize industry-leading revenue and margin growth in our international businesses, which will result in EPS growth and significantly higher cash generation. We remain focused on consistent execution, generating superior financial performance and providing industry-leading shareholder returns. Thank you.
Dave Lesar: But we don’t see -- we don’t see pricing pushing down, we described. What we’ve described is contract rollovers through Q4 taking affect now having pricing affect. What I will just reiterate is that we stay focused on returns for our business. The ability to push through the pricing for inputs has been a bit of what we’ve seen. But the vagaries of the tightening, it’s tough to call that at this point. We have seen some tightening.
Dave Lesar: I think, Dave, first of all, I do feel the turn coming, but I want to see it get here first. When it gets here, we will be making those kinds of decisions. I think a couple things to keep in mind. One is, we will continue to high-grade our customer base, as we go through this process, working with the ones that want to work with us to basically get the efficiencies that we need, the rate of returns that we need. We are going to continue to rollout the Q10s, as we said at our Analyst Day. We believe it’s a differentiating platform to go to market with, and we’ll just sort of analyze the market as it comes to us and make those decisions at that point in time. I’m certainly not going to give away our strategy at this point. But I think we're pretty well down the road in thinking about what we're going to do.
Dave Lesar: Thanks, Kurt. We’ve always called the growth in that market as sort of slow and steady and it’s staying on the pace that we’ve sort of described all along. I won’t comment necessarily on the deepwater drillers, but our view and their view maybe a little bit different around that growth pace. We feel confident about what business that we see sort of over the near term and then clearly contracts that are being left appear to be going to work. So I am confident that from our standpoint, our outlook is still intact and our commitment to outgrow that market by 25% stays intact.
Dave Lesar: Well, I think as we -- sort of our experience in the last up-cycle following the financial crisis that potential connection doesn’t always work. We continue to believe that, while there are pockets of opportunity to -- or maybe to adjust our pricing with contracts awarded for specific product service lines, the large mega tenders that come out continue to be very, very competitive. And we don’t anticipate that necessarily changing in a slow and steady growth market over time regardless of what happens in the North American market in the short term.
Dave Lesar: Yes, thanks, Jeff. The increased volumes put a lot of -- not pressure but gives us an opportunity really to use our logistics and infrastructure that we put in place over the last several years. But clearly the ability to deliver the large volumes is crucial to our business and we do that through managing that delivery really from the beginning to the end from the mine to the well side and it’s -- so the takeaway is, yes, we manage it, and yes, we see it as a key component of our advantage.
Dave Lesar: Yes, the Canada breakup is always an impact. There is no -- that’s always part of the outlook, but in our case that is part of our outlook that’s included in the commitments that we made for next quarter and then beyond in North America. So we continue to be positive on that and really the takeaway, equipment works harder in the lower 48 than it does in Canada, just given that impact to breakup.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Thanks, Jim. I mean, a lot of the, if we look out five years, a lot of the structural things in my view are happening that that support the sustainable gas market. If we look at LNG export clearly a positive and its moving the right way, if we look at sort of the uptake on gas and its positioning in the market as long-term, fuel for electricity and then we look at sort of the economy and the upside in this economy, all of those conspire to in my view a sustainable gas market.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Jim, I mean, its clearly in my view more than a two-year cycle, because as I indicated earlier, we are not getting any help from gas essentially at this point in time. And I have a view on gas, I happen to believe that over the next five to 10 years, the gas market is going to be there and potentially be there in a big way. Have you went outside and the [call] (ph) probably has their own view as to whether I am right or wrong there. But I think that what we are trying to indicate is that if you just look at the liquid side of the business right now that's actually what’s giving us our excitement. And so is it sustainable, yes. Duration, yeah, it is still a cyclical business, but I clearly think that we are looking at something that is going to be turning up for more than two years.
Dave Lesar: Well, I think, the honest answer is, why we would always love to do some big bites. It takes two to tango, right. You’ve got to have those opportunities in front of you and in the absence those opportunities, the way I described our M&A strategy as we play small ball, right. You are going to that's ultimately can win the game and so we are out there constantly keeping our M&A pipeline full of prospects that address the strategic technologies and niches that we want to feel and keep a constant dialogue. Now all of those will come to fruition but enough of those you know along the way are filling up the prospects that can ultimately get us there. We would love to have some bigger deals. We have the balance sheet. We think we have the management team, the ability to integrate in a way that can make that very successful but those have been few and far between.
Dave Lesar: Yes, it is. We have not anticipated any kind of contract reform in Brazil over the course of the year. So if something happens there earlier than toward the end of the year than that would be beneficial for us.
Dave Lesar: Maybe to help, when we gave our guidance at the end of the first quarter -- fourth quarter about what would happen in Q1. We highlighted that we expected that there would be some pricing degradation that we had to fight against because of contract rollover as well as weather. And I think that some of the pricing was basically anticipated but I think that the weather and the knock-on impacts of the weather and logistic impacts and stuff like that were not anticipated to be as bad as they were. And so that’s probably, and I guess, as much as I want to give but again looking at March exit rates, they were very strong, very solid and that gives us high confidence for not only just Q2 but the rest of the year.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Thanks, Waqar. The Middle East growth is solid. But don’t forget, we have won a number of projects in the Middle East then we’re mobilizing for those, including in Saudi Arabia. And so what you’re seeing is some of the sorting out of that activity. That said, the takeaway is we are very confident about the business in the Middle East and expect to see strengthening there.
Dave Lesar: Waqar, we are not going to provide any guidance specifically on the Middle East. Middle East/Asia is our reportable region. If you look at it, it tends to be, have higher margins and we anticipate it will have higher growth than the average of Eastern Hemisphere overall but otherwise, we are going to stay with our Eastern Hemisphere guidance.
Dave Lesar: No. I mean, this is really where we’ve build the machine. It’s able to hire people. We know how to do that. We’ve seen this sort of tightness in labor before. So, we may see some increased costs but the ability to execute and deliver the people, I’m quite confident that we will do that.
Dave Lesar: Well, let me comment on this place. We are in the cycle and clearly as the client goes into development, there is such a premium on making more barrels out of that existing asset that I think that’s driving some of that appetite. I won't comment on our sales strategy necessarily other than to say, we really like the suite of tools that we have in the marketplace right now and the benefit that it’s delivering for our customers.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, James. This is Jeff. First thing with respect to pricing, we are not going to discuss our pricing strategy. But if you go back to what Dave said, we have seen some capacity tightening and the ability to pass on some of the increased prices to customers but the point being from our standpoint, we stay focused on returns.
Jeff Miller: We view sustainable prices north of $450 would be what’s required to see gas move but we are seeing it support, probably cash flows for some clients. But if anything, the key takeaway is it would be a 2015 event.
Jeff Miller: Hi, Angie, this is Jeff. Certainly as we look out, we’re seeing some tightening, but what I would say about, broadly capacity is that I don’t have any reason to disagree with some of the numbers that you saw last week. So that be.
Jeff Miller: Yes. Couple of things. First is the country is making a lot of the right moves. So as we see the reforms sort of taking shape, clearly they are -- I am impressed and pleased to see the schedule sort of keeping pace. Equally important as we see the contract opportunities in the market that works being lit, being tendered and won, which gives me confidence that the base activity, though we see the transitory sort of slow down in the contracts that were in place. We also see the path to the contracts that are going to take their place.
Jeff Miller: I mean, right now, we are sticking to our same policy. We are not going to comment on our overall capacity additions just for competitive reasons.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. I mean, Bakken, I think is back to work. So, I mean, it works it’s way through breakup and don’t have any reason to believe that it’s impacted any differently and it was extremely cold winter but that market knows how to rebound.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. Thanks, Jim. This is Jeff. The answer to question, well, I am not going to comment on the specific discussions with the client, but I am confident that we work through those during the current year. So as we -- some point this year we will see some relief there and certainly going into ’15 it would look different.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, this is Jeff. I mean there was a solid exit rates and on the basis of that we feel confident about the forecast we’ve laid out for you and also see the path to the commitment that we’ve made for 2014, which was adding the 200 basis points in North America.
Jeff Miller: Yeah. This is Jeff. There is a strong appetite for better technology and that’s really the crux for most of the conversations, I have with customers today is around how to make more barrels and what technology will allow them to do that. And that's really what our CYPHER suite is all about, is how to frac and how to drill to make more barrels. And so that’s where we’re seeing that increase in appetite so. And that’s really across the piece. So the takeaway is yes, there is more activity but every application of better technology in that higher volume environment is able to even make, create more value for our customers.
Mark McCollum: Bill, this is Mark. We did not call for 25% sequential from Q2 to Q3. I think what Dave was alluding to is that, if you just translate the notion of getting us back to a 20% margins in North America as the year progresses….
Mark McCollum: …as well as the continued strong growth, double-digit growth that we expect in our international or our Eastern Hemisphere markets, that’s going to continue to add to what we think is going to be a good solid Q2 for us, coming off of a Q1 seasonal level.
Mark McCollum: It's a great question, Bill. And one of the things that we are, as Dave, alluded to, yes, we think about our strategy for looking at North America, where we’re keenly focused on. Clearly, several years ago, we accelerated our capital bit quite dramatically anticipating a fairly dramatic turn in North America coming off the bottom of the financial crisis and then seeing the growth opportunities that were available to us in international markets. We felt like that that was a season of time overall because of our focus on returns. We wanted to get back our spending back down to something that was a more reasonable growth rate and really focus the business on capital utilization, asset turnover and return to our sort of an ultimate focus on returns. As we look at this market today and what maybe happening, I would tell you while we’re still expecting capital expenditures to be $3 billion, I mean, that’s -- I mean, I’ve got a lot of them through sort of keeping a tight grip on the rains in terms of what the opportunity set is out there for the growth of our business. I mean, there is a lot of things that we can do, we’re just -- we’re going to try to maintain that focus on return. So remember one of the things that we also have available to us, as we do the rollout of Q10s and we’re bringing equipment out of the market itself for reclamation or repositioning into international markets is, in essence, gives us some opportunity to sort of spread our assets, improve our utilization overall that maybe some other businesses don’t have within the capital budget.
Mark McCollum: We saw a significant improvement in our receivable position at the end of the fourth quarter. This quarter, it didn’t necessarily improve but I think that was driven probably more by an expansion of our operation there in Venezuela versus lack of payment but still is slower than we would like it to be. We continue to work with our customer there. They are trying to find an arrangement that’s mutually beneficial. But I think that at this point in time we’ll take a long-term view of Venezuela. We’ll continue to be constructive about that market think it can work for us and we’re continuing to invest and operate there to help them achieve their goals.
Mark McCollum: So challenging question, your second part is when it necessarily will change? Again I think that our overall view of the market has been slow and steady. And we have supported commodity prices ultimately when things will change will really relate to the supply and demand balance. Right now, there everything seems to be well and balance and I think as the economic, macroeconomic indicators improve globally, demand will grow then the need for supply will start growing and I think accelerate activity. The first part of the question on IOC and IOC is the part of our overall portfolio. They are an important part but they’re less than 25% as a percentage of our total revenues. I mean, we -- and I would also say that even though their relative budgets have stayed flat, what we see internally that they’ve adjusted some of that spending toward E&P and away from infrastructure this year. So the overall budget totals that they get may not be necessarily indicative of what we see them spending. And we expect that particularly in areas like the Gulf of Mexico that spending will be creeping up as the year goes -- goes by.
Mark McCollum: Okay. Just sort of, I guess, to reiterate the guidance, we are expecting that revenues will be slightly up but that margins will be flat in Q2 but that they will be increasing over the rest of the year so that when you look at the total 2013 -- I'm sorry 2014 year, it will be on balance the same as 2013 was, both from a revenue standpoint and margin standpoint. So that's the overall guidance. So that anticipates a higher margin in the back part of the year than we’re currently experiencing. The forecast that I gave you for Q2 on the blanket contract assumes Q2 more but probably later in the quarter versus earlier. And so it’s large impact will be back half of the year versus for Q2.
