Jeff Miller: In closing, there are few things I want to highlight. Our second quarter results clearly demonstrated the strength of our franchise in North America and our ability to adapt to a rapidly changing environment. If you believe in energy, you should be invested in North America. Halliburton's relative performance for the balance of the year will remain strong. As a result of our ability to grow our North America margins and continues to maintain revenue and margins in our international business. Our strategy is working well and we intend to stay the course. We'll continue to drive superior execution and remain focused on delivering best-in-class returns.  I want to take a moment to thank Dave for his leadership at Halliburton during the 17 years as CEO. He created an amazing legacy and our employees, customers and shareholders have benefited greatly from his management of our company. I have had the pleasure of working with Dave for almost 30 years. He is an important mentor to me. Together, we developed the strategy and leadership team for our company and I look forward to working with him over the next 18 months.  Before we open the call up for question, I'll go ahead and ask the first one myself because I know it's on everyone's mind. What are we doing around new build equipment? The simple answer is that we are first and foremost a returns focused organization. We have the ability to make a series of discrete decisions around equipment and will only bring it out under certain conditions. First, that it is backed by customer commitment. Second, that it captures leading edge pricing which is accretive to our margins. And finally, it generates acceptable return on investment. So let me remind everyone, that we have not invested in our legacy fleet in two and half years, prudently managing the health of our fleet is important to maintain the type of service quality and reliability that our customers have come to expect. Therefore, some replacement of equipment will be necessary over time. Our manufacturing center in Duncan is a powerful, competitive differentiator for our organization. It allows us to be nimble and build equipment is needed with short lead times. This flexibility allows us to control the rate at which we manufacture, building as little as 2,000 horsepower at a time if need be. We delivered what we said we would on the reactivation plan. When we build additional equipment, we will do it with same discipline around returns. Halliburton is the execution company and you have to trust me to do the right thing. Run the business in the right way and make the right decisions. That answers it.  Now let's open it up for other questions. 
Jeff Miller: Look, Jud. Thanks. Bottom line is the costs were lower than expected in Q2. And that's because we got there faster and cheaper than we thought. Our Duncan manufacturing team just simply way out performed both by speed and bringing down the cost of everything. The other thing that happened is our people went back to work faster and that's principally because of all of the demand that we saw for our equipment. I supposed one other thing as we were successful in bringing back a large quantity of former Halliburton employees which is something we always wanted to do, but that also mean to say go back to work more quickly with substantially less training. As we look ahead to Q3, obviously there will be new challenges to deal with. For example our employees. Our employees haven't had raises in three years. So we plan to for example provide our employees with raises. But I would like to do is to listen Chris' guidance on completion and production. We said we outperformed the rig count growth on revenue and continue to improve margin. So that's truly how we see that. 
Jeff Miller: Look, we are not backing off our expectation on normalized margins. As I said it and I won't give you a date but I don't have a crystal ball but I'd suspect it would be into 2018. But it starts with customer urgency as I've described. And that really means having targets, to meet targets and that's where we absolutely shine it on. That's what our value proposition does. And we still see supply and demand tightness. I mean our calendar is full as we look out. And so I don't see any change in my outlook. 
Jeff Miller: Yes, look, I am going to go back to what I said on this, James. And I'd be crazy to lay out our market strategy in detail here. But I laid out the conditions which is committed client contracts or commitments from clients, leading edge pricing and then the ability to generate adequate return. Short answer is we haven't built anything so far this quarter. But I'd say if the opportunity above does present itself then we have the ability and the capability to quickly meet that demand with Duncan. 
Jeff Miller: No. I mean our view had always been that there would be attrition. We see that and today our view that market is in fact sold out. That's part of the reason we see ducks building and other thing, and we really got the same amount of horsepower that's been in the market, changed hands in a couple of instances but with respect to the headline amount of horsepower that was there in 2014, we are well short off that today. 
Jeff Miller: Well, first of all, I won't lay all of that out and when we think about what Dave said in terms of tapping the brakes. And so we see some tapping of the brake which in my view better described as let's going from 80 miles an hour to 70 miles an hour. But it hasn't limited the ability to push on price. And our guys absolutely doing that everyday. And as I said, we still see the customer urgency. So we are losing on price all of the time but I think that if we go back to Chris' guidance, I mean that's solid progress and particularly as I described kind of the macro environment that we -- I guess all have talked about. 
Jeff Miller: Well, Ange, it's too early to call on 2018. What I would say the pace that we see, we see a solid ramp in terms of ability to execute and deliver on the things that we talked about with respect to normalized margins. We do see currently ducks Building, there is back and waiting to activity. And quite frankly the science continues to drive the business. And so I think in terms of peak, the peak is going to be probably more science based in the future and maybe less volume driven. 
Jeff Miller: So as I said, Ange, I am not going to layout our pricing strategy here on this call by any means. What I would go back to -- we push price all time, our guys, what we do is in high demand. And particularly in a market like we are in now where urgency matters, delivering targets matters to our customers. And that's where high proficiency and the technology that we bring are so valuable. And so I am confident that we are continuing to work. We talked about the leverage that we have in terms of leading edge priced, legacy fleet and then obviously cost and efficiency. So we work on all of those all the time. 
Jeff Miller: Yes that the intensity continues to increase both rate and numbers of stages and those sorts of things. So I think it's more of - I'll bring it up simply because I've always believe that sand, a, is not infinite and it's not free. And so as we started to put constraints on sand in terms of availability cost, it's actually had a very rational impact driving thought around where it goes and how much in terms of total volume. But I'd say in terms of how it gets placed, I talked about it a couple technology examples in my prepared remarks. So those kinds of things the equipment work just as hard but it is how it is applied. So that's I bring that up today. We haven't seen that before really gosh in five years, six years and so it's one data point but it's one that I am certainly going to watch. 
Jeff Miller: Yes, thanks, Sean. I mean the Summit deal is fantastic fit and fantastic people, is what I can say about that. I mean it was a great add for our artificial lift business. When we put our business together with Summit, it creates solid number two position and US, ESP, other technology and really loves their value proposition. I mean they are so dialed into how they respond to customers and they build the plumbing around that to do it very, very well. And so the strategy going forward is to use our footprint to create even more value which we know we can do. Starting here in the US but also internationally. We've talked about M&A before and I don't see -- we continue to be interested in growing our production group which includes all forms of lift. Happy with what we've done two on ESP today and then I've also talked about chemicals being probably more organic and less M&A but nevertheless there will be some M&A in that. 
Jeff Miller: Jim, it's going to be some spot whether as a discovery or there is enough sort of base load of activity to move quickly. If I had to guess there is probably some places in Latin America that might fill that bill. But as far as broad region that's really part of the issue, Jim, it's like peanut butter being spread around the world and gets enough traction in a particular spot. So that's why what makes it tough is simply because it will be very concentrated place when we start to see that. Now, the other side of that, that's one of the reasons we do protect our international franchise. We think that the investment we made over the last several years is valuable and will be more valuable in the future when that time comes but it's not -- yes, I think we are moving side wise for a while. 
Jeff Miller: Yes. I mean on a relative basis relatively smaller but quite frankly very good markets for us. And once I really want to give kudos to Joe Rainey and their team who have absolutely executed and build those businesses. So those are businesses that are in my view gaining traction in the DNA part of our business. Better alignment around customers, I think closer alignment with customers particularly in Russia today and very encouraging. 
Jeff Miller: Look, that's something that is closing I'd say sort of everyday as we work it. But let's go back to why there is a spread there. And it's because we are aligning with very good customers, they are very efficient and so we want to be part of their business. And we believe we can do a lot to help drive down sort of their overall cost and lower their cost per BOE. And so that's why we never had -- we abandoned half the market to go move somewhere else. We absolutely want to support all of our customers. So I am not going to give that spread. But I'll tell you it's something like I said in Q1 that we would be closing in on that over four quarters. So look for some time early in 2018 to have that done.
Jeff Miller: Yes. So I mean I'd say we are probably in the 60% range or so for the following reactivation. The important thing about that equipment is that it is build for total cost of ownership. I mean we don't sell this equipment in the market. Our guys at Duncan are absolutely motivated by one thing. What is the most resilient, the efficient piece of equipment? And I go out and check to make sure that it's competitively priced which it is, but more important thing is cost is what it does for our guys in the field. And the way that it is integrated. So it runs a higher rate, it uses all the available horsepower, it's more efficient by still about a 20% efficiency compared to what we see in the market. So when I think about how do we make the best returns in the marketplace, we always think about how do we drive capital off of location and first thing to do is have more efficient pumps on location. 
Jeff Miller: Look, I think it's really is part of the science of frac and that is if not the only thing it's not the customers are running from the economics but they are making very thoughtful economic decisions and as the availability or the actually the applicability of science so the better they understand, we collectively understand how to make more barrels. That gives put to work with clearly an economic backdrop. And I think that back to Dave's earlier comments on our customers. I mean this is an incredibly adaptive group of customers that I think it demonstrated through tougher cycle in our history and ability to consume science, consume lesson learned and move the cost per BOE down almost in the face of anything. And so I think what you are seeing is really the nature evolution of, okay as inputs move up for better ways to get more barrels and in some cases we are seeing that. This is not across the board but on overall basis that was the data point we saw. 
Jeff Miller: Well, again I am not going to get our strategy around price anywhere but what I'd say Latin America is not too different in terms of the contract cycle terms of -- length of contracts typically have a muting impact. There is plenty of -- quite a bit of equipment in the world today and so certainly look forward to that but I'd not -- it's not enough to change the overall trajectory. 
Jeff Miller: Look, that's great for us. It's good for our customers. It's good for us in terms of lowering cost per BOE. I've been very vocal about why we don't own mines and that's -- this is an example of why not bring it from Halliburton standpoint, why we wouldn't want to be invested and tied, was not cost to places, technology moves a different direction. Trans load infrastructure that we have is valuable. I'd say probably the toughest part to get to realistically is the Permian basin and local sand in my view opens up a whole new avenue of what is lower cost. And some of the things that we are doing around delivering sand. We are always looking at how do we get sand delivered at a lower cost point and I think our containerized solutions that we are implementing are right, right in the sweet spot of that kind of development.
Jeff Miller: No. I mean that's the stuff works all over the country and that's fairly localized solution. So I like what we are invested in. And we've always been careful. Again, we target about 50% of our capacities manage internally. And we do that so that we can flex with the market. And that's how I see this. 
Jeff Miller: Well, look, we are in large part agnostic to the type of sand, the reality is we study sand closely to understand how to better design chemistry to make better frac. Cost is always a component of that. But we've seen other media sort of go into vogue and out of vogue and we've got mark risk out which is an NO style solution or micro style solution. So I think that obviously what's being talked about today is consistent with what I hear from customers. And what is being consumed today. But again that the drive for better science is always going on and that's one of the reasons our labs are constantly looking at, how to take what's available and make it better and how to either or to substitute with things that are better. So I think just the answer [Multiple Speakers] is inappropriate. 
Jeff Miller: Well, it's one data point so I will clearly be watching that. Since that I get this more around design and what is the most -- our clients are dead focused on lowest cost per BOE, making more barrels and at a lower cost. And so designing things that can consume less sand but deliver more barrels or as many barrels is clearly what they want to do. 
Jeff Miller: Thank you, Candice. Before we close, there are a couple points I'd like to highlight. First, our second quarter performance demonstrates strength of our North American franchise and our ability to adapt to rapidly changing environment. Second, Halliburton's relative performance for the balance of this year will remain strong as a result of our ability to grow North America margins and maintain revenue and margins internationally. Look forward to talking with you next quarter. Candice, you may now close out the call.
