Dave Lesar: Thanks, Mark. Just a quick summary, Eastern Hemisphere continues to deliver top-tier growth, leading the industry year-to-date and we expect a strong fourth quarter with margins in the high teens. Latin America will be flattish, but expect strong growth in 2014. For North America, we anticipate typical seasonality in the fourth quarter with some pricing pressure and lingering effects of the Colorado floods, but margin improvement as we go into 2014. Finally, as demonstrated by our dividend increase earlier this year, and the repurchase of 10% of our shares, we are very confident in the strength of our business outlook and are focused on delivering leading shareholders returns. With that, let's open it up for questions.
Dave Lesar: Yes. Absolutely. I think based on discussions with customers, sort of contract flow that we have got in hand I would be surprised if it isn’t around that number for next year.
Dave Lesar: Well I guess, if we were up and blowing and going in the Niobrara, it might. But as I said, that's sort of lingering into Q4. And I think it's fair to say the visibility on Q4, right now, is not as great as we would like it to be because based on conversations we are having with customers, the holiday work schedule is one of the big unknowns at this point in time with Christmas falling in the middle of the week, and just where various customers are in terms of spending their budgets for the year and those sorts of things. I think we are just, as we sit here today, what we see is a typical Q4 unfolding in front of us and if it changes from that, obviously we will have either a positive or a negative impact from there.
Dave Lesar: Okay. So on the capital side, it is still early in the planning process but I think that, right now, as we look ahead while there are - we are pretty excited about the growth trajectory going into 2014 we are driving hard on efficiencies. So that will probably continue to allow us to be more disciplined around how much capital we are putting into the marketplace. So we don't sit here today expecting a significant increase in capital overall. There will be some specific projects, maybe some reorientation within the budget. We will continue to rollout our Q-10s and the Frac of the Future into the North American marketplace and question is how rapidly do we do that vis-à-vis the overall market trajectory, but right now don't see significant changes in the capital overall. The dividend policy, the 15% to 20% of net income, it will always be sort of a moving target. The Board has the discretion to set that dividend target, they do so always in looking not just at the net income, but also our cash flow and looking at our relative investment opportunities that fall ahead of us. I guess the answer is stay tuned and we will be talking with the Board and then making adjustments as necessary, but our cash flow continue to be very, very positive. Even with all the actions that we took this quarter, we are very pleased with the cash flow in the quarter.
Dave Lesar: Waqar, this is Dave. I would also add to that any tendering on large project still is tending to be very, very competitive.
Dave Lesar: Yes. With respect to the Frac of the Future, we are continuing to roll that out and as we rolled it out, we have retired equipment or moved that equipment overseas, so yes we see value in continuing that program and getting the equipment into the market. With respect to attrition sort on the back of current utilization in the North America, as we said there is about a 20%, we believe oversupply in the market now though we do see increasing drilling efficiency sort of the rate that is greater than increasing completion efficiency and because of that, we expect to see attrition continue. You know at what point that is? I expect, certainly out into next year, late next year or beyond though any spiking gas activity will certainly take that out very quickly.
Dave Lesar: Angie, this is Dave. Let me handle that one. We have talked over the couple of calls about the entry into artificial lift, especially ESPs. And I can tell you, it's a fantastic business. So it's one of our fastest growing businesses, although it's not big enough to move the needle for us right now but because we like it so much, we are going to look at both driving organic growth as well as bolt-on acquisitions.
Dave Lesar: Stay tuned for our Analyst Day, Dave. That's where we are going to lay it all out here in a couple of weeks.
Dave Lesar: Yes, Jim, this is Dave. Let me just give you a little perspective on what's Mark saying. If you add up the amount that we have spent on manufacturing our big new facility in Singapore, our big new technology centers in Huston and in Saudi and Brazil, they are probably pushing a $1 billion just for those. Plus you add up the infrastructure we have built out in the U.S. to help our logistics and those are current cash flow, long-term depreciation, but I am telling you long-term payback things for Halliburton. So I think that we have had a spike in the fixed assets side of the business but they will pay off in the long run.
Dave Lesar: Yes. Jim, the bulk of that was in North America. It was geared around our efficiency drive and it was taking out basically as we have to do things more efficiently, we find that there are people that are excess, we are able to effectively do more efficient work in the back office. Also even at the co-pay, so our ability to relook at how efficiently we do work, so I would say that's not foreshadowing. What that is, is really coming to fruition sort of our confidence and the ability to execute the work either with fewer people or fewer people in the back-office.
Dave Lesar: That is more customer-driven than that is rig count-driven. I think this is though just a view of how to get better frac propagation, what could be the technologies and so I would say it is a technical view more so than it is sort of the overall averages just moving up.
Dave Lesar: Brad, we have talked about in the past. It's really service intensity and it's sort of service intensity beyond just getting more fracs or more wells down per pad. It's actually now applying some of the new technologies that we have to make better wells, lower cost of BOE and make our customers more money, but also generate additional revenues for us. Then if the rig count kicks up on top of that, that would just the additional plus to the upside.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I mean there are offset. That's a big market in Mexico, so there are offsets and there is offshore work that's being done, there is deepwater work that's being done. For example, the incentivized contract, so there are offsets in that market. With that said, the mega tenders are important, because it sort of refreshes budgets and resets the table in terms of work well in to the future. As far as the timing of that goes, no, I am not surprised by where that stands. I mean, knew that that would be a large undertaking and take time for our client to get organized around how to put that out. Again, our view is sort of early Q2 is a realistic sort of startup time for that activity if things proceed as planned.
Dave Lesar: From a differentiation standpoint, Jeff, we absolutely believe that in our ability to deliver efficiency with that technology I won't through them with PermStim, but a whole range of chemistry technologies and others that absolutely differentiate Halliburton in the market, so we look at contracts in any sort of environment those are the things that we turn to and that our clients count on Halliburton to do.
Dave Lesar: The question was would we see a decline without the 24-hour work. It's an interesting question. Scott, I don't know for sure whether we would know that or not, because obviously you can't ever exactly know what motivates our competitors to sort of come in with the pricing that they do, but I do think that often times what we are seeing is guys really wanting to get equipment to work and willing to take a lower price if that's necessary to do that. The question always is, okay, but are they really creating the value for the customer. In our sort of overall value proposition, we are always focused on. It's not just the cost per stage to the customer, but what are they achieving on an increased production, driving down the overall cost on a per BOE basis, and when customers get focused on that, I think that the results begin to change in our favor.
Dave Lesar: Well I guess what I will say is we don't typically, I mean we don't pursue that one off market that you just described. And so I would, just from competitive standpoint, I wouldn't walk through our contracts and our pricing on those different contracts. So suffice to say, that we tend to work in a more contracted fashion but we are on a longer period of time.
Dave Lesar: Yes, before closing the call, I just want to remind everybody that on November 6, we will be having our Analyst Day and it will be webcast. You will be able to access the webcast link from the Investor Relations page on halliburton.com. And with that Sam, I will turn it back over to you to close up call.
Jeff Miller: James, this is Jeff. For competitive reasons, we are not going to give you the number other than to say that it is certainly an important part of our business and I guess I would leave you with, absent that, it would have been enough to move our completion margins up for North America.
Jeff Miller: Hi Jud, Jeff here. I would say that Brazil it’s the combination of activity increase would help as well as rightsizing our investment, which we are in the process of doing now, so there are some things that we can do and others that we need the client to do. With respect to Mexico, I think we really need to see a settling down of all the moving pieces which, right now, we have got incentivized contract to get started which certainly helps us, as well as the turnover in the contracting around these mega tenders also brings some stability. So I think those two things do as much as any to improve margins into next year.
Jeff Miller: Well, I would say, we typically see quite a bit of seasonality in Latin America and so all the moving parts, I don't think, help in Q1. So I would say we tend to be more backend weighted.
Jeff Miller: Yes. For 2014, the outlook is fairly strong. The discussions we are having now sees confidence in the oil window and continuing to invest. So we certainly have a positive outlook for 2014.
Jeff Miller: This is Jeff. As we look out into the Eastern Hemisphere, we have continued to see steady improvement, but no inflection point if that's where that question is leading, so there is a lot of visibility on the growth in the Eastern Hemisphere or internationally and to a large degree we are built into that.
Jeff Miller: It would be a dislocation sort of event where there is inadequate capacity to meet demand, but I would say that as Dave said, the majority of the contracts are fairly large and there is a lot of visibility of those contracts, so I don't see kind of any surprises in the Eastern Hemisphere that would create that sort of supply/demand dislocation.
Jeff Miller: Yes, as we look at that, if we think that the drilling efficiencies up in that 20% range and we look at completion efficiency somewhat less than that, we will see it probably about in that 7%, 8% sort of efficiency in drilling that's outpacing the efficiency in completions. I think one of the things that tempers completion efficiency is going to be the size of jobs and the amount of activity requires completion actually get in some cases bigger rather than smaller and this where the frac purification [ph] happens. So again, my outlook is that we continue to add equipment over time as opposed to the other.
Jeff Miller: Yes, this is Jeff. I would say, it is like 2014 or early '15 by the time when we start to see that tightening though as I just described, I do think that we are down the path that it consumes more equipment rather than adding more equipment.
Jeff Miller: Yes. I have got a positive outlook on our activity as we go into 2014. So what I would say is, we are much more disciplined around the contracts that we pursue and the terms under which we will accept them, so it's returns and margins first as opposed to top line growth and we have been, as I said very disciplined about that, so I am confident that we will grow that business, but again grow business that we can all be happy with.
Jeff Miller: Jim, this is Jeff. No. I would say that the pricing pressure we see is more widespread than just fracturing.
Jeff Miller: The competition that varies basin-to-basin and so depending on the amount of capacity that's there, the complexity of the reservoir, we can make a different value proposition with customers on differentiation. In some cases, where they have gone off and the customer has experienced what someone else has done we have been able to take that fork back at a little bit higher price.
Jeff Miller: No. We expect that as we go into '14 and beyond, we will be staging the rollout once we kind of get all the kings out in the North America, the rest of the world is ready to go and so we will be rolling those out over time although probably at a slightly slower space than we used for the North America rollout just given its size and complexity.
Mark McCollum: Our general profitability in Mexico is very strong. So when this activity does kick up and kick back in we expect a fairly good and solid snapback. As Jeff said that we are getting started in these new contracts in Brazil. We need more activity but even starting those, for there will be a period of time when the Brazil margins may be detrimental to our overall Latin America margins, but remember these are very long-term contracts, eight years and longer and there will be significant up sell opportunities as those contracts gain traction. We have ability to introduce new technologies into that marketplace.
Mark McCollum: It may not necessarily reflect itself in rig count, but certainly in the well count and efficiencies everybody is very, very focused on continuing to drive efficiencies in the marketplace.
Mark McCollum: I don't have enough insight into our peers to understand what they are doing on their capital spending. I know what drives ours. For a long time, we are spending a lot of maintenance cost on old fully depreciated equipment. So when we evaluate what we are doing, we are looking at maintenance cost and depreciation on a combined whole. So, yes, our depreciation is going up as we have new equipment we have relatively fast depreciation rates relative to useful lives of that equipment in terms of what we can do with it long-term and is driving our maintenance cost down on a percentage of revenue basis overall. So it's a zero some gain. The other thing that we, of course, had to do over the last several years has made some fairly substantial investments in manufacturing, technology centers and fixed assets, basis of things around the world to position ourselves for the growth in Eastern Hemisphere and Latin America that we are achieving. So it may not look as productive but the fact is that's handy for being able to be there and to serve those customers in the places around the world. So that's been a fairly large percentage of our overall CapEx and that will probably continue as we continue to expand and in particularly in the unconventional market around the world over the next several years.
Mark McCollum: Now, Jim, what happened in the second quarter, as we really made a hard push to get that contract done at the end of the second quarter. It's built over a little bit but the reality of that push, it increased our profitability on that contract as we took it across the finish line. Now it's over and while there is a little bit of work left, a very small phase two, we finished that first phase of those big contracts, the initial awarded contracts. So it hasn't impacted in reducing the overall profitability in Iraq overall. But that isn't to say that we are losing money there. Just the opposite. In fact, as we go forward on our new contracts, we are trying to be very, very disciplined about the work that we take on and making sure that it continues to improve our profitability in that region going forward. It is magnitude as always and not the margins.
