Dave Lesar: Alright, thank you Jeff. Before we go to the questions let me summarize what you heard today. North American exit margins greater than 20%, our new equipment will be going to work at at least those exit margins. We are building our North American logistics to get ahead of the curve. We made good progress this quarter negotiating price increases with our customers and in Latin America headwinds are becoming tailwinds, and 2015 is shaping up to be a much stronger year. In the Eastern Hemisphere there are few troubled spots, but we still an opportunity for steady growth in the coming year and we continue to focus on delivering the highest shareholder returns as evidenced by our 20% dividend increase in addition of $300 million of stock repurchases during the quarter. Before I close I want to make one final comment on the current environment. The strategic initiatives we’ve been working on the last several years Battle Red, Frac of the Future and others make us what I believe is the most efficient and adaptable organization in the industry. We are able to execute equally well in either a boom market or one that’s more challenged. Across the board, we are focused on making better wells for our customers and better returns for you our shareholders. So no matter what market is handed to us, our strategies give us confidence that we will continue to outperform our peers. So with that let’s open it up for questions.
Dave Lesar: Let me let Jeff take the first crack at it and then I will come in at the end if I feel I need to add something.
Dave Lesar: So I guess let me just add, I think if you want to summarize it, we are not feeling, hearing, seeing anything that says this momentum is going to change that we had coming out of Q3.
Dave Lesar: Yeah I think, let me just one thing, if you go again, go back to analyst day, the impact of things like Battle Red, Frac of the Future and other things that you were doing at that point, we thought could add five points in margin without any price increases. And we are not backing off that view. A lot of the push up and margins right now are just those things been implemented and us been more efficient as an organization. So I think to answer the question specifically, if you did have a flattening out, I would expect that our margins would be at least where they are today.
Dave Lesar: Let me answer that (inaudible) your first question was your [output] in reverse order. Why would we want that work? The fact is we are a lot smarter in that market than we’ve ever been. I think we were early in to that market and underestimated the risk around logistics and a few other things. We really like the contract the way this one looks in terms of terms and conditions. So feel good about that. The project itself I won’t name the project, but it’s a great project, its four rigs to drill, 120 wells over the next probably three years. We have invested heavily in putting our IPM team together and they are really executing it. So if I think how we execute on mature fields longer term, these are the kind of projects that we are going to do.
Dave Lesar: Jim this is Dave, I would just add one thing and I think we refer to it as sort of the treadmill effect. What you want to do is get your customers in a basin where they’ve got sufficient amount of production that they have to get on the treadmill if you will to keep that production going, because that’s a great place for a service company to be, and a great place for the lowest cost most efficient service company to be, because helping the customers stay on that treadmill as it gets faster and the incline goes up is part of the whole hyper efficiency model that we try to offer up to our customers.
Jeff Miller: Our outlook today is very positive. We are in the heavy part of our renewal period now, and I would tell you that renewals are rolling up not down, and as of last week, I talked to a lot of customers and budgets are moving up, not down. So in terms of activity, everything I see looks like its increasing into 2015 and quite frankly our strategy that we have in place around delivering the lowest cost per BOE in the market is more valuable than ever.
Jeff Miller: Not seen any of that James. This is Jeff, the capital is going to work, it’s going to work in mature fields, it’s going to work in unconventionals, maybe more so than deepwater, but again where we are positioned and what we are seeing around integrated asset management opportunities as in just a traditional work, nothing leads us to believe that from an IOC perspective there is any change - NOC perspective.
Jeff Miller: Yeah Jud this is Jeff. Our entire strategy is built around delivering Frac of the Future or HALvantage. If we roll back to our analyst day, we’d always said that we would continue to put more efficient equipment in the market and more efficient work practices so that we would be able to improve margins on the back of the way that we are working. So as I look out into 2015, we are seeing those fundamental pieces of our business continuing to deliver which clearly means that we continue to see a positive impact on margins.
Jeff Miller: The (inaudible) intensity continue to increase on the basis of the types of jobs that are being designed and so we’ve seen a consistent increase in the amount of proppant and the amount of stages. So I refer specifically to 30% increase in stage count, 50% increase in sand consumption. I would say that you see a bigger ramp in the more mature basins, because that’s where we are really getting in to what I’d call sort of hyper efficiency and increasing the production of existing wells as oppose to way before its’ a little bit more, I will use it with quotes around it “exploratory” in a few basins. But as I look in to 2015, I don’ see anything that changes the pace of increase necessarily across the piece simply because we are making better wells, and that’s what takes us back to the importance sand logistics and the ability to deliver. I will give you a one quick anecdote; for us that have seen trains load, we can unload an entire unit train in nine hours and we can load a truck in seven minutes. So that’s kind of where we are focusing our attention.
Jeff Miller: No, I mean when we look at that our expectation that’s probably less than 10% coming in to the market, and the fact is the equipment is working harder than it has ever worked before given the size of the stages and the amount of the sand. So my expectation is most of that equipment will either be backup equipment, four big jobs now with our Q-10 pumps we are more effective with typically 20% less horsepower on location, and quite frankly less back up. I put very little backup equipment to work in the market. So that’s kind of the takeaway is not that concerned, really not concerned about additional horsepower.
Jeff Miller: Well I think it’s a little bit of both Ole, we are working with fairway players, we’ve always said that we make it a point to work with the most efficient operators in the market place so that we get the maximum utilization of the technology we are putting in the markets. So we are pumping more sand may be then competitors would not surprise me at all. But I do think longer term there will be a continued move towards better frac design thinking about our CYPHER technology how we design the best fracs to get the most production out of the wells. And I do believe that will lead us to a continuation of larger volumes.
Jeff Miller: Well let me think about it this way and in terms of what we are doing to address that. I think the volumes will continue to increase across the piece that may not stay at the same rate of increase. But from our standpoint, we’ll continue to invest in logistics and control the supply chain really from mine to the last well, from the mine to the last mile it gets us to two locations which looks like sand transloading and investment in rail cars. And these are things that overcome the logistics problems that seem to occur.
Jeff Miller: So the answer to that was, we expect outgrow the market or outgrow our competitors in that space. There clearly are some headwinds when we look around the world right now. So the North Sea, Russia and Libya are clearly going to present headwinds, so quite encouraged around tailwinds in the Middle East and Asia Pacific. So when I think about growth, more specifically, it may be more of where capital gets put to work, may be than it has been in the past we talked a lot about deepwater, potential moderation as IOCs look at their capital budgets. But that said, the barrels come from somewhere and our expectation is that we may see more of that capital going in to development and mature field type of opportunities, and so for that reason I am still very encouraged about our ability to sustain growth in to 2015 that would be sort of similar to where we are now.
Jeff Miller: There’s not been any kind of a conservative effort to shave capital. I think its probably a little bit tighter forecast particularly as we look forward in some of the projects in the eastern hemisphere. It just takes some time off and times to get things approved and so it’s just timing. So you will see some of that coming in to probably the early part of 2015.
Jeff Miller: Yeah, and I think what you are seeing the current quarter is a bit of impact of the Gulf of Mexico. So we experienced loop currents like everybody else, and so we had a quite a bit slower activity in the Gulf of Mexico in the current quarter. But the well construction type activity is going to track generally speaking the rig count. But we are really encouraged as we look Q4 and beyond hit the loop currents behind us. We really like our share in the Gulf of Mexico right now, and it’s a growing share in the Gulf of Mexico.
Jeff Miller: Yes Jim, that’s the right answer. We are working harder and harder to produce arguably the same number of barrels, but those barrels are critical to number of economies around the world, and so when we look at sort of outlook; two things, one, the projects that are started have to continue. These are long duration type projects, they don’t turn on and off, and then secondly, there are a lot of mature field type activity that we know would lower exploration risk almost nil exploration risks. Those are projects that create terrific returns for our customers. So I think those two conspire to give you an inelastic sort of outlook.
Jeff Miller: It’s quite a bit of the work that’s going on now, and I guess Jim the way I would answer that is, rather than give you a percentage, I would say that we know the decline rates on existing wells’ fairly dramatic. We know what it takes in order to continue to improve that. So I would expect that sustaining activity or sustaining production in North America takes a quite a big chunk of the work that’s going on now.
Jeff Miller: I can’t speak for the industry, but we’ll speak for Halliburton, and this is right in our wheel house. As you said recovering inflation has really been the order of the day, but as we go through the renewals and we sort of establish inflationary increases that keep us whole, very quickly we drop back in to our ability to manage cost and drive efficiency which should allow us of it does allow us to convert that inflation in to net pricing to the extent to which we compete at the market, and this precisely why we implement and have advantage and the logistics advantages we have Battle Red, Frac of the Future and that’s what conspires to deliver our exit rates in excess 20%.
Jeff Miller: So thanks Sam. I want to thank everybody for your participation today and Sam you can go ahead and close the call.
Mark McCollum: Hey Jud this is Mark. Yeah, that’s exactly right, you know we always try to consider that fourth quarter you have some holiday down time, you are going to have some seasonality particularly in the Rockies where we have a dominant market position that will impact operations as you close out the year. But what we are doing is we are looking at every thing on balance; first of all very strong exit rates, second of all very strong activity levels that month-over-month continues to increase. When we are working, our equipment is working very hard. We had already indicated earlier in the year that we’ve been building additional frac equipment, you know we’ll have new spreads that are already hitting the street today that will be active during the fourth quarter, that will be adding to our complement of equipment that will be generating revenues, and so when you take all that on balance, we are just saying that this fourth quarter uniquely looks like one that we could have a slightly better earnings and profits in this fourth quarter in North America than you might see in a traditional fourth quarter. Now that’s assuming a very sort of standard weather pattern, standard holiday downtime. But from our base outlook, it looks like its going to be a very good Q4.
Mark McCollum: Which we are certainly – Ole this is Mark just to add to that, from a contracting standpoint, we are working very hard to make sure that we’ve got all the sand dates that we are forecasting under contract. You know we’ll probably have 80% of our sand needs contracted this year it may go up to 90% next year. By contracting our sand, looking forward that allows us to shave off anywhere from 15% to 20% off of a spot of sand pricing. Doing the same on rail cars making sure that we’ve got plenty of capacity to run full unit trains, making sure that our transloading facilities each one are designed to offload complete unit trains. We are the only one so far I think to have managed to be able to really offload complete unit trains on sight on some of our location, and we are just going to look forward to where our customers are saying they are going to be running these volumes and make sure that the infrastructures onsite to be able to run as lean and efficient as we possibly can.
Mark McCollum: The answer is it does relate to both, yes revenues and margins. I mean typically you might see margins climb up a bit on the back of some level of direct sales, completion tool sales, things like that. But I think this quarter given where we are seeing some of the softness particularly the Norwegian sector, the North Sea in Q4 we are expecting it to be more flat to Q3 on both the revenue and the margin side.
Mark McCollum: It’s a little early to know for next year where it’s going to go. I mean obviously everything that we are trying to do across the board is to improve margins by cutting cost and things like that. As we look forward to next year, I think we do see some continued softness in the Norwegian sector and the North Sea. Russia as I said on the call will likely be, hopefully we are working to be flat year-over-year on an overall basis and we’ll have Libya’s down for the count right now, so it’s difficult to forecast when that will be. But when you look at other markets across Europe, Africa and CIS, you know the Caspian continues to do very well. When you look at sub-Saharan Africa itself, we had a very good year, we expect that will continue to grow on the back of mature field projects there. And Continental Europe for us is doing exceedingly well right now and we expect that that will go up as well. So as we go in to the year, while a still little bit early in the planning cycle, I would say we are still expecting it to be up and with that we are continuing to leverage incremental margins that are higher than current margins and so we are expecting margins to continue to decline in that area as well, even though it might be able, but less in the Middle East/Asia.
Mark McCollum: I would tell you that our goal was to get a 200 basis point improvement in 2014. As of the day we have accomplished that objective. We had hoped that it would be for the entire year Q3, we didn’t quite get there, but we were very close. If it hadn’t been for some of logistics challenges that we had in the month of July, we would have indeed had hit that target. So as we look forward, we are comfortable with where we are at, but I can tell you that really on the face of Battle Red we still got a long way to go. All of our systems are in place, we’ve been working out a lot of the kinks in that process, but a lot of the upsights from that project are still in front of us. On the Frac to the Future side we are only still quarter deployed. We got a long way to go in terms of achieving that. So we are going to continue to work a very, very focused and determine lead to make sure that we capture all that upsight. So as we sit today, we feel very good about our progression and let us know from our standpoint no retreat from our objective of getting 500 basis points over the next couple of years.
Mark McCollum: I don’t know if we could quantify it overall for D&E, but I’d say that the Gulf of Mexico, the loop current issue probably caused us about a penny in the quarter.
