Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. In Q3, we executed another strong quarter, delivering record results for revenue, non-GAAP earnings and operating cash flow. We also implemented a $100 million buyback bringing our total repurchases for the year to $229 million. Further, we continue to expand operating margins and expect to deliver nearly 300 basis points of expansion for the year, reaching approximately 25% non-GAAP operating margin at the midpoint of guidance. We are on track for another outstanding year, reflecting the strength of the first three quarters and a robust outlook that I will provide shortly. First I'll review our Q3 results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated consolidated total revenue of $853 million or 9% growth with a broad based strength across both our segments. Semiconductor & System design revenue was $769 million, while Software Integrity revenue was $84 million. This quarter, our Semiconductor & System Design segment was bolstered by strong customer demand and the timing of customer pull downs of our IP products. EDA software continues to perform very well within the Semiconductor & System Design segment. Although EDA hardware revenue declined year-over-year against a strong Q3 in 2018. Despite quarterly hardware variability, we do expect our total hardware business for the year to meet or exceed last year's record results. Consolidated total GAAP costs and expenses were $725 million, which includes approximately $19 million in restructuring costs. As we work to optimize our resource allocation for sustainable long-term growth. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $636 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 25.4%. At the segment level adjusting -- adjusted operating margins were 27.1% for Semiconductor & System design, and 10.5% for Software Integrity. Note that certain operating expenses such as stock-based compensation, amortization of intangibles, and other expenses that are managed at the consolidated level have not been allocated to our segments. GAAP earnings per share were $0.65 and non-GAAP earnings per share $1.18. Turning to cash, operating cash flow was $370 million, and we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $687 million and total debt of $142 million. Now to our targets, which excludes any revenue in Q4 from companies currently on the government’s Entity List.  For fiscal 2019 revenue of $3.34 billion to $3.37 billion; total GAAP costs and expenses between $2.8 billion and $2.852 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $2.5 billion and $2.532 billion; resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin at the midpoint of approximately 25%; other income and expenses between a minus $4 million and minus $2 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%; operating margins -- outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million; GAAP earnings of $3.11 to $3.24 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $4.52 to $4.57 per share; Cash flow from operations of approximately $750 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $230 million, as $40 million of spending was shifted to fiscal 2020 due to project timing.  Now to the targets for the fourth quarter: Revenue between $830 million and $860 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $701 million and $733 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $630 million and $650 million; other income and expenses between minus $2 million and zero; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%; outstanding shares between $153 million and $156 million; GAAP earnings a $0.69 to $0.82 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $1.10 to $1.15 per shift. To conclude, our execution to three quarters demonstrates our ability to pursue growth in a variety of macroeconomic conditions, while maintaining focus on our longer term operating objectives. We continue to execute very well, both financially and operationally. We are significantly exceeding our beginning of the year objectives with high-single digit revenue growth, substantial operating margin expansion and solid double digit EPS growth.  And we continue to return a large portion of our free cash flow to shareholders in the form of buybacks. With the power of our portfolio and business model, we are confident in our ability to deliver sustainable, long-term shareholder value. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Trac Pham: Yes, let me start with -- answer your question directly. The -- when you look at the profile for EDA, what you're seeing this year is just the variability in emulation hardware. Keep in mind that the hardware piece shows up in two places emulation is in EDA, and then half the FPGA prototyping should show up in IP and systems integration. And so you're seeing variability in that number. If you were to adjust for the hardware piece that's showing up in EDA. And keep in mind that last year was a record year for emulation, you should see a very good, mid to high single digit growth in that area. And that's very much in line with the -- the EDA software is growing in that range, pretty much in line with what we've previously communicated.
Trac Pham: No, I wouldn't look at the deferred as an issue. When I look at the business for Q3, and the quality of our bookings, run rate was up healthy. And we'll -- we're going to show this in our Q next week when we report it that backlog was actually steady from quarter-to-quarter. So from that perspective, the business is growing very nicely.
Trac Pham: Let me address that, let me address the margin piece. Overall, when you look at the margin profile for the business, we've been running pretty steadily at 25% for the year. And when you look at the midpoint for the year, we're on track to hit that number for FY 2019. So there's a pretty strong increase in margins from last year to this year. So what you're seeing is less a mix as opposed to a deliberate and concerted effort to increase the operations. 
Trac Pham: Yes, when we last talked to investors in April, we talked about driving margins to the high-20s by FY 2021 and the 30%. over the longer term. We are -- we remain committed to that. There is no mention specifically about FY 2020. Because we'll come back to you in December and give that more specific guidance, but there is no change to our margin outlook. 
Trac Pham: I think we've done a pretty good job balancing the use of cash for the last few years between M&A, organic investments and buybacks. Our history has shown that we're pretty diligent about returning a substantial amount of free cash flow to -- via buybacks. We haven't changed our approach to that. From quarter-to-quarter, it may vary depending on the situation, but our overarching approach to capital allocation and capital returns remains the same.
Trac Pham: Actually Jay that's not the case. The -- hardware is actually been fairly steady throughout the year, the mix routine emulation and the FPGA prototyping is different than it was last year. But it's -- we're not anticipating a steep ramp up in Q4.
Trac Pham: John, the way that I think about is that over the next couple of years as we drive margins to the high 20s by FY 2021. I would expect that Software Integrity would be approaching closer to the corporate average. Structurally there's nothing in that business that would prevent it from reaching that kind of margins with scale. But the key for us as we evaluate that business, it's still a very nascent opportunity, dynamic opportunity with a lot of competitive environment. So we want to make sure that we're making the right tradeoffs between growth and profitability.
Trac Pham: Hi, John, this is Trac again. I just want to clarify my remarks earlier. I may have left you with the impression that Software Integrity was going to hit the corporate average by FY 2021. It certainly will progress to that, but not necessarily be at the same corporate average in the high 20s.
Trac Pham: No, I don't see seasonality affecting that number at all. I think, while we've reached critical mass with that business being about 10% of overall revenues is still fairly small. So from quarter-to-quarter, depending on the profile of revenues or expenses, you're going to see that bounce around. But the good news is that over the course of multiple years, it's heading in the right direction.
Aart de Geus: Well, we've had the lead position actually for multiple decades. And at any point in time, one has to look at when to make big investments. And over the last few years, we made some very big investments, because we have come to the clear conclusion that individual products would gradually start to not get as good results instead of bringing them together. And so Fusion Compiler is the prime example for that, where the intersection of synthesis with place and route and a few other capabilities, is now generating really good results. And of course, you have high hopes for such a thing, but it's until you have actually real results that customers pay attention. And even then they go through benchmark and then to trying a few blocks and then to gradually institutionalize plan of record utilization over much broader set of chips. And so we introduced Fusion Compiler, I believe, last November or so. And so far, the results are truly stellar. And we're making very rapid advances. So that doesn't mean there's not a lot of work to be done. But it also means that I think we have still better results to deliver because this is the new platform for us.
Aart de Geus: Yes, that's the way we're looking at it. Of course, from quarter-to-quarter, it can vary. It is useful that you highlighted Polaris though. Because I'm a strong believer that right now there's so many companies all dealing with sort of snippets of security all over the place. And for all the large companies at some point in time, they want to have some more stability in how the Head of IT or the CSO, or anybody else who's in-charge of all the software in a company, to have an ability to not only bottom up, bring productivity, because you can destroy productivity if you're not going after security particularly well. But just as much bring some degree of controllership top down as to what portions of the code have actually been verified. And so it's in that context that, while the development of Polaris is a multi-year effort, and we will gradually bring in more and more of our products. The vision is clearly viewed positively and the first implementation with the Coverity tools is actually doing well.
Aart de Geus: Okay, this is a multi-faceted question. But generically speaking, in the semiconductor industry, the variability as a function of up and down revenue is highest for people that supply everything that has to do with volumes or equipment, for example. And is actually lowest for people that have to deal with R&D, because all the R&D plans are multi-year plans. And just because a year is particularly strong or weak, doesn't really change that all that much. Now I’m the first one to say, rich customers are better than poor customers. But nonetheless, the fact remains that we are in a segment and Synopsys particularly has benefited from that, of bringing stability in times of questions, and the ability to really scale rapidly when things go well. Now, simultaneously, I think you asked also a question on the growth of complexity. And there, in many ways the good old Moore's Law [ph], more transistors we sort of know how to do that. And not that it ever gets easier, but it never gotten easier and we've always managed just fine. I think, the interesting new problems that is at the intersection of semiconductors and systems, specifically, when you also connected to software. And we are investing substantially in that. To be honest, I forget if I mentioned, the automotive effort, where we're doing very well. And that's a perfect example of people wanting to test the automotive software before the electronics are done. So systemic complexities is as much of an opportunity for us as anything.
Aart de Geus: Well, everybody, when they go through a tough time, they do look at their budgets, and they reorient towards what will have the most impact. But it's actually fairly rare that people would cut R&D people. And so it's more that they prioritize those things that have the biggest potential as a downturn fades away to come back up. The other maybe comment to make is that this is also a good time where people relook look at the IP, because a lot of companies do their own IP still and they discover that we can provide a large number of extremely sophisticated blocks. And that accelerates their ability to go to market, while not having to use their most valuable engineers on these difficult blocks. So downturns actually have interesting enough opportunity for us because fundamentally, we are a productivity enabling company, and that's what they need.
Aart de Geus: Well, we happen to know them very well. And so I'd be careful what we comment. You may know that I think it’s already in the 80s that there was sort of an effort to see could one make essentially chips that would cover whole wafer and connect them creatively. And at that time, the yields were just too questionable to be able to do that, effectively. Depending on what node you pick now, the yield can be actually very, very good. And so the fact that they're attempting to put such an astronomical number of transistors on a wafer is to say the least one for the Guinness Book of Records. But it will be interesting to see how well this finds utilization by the customer. And I've not yet seen any of the results that you can get in terms of using this on AI machine learning problems. But that's clearly what they're going after.  And generically speaking, I think there is no doubt whatsoever that in the next multiple decades, the hunger for more machine learning computation will be unstoppable. The challenge is going to be, so how do you actually do it in practice, how do you do it at manageable levels of power, how do you connect all of those things? And there's a plethora of efforts with different packaging forms. And the whole wafer approach, I think, at least the pictures I would say were pretty cool. I must say that.
Aart de Geus: Well, I think in general, what we've seen now over multiple years is that the reason IP is growing, is not only because reuse of IP is completely acceptable. So there's no longer any sort of form of macho has got to do my own IP that there is a -- use your best people to solve problems that you can solve by acquisition, as long as the price is right, of course. And so that has continued from a different -- two different dimensions.  One is that many of these IP blocks themselves have grown in complexity dramatically. And so the USB family that I mentioned went through different versions. And the first ones look pretty simple. But the last ones aren’t most definitely not simple. And then on top of that these different generations of computation and these blocks are implemented in the most advanced silicon technology. And so you get sort of a multiplicative effect of difficulty. And this is precisely why I think this is a very strong business for Synopsys. Because, we've gone through pretty much every challenge and difficulty in getting these things to work.  And far from me to say that it's perfect, but we have a trust relationship with the customer where at the end of the day, we make things work. And I think we are great provider to continue to see that. Maybe one more comment. Large companies have used IP often on and now starting to grow their IP utilization. And actually, it ties directly to the previous question of how -- can you increase productivity in market times that may be more challenging. But the other observation is that new startup companies, they never think twice about it, it's immediately what can I put on the shopping list.  And now I have to do all the rest. And suddenly, all the AI startups fall in that category. So I do think that we have a very good run path or roadmap for this. Not that these IP box will ever be simple, but I think the very fact that they're complex is good for us.
Aart de Geus: Well, starting at the beginning of your question, one of the reasons at least for us, and I think we are a little different than our competitors, because we are focusing really very hard at the intersection between hardware and software, we think that's where the biggest opportunity space is. Now that our machines cannot also be used with just simulation acceleration.  And so that space on its own, in my opinion, is going to continue to grow because more and more people want to run software on systems where the time to build the systems is long, and the risks if they don't check it out early is that they will miss the windows, on the market. So therefore, the software and the hardware has to be developed in parallel. And so we support that I think extremely well, and literally from day-to-day better. And again, maybe the most visible simple example is automotive, where putting a car together takes five to seven years. And so if you start to software at the last hour, this thing will never go to market. The second comment is now specifically on our technology. We are FPGA based and so we have the benefit of being able to move forward with the different generations of FPGAs, we have excellent relationships with the people that provide those. And so we are any point in time well clued in as to what will matter and what will not. And our developments just continues.  Lastly, you said that old systems can hang around for a long time? Yes, they do. And I think nothing wrong with that it's great return on investment for our customers. But at the same time new systems are substantially faster and have more capacity. And that is precisely what Synopsys has driven for a number of years in unexpectedly successful ways.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well for Cig, there's no question in our mind that’s the acquisition of Cigital, but most importantly, the integration of Cigital with the product lines of Coverity and Black Duck and a few others, who have been absolutely essential. Because the Cig team is extremely capable of engaging with high level people and companies that are looking at how do they start getting a handle on security, as software is being developed. And that is precisely where we're focusing. And so, I think that that integration has gone in many ways better than we would have hoped and is now in full utilization to continue to sell other product. It's interesting that you use the term services in IP, and I think it's probably right on, because IP is something between products and services. A number of the IP cores get optimized for specific customers or specific technologies. And increasingly, we're assembling subsystems under the directive, or together with the customer to drive their capabilities forward. And so, while we don't really call out a particular service business, these multi-year IP transactions invariably have all kinds of development plans associated with them.
Aart de Geus: Well, I think it's a little hard to predict what's going to happen in that situation. And as we said, early in the preamble, we are sort of cautious to not make too many comments about China, as a number of our customers really need a certain degree of, let's say, privacy on that situation. In general, not just China, any place in the world will be happy to sell things that people want for a longer duration and assets. Most of the larger IP transactions are multi-years, because the delivery of these large blocks themselves take some time. And secondly, the integration of those blocks into very sophisticated chips need support. And so multi-year transactions are absolutely the norm.
Aart de Geus: We're sort of in the category the more the merrier, right? Leaning that, we are believers that the demand for electronic capabilities is insatiable. But the technology limits are very real. And so, while conceptually, it sounds relatively straightforward, why don't you just stack them on top of each other, like a high rise. We often forget that there's a big difference between a memory and a processor, because the memory is already a stack device today. Whereas the processor is also a massive heat source. And so when you stack things, and there's also a lot of heat, you need -- suddenly it becomes complicated. Now, out of that, nonetheless, there are a lot of efforts to look at different forms of packaging. And we've seen this before, by the way. And we've seen that in the early 2000s, when the world was, hey, we're never going to go to smaller transistors. And then out of nowhere came, 15 years of FinFET. And then suddenly the interest for stacking was a little lessened. But I think he's going to come back and we're very involved in that. But it is truly a set of decision making that has both technology and economic constraints.  And I do have high hopes that because of the demand that will overtime actually pay for some of these more expensive approaches. That's why we're all in on this.
Aart de Geus: Well, I'm using Fusion as the best example, because it's the most powerful conjunction of multiple technologies, working extremely well together. Synthesis creates the structure of a circuit, place-and-route determines the actual location of everything. And those are the fundamental problems. But there are more technologies in that and surrounded by it. And so for example, you also want to optimize for timing for the lower power, maybe for some degree of yields and so on. And so you can already see from that discussion that you have multiple forces interacting. And I think the strength of the approach that we have taken is that we have created an environment that allows us to bring all of these forces to bear at the same time. And what is exciting is that we are now winning hard benchmarks on the basis of putting this to use.  What is also exciting is that I think it still has a long way to go in terms of further advances. But, our customers are pretty pragmatic. They've worked very hard to optimize circuits even a little bit. And so if you can get truly better results, and you can get them much sooner, they will move pretty quickly.
Aart de Geus: The split of 60-40 is nothing new. We’ve had that in the late 90s. And it's all a question of what do you call a systems company and what do you call a semi company. Typically, semi is when you stop at the chip, you finish the chip and then you sell it to somebody else. A system company tends to move from there and add to the chip, the software, the package, whatever all the electromechanical things. And now -- so a phone company, a phone -- mobile phone provider would be a system company. And so the -- it's sort of a continuum between those. And what is interesting from our perspective is that, while many years ago, we clearly started in a very chip centric fashion. The importance of software was recognized by Synopsys already about 10 years ago. And we started at that time to invest in the verification and prototyping to verify things together. But we, by the way, also about five and half years ago invested in software, because we realized that software could become the killer in terms of getting to market with something that actually works.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Yes, that's an acquisition that's not closed yet and therefore we would not put it in guidance, but it's also not material in terms of size. But it is an exciting acquisition, because it fits right into the center of that picture that I just painted of automotive companies looking at the software and the hardware simultaneously. And this company in particular has very good technology and experts in looking at how you test situations like that. For the aficionados in the room it’s called software in the loop, but that's probably going too deep on this topic.
Aart de Geus: Okay, I guess that brings us to the end of this earnings release. Thank you so much for spending time with us. Hopefully, you took away that we sense a quite good degree of momentum and push forward. And that notwithstanding some of the turbulences around us, Synopsys is actually doing both very well, I think very stable in this context. So thank you for your support and questions.
