Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. In Q2, we closed another excellent quarter and continued to execute very well, even in the context of a challenging semiconductor environment. Our results reflect solid growth in revenue and non-GAAP earnings, strong business levels and significant cash flow generation. Based on our performance in the first half and visibility to the rest of the year, we're raising our 2016 outlook for revenue and operating cash flow, and raising the midpoint of non-GAAP earnings per share guidance. Now to the numbers, as I talk through Q2 results and 2016 targets, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue increased 9% to $605 million. Growth was solid across all product platforms, with particular strength in hardware. Over 90% of revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog, and one customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue. The weighted average duration of customer license commitments was approximately 2.3 years, which reflects normal quarterly fluctuation based on the mix of agreements. We expect the average for the full year to be approximately three years. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $518 million, and total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $452 million, within our target range. Non-GAAP operating margin was 25%. GAAP earnings per share were $0.45, and non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.81, at the high end of our target range. We generated $222 million of operating cash flow. Collections were strong, including a few large payments that came in earlier than expected. Based on the strength of our first half results and outlook for the year, we're raising our 2016 operating cash flow target to a range of $510 million to $530 million. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $960 million, with 14% onshore and total debt of $250 million. We completed the $200 million accelerated share repurchase plan initiated in Q1 and bought back 4.5 million shares. As we’ve previously communicated, we plan to increase buybacks this year to reduce the share count. We have $300 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. In addition, we closed a couple of small acquisitions, adding products and technology to augment our internal development in key areas. DSO was 45 days, down from 57 in Q1, due largely to strong collections. We ended Q2 with 10,360 employees, with nearly half in lower cost geographies. The increase in headcount was due to acquisitions and planned hiring. Now to third quarter and fiscal 2016 guidance, which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For 2013, the targets are; revenue between $595 and $610 million. As we’ve previously communicated, we expect more variability in quarterly revenue driven by factors such as our growing hardware business, which generates upfront revenue, along with the timing of our consulting business. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $517 and $536 million, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $463 and $473 million; other income between 0 and $2 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million; GAAP earnings of $0.42 to $0.51 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.72 to $0.75 cents per share. For 2016, we're raising our revenue target to $2.36 to $2.4 billion; other income between $4 and $6 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 153 million and 156 million; GAAP earnings of $1.67 to $1.79 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $2.95 to $3.00 per share; capital expenditures of approximately $80 million; and cash flow from operations of $510 million to $530 million. In summary, our Q2 results were excellent, highlighted by solid top and bottom-line growth and significant cash flow generation. Our priorities remain centered on managing the business to maximize long-term shareholder value, with solid execution, a disciplined approach to managing expenses, and our continued emphasis on investments to drive sustainable growth and profitability. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Trac Pham: Hi, Tom. Yes, Q2 was actually a very strong quarter for hardware and we saw strength in both emulation and has prototyping. That leads us to increase the guidance for this year. The large part leads to us increasing guidance for the year, but as you notice the growth across the different products, we're also very -- it will across multiple product lines.
Trac Pham: I'm sorry Kris, you're asking about the -- all the currency, yes, the only currency that would affect us is yen, but for the year, we expect about a 1% headwind from FX.
Trac Pham: Yes, combination. Obviously, it will be the normal seasonality from Q2 to Q3 as well as COGS as well as the merit increases that we'll experience in Q3.
Trac Pham: Long-term our model is focused on high single-digit EPS and the balance for us is targeting [ph] between whatever that revenue growth is with margin expansion to make that work.
Trac Pham: As we talked about in the past, the mix of revenue that as talked about is on the EDA side. The core EDA side is low to mid-single-digits. IP and systems in the low double-digits and then on the software integrity side, probably in the 20% range.
Trac Pham: Monica, it's just the normal nature of the profile. We -- based on how we executed in the first half, we feel pretty good about the guidance that we've given for the full year and the visibility for Q3, that's a pretty reasonable forecast and so there's nothing unusual about the quarter-on-quarter change.
Aart de Geus: Well, the answer is yes. And the problem is the change is not necessarily all that positive because it was pretty flat last quarter as well. And so I think in general the semiconductor industry is under quite a bit of transitional pressure and that is not necessarily a negative thing because I think there are great opportunities coming, but while the transition is occurring, clearly people clearly feel stressed, there's a lot of -- there's been, I should say, quite a bit of M&A, there is a bit of restructuring and so on. These are all preparations for the next wave. And we are thankful that we've been able to do quite well in this landscape and to be able to continue to invest strongly for this next wave of technology that is getting prepared, but meanwhile there's no question the semiconductor market field that is quite stressed.
Aart de Geus: Well, first I think, yes, it has been very much as planned and you have heard us talk about it in not over-the-top terms, I think, for a number of quarters acknowledging that whenever there is change, there's some adaptation, need for synergies on the part of the customer. But we've also said during that these changes, invariably; there are opportunities where part of helping customers move forward is to also become a broader set -- part of their solution. Bring efficiency to them by virtue of having tools that work together that maybe before came up from a variety of sources. And so as far as we're concerned of the main areas, or sorry, of the main transactions, we're through those and there will be undoubtedly more coming down the pike, but there's no evidence that it would be yet another year like 2015.
Aart de Geus: Let me go backwards, the answer is yes, we're tracking towards that number and we see good long-term opportunity here because as we all well know, software is the fragile link in these much more sophisticated systems and fragility is accentuated by hackers that are trying to take advantage of this. Having said that, just to be sharp, what I tried to communicate is that we are in the process of putting the final touches on a Sign-Off Platform and we have a large set of technologies. The reason I say in the process because this is work-in-progress this year. As you probably know we acquired at least three or four companies last year, all with quite different, but enormously additive technologies around the security angle and this is all being integrated into the fundamental platform that we acquired with Coverity which was very well suited because it has a profound understanding of software. And so the -- of course these tools are all available and for sale and being sold and some actually quite well right now. But the interesting part is the notion of Software Sign-Off is being received very, very positively. And I think the alignment with under righteous [ph] laboratories is just a fabulous example of how our technology can be instrumental and central to really bringing about the next generation of certifications that will be needed for many products.
Aart de Geus: The answer is yes, meaning that the software clearly is one of these surfaces that has the most attack points. And it's sort of ridiculous in many ways to not eradicate those software vulnerabilities that can be found automatically. But it's easy to say ridiculous because in practice, it's not so easy. And so the first effort has to be to bring about executable discipline and the tools that automate this as much as possible. That's what we're doing. On the other side, at the root of all of this, is having to rely on hardware that is safe and secure. And there -- at the root of that trust lies algorithms and encryption technologies that are being added more and more to a variety of chips and systems and we have an encryption core, for example, that is finding good interest. To round this all out, obviously, this is a holistic proposition, meaning ultimately things get defeated by the weakest link. And so the more companies can take a holistic approach on security, the better. That will take some time, but there's no doubt that both by need and capabilities, we can see future where this will be more automated and we're intending to be a leader on the software automation of that.
Aart de Geus: Excellent question, because if you look at the system houses, many of them develop software and then they also use software from others. And it's always interesting to go to people that manage very sophisticated supply chains like automotive, for example, and ask them are you using any open source software and they would immediately say of course not, it's way too dangerous and too many weaknesses and vulnerabilities in that. And then you ask them do you get software from anybody else? And then they sort of somewhat cheapishly look around the table, realizing that yes, there's a lot of software that creeps in via their suppliers. And that's just another way of saying what is arguably one of the most sophisticated supply chains, the automotive supply chain and has done so for safety reasons for decades is now moving rapidly to do same on the software side and that is why these certifications are as much -- exiting certification, meaning you develop some software and you have to display that its safe as well as incoming certification meaning that you incorporate some software from somebody else and you want to verify that it is indeed safe.
Aart de Geus: Sure, well, our run rate continues to grow again this quarter, but we can clearly hear from the customers that there is a bit of churn and questioning and deciding where to cut and where to reinvest. And I agree with you. Maybe I should not have used the word tough because these tend to be more emotional than descriptive. I think it is really an industry that is going through a renewal again, and both technically and economically, things go up and then they gradually mature and then it's time to invest in the next generation and the next generation means the next silicone technologies, next design, next software and there's no question the computational capability of the hardware now multiplied by some of the newer breakthroughs in software will enable some products that are hard to imagine but that we will all understand the minute we see them. And the challenge is that until these have economic impact, it's an industry that is evolving. In that context, though, our focus has been very much on how much can we enable this and we enable it literally very much from the deep silicone, i.e. the generations of FinFET technologies through design, through verification, and now in early fashion, in helping enable better software. And so I think we're well-positioned. We should not underestimate and we should be helpful to our customers as they go through their challenges, but our industry I think has an opportunity to do well.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Let me say that Q2 bookings were strong and we saw growth in run rates for Q2. The 2.3 years of duration is just a function of the deals we booked in Q2. As we've said in the past that will vary from quarter-to-quarter depending on the mix of business we booked. Keep in mind that in Q1, we actually had a good quarter and our duration was 3.7. So, it can change quite a bit from quarter-to-quarter. We still expect for the full year, we'll end up around three years of duration.
Aart de Geus: Well, in general, if you lump all of those together, you would have most soft core EDA which I think the trailing 12 months is somewhere between 8% and 9% growth. So, it has been very good. You mentioned a number of the categories that clearly stand out as having been very solid. Aside of the place and route space where we have enormous amount of involvement with customers. We also see that the verifications space is growing rapidly. And there is a reason for that which is that the verification space which many years ago for us was dealing with hardware circuitry, i.e. chips; today is very much at the intersection between hardware and software. And that's just another way to say people would like to exercise their software on hardware they don't have yet and so for that they use a simulation or emulation and that will continue to grow in my opinion. In that context, all of these fields also need continuously faster, higher capacity tools because the chips and the systems are growing in complexity. Now, around these tools are number of very fundamental tools such as all the Sign-Off tools and back in before timing, it can also be for physical verification. Those continue to do very well also because tolerance for errors, of course, are very low given that the cost of having to redo a chip is extremely high and the tools are technically doing very well and that I think and that we expect that to continue to be another solid part of our business. So, maybe what's remarkable about this quarter is that it's been doing well across the Board. And finally on Custom Compiler, I think this is finally the result of not only a large amount of internal development, but also on the integration of a number of tools that we've had and acquisitions that we've made. This was complex work and took maybe longer than what we wanted, but the result is actually quite impressive and now we're entering the market with this and it will be interesting to see how much we can do.
Aart de Geus: So, first about the ZeBu versus HAPS, and really its ZeBu HAPS and the rest of the verification continuum because at a minimum one should throw in the VCS simulator and a virtual prototyping, because those four tools are clearly part of a continuum depending on how much detail you want to look at versus how much speed you want to achieve. And so if you look at virtual prototyping and HAPS, they tend to set at the high architectural level or where software development needs to be really running blindingly fast. ZeBu is more at the intersection, VCS is clearly a little a -- is closer to the hardware side. And so yes, we have customers that have literally all of them, but it's also true that most customers have their own religion on verification depending on where they come from and that invariably determines how they enter this space and they are always surprised that there other ways of looking at it. So, I think there's a lot of opportunity to push this forward.
Aart de Geus: Yes. Your question about COGS was -- cost of license was up for the quarter and that was driven by hardware.
Aart de Geus: Well, the hiring wavelength from different products tend to be somewhat arbitrary as a function of are we shifting some resources from one product to another? Are there areas we want to emphasize more? Is there development going? Is there some need to connect the tools to each other more? So, there can be many reasons behind that which may be an elegant way of not quite answering your question. On the AEs, there's no question that demands from the customers for more support is unabated. And this is especially true as they are trying to look at how to save money on their own resources. And by the way, the skills that we have are quite unique and helping make them successful. I would add to that the other thing is that we are really proliferating quite a number of very powerful and successful products, but the proliferation itself require some effort. Last but not least there is a continual readjustment in terms of the geographies because different geographies are growing at different paces and they are sort of waves you need to engage in more. And it's an ongoing evolution of the company. I was personally not aware there was such a change on the hiring side. So, I guess you see something I don't know about yet.
Aart de Geus: Well, as we have said for a long time is our objective continues to be in the mid-20s. We simultaneously also have continued to invest substantially in a number of new areas and techniques and the investment in the software integrity space is a good example of that. And where we are continuing to actually believe that this is a good move, it does take time to grow our business that has major impact on a company the size of Synopsys. But we are continuing on our track to grow earnings per share well. And so in the balances of all this, our objective is to do well in the EPS year-to-year and at the same time, make sure that we invest sufficiently in the long-term, especially in light of the opportunities that are being looked at by many of our customers.
Aart de Geus: Yes. The automotive is an interesting field because it's a feel that in the past was not only not very large in semiconductor, it was also viewed as extremely stogy, meaning slow moving and for many good reasons, right, safety was very key and so the development plans were very lengthy. That has changed quite radically because not only the increase on the electric side of car propulsion, but much more intensely on the control ADAS, the automatic driving, these are all revolutionary concepts that just a few years ago looked like science fiction and today are visibly in action and so the race is very much on. Well, that has brought about that's automation companies and their suppliers often refer to as the tier-1 suppliers are fully engaged in doing advanced design and looking at FinFET technologies and looking at computation to support a variety of digital intelligence capabilities. While those are all interesting and I think we're extremely well-placed for those because we certainly have FinFET experience, we can help them with that and we have also product that stretches all the way into the software and most importantly touches the security angles which, of course, are immensely important. So, from that perspective I think we will continue to do well and actually better and better and actually I think we have a number of companies in the automotive area that have done quite well with us in the last few quarters.
Aart de Geus: Well, thank you very much for attending this conference call again. I think we concluded a strong quarter against a somewhat turbulent background, but we're continuing to invest in things that are quite important for the future and I think we were placed certainly to deliver against the expectations for this year. As usual, please join us for the after-hour calls here. Thank you.
