Aart de Geus: I would say that in general, it's become more positive. No question about that, in terms of the outlook from our customers. Now they are all reporting the same thing, which is a lack of capacity, thus pricing going up and all in all, that doesn't feel bad for them. Having said that, their sale are maintaining, their watchfulness on the cost side of the equation. And I think that as more money becomes available from an R&D point of view, that money will go on those areas where there can be more differentiation. One key [ph] of evidence for that would be the very fact that we've seen some of these -- the number of designs in 40-nanometer actually tweak up. So that's not a surprise, because last year actually, it sort of slowed down, and now people are catching up. So all in all, I would say it's a better environment.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well I think it finally hasn't changed all that much. I think companies are either trying to survive or trying to grow. Typically, if you have a market that overall is not changing all that much, that makes for a very competitive market. But then you know, I mean they can't be all thinking that it's always been very competitive and that the rate for technology keeps going, and over time, that's what determine how well the company does. I don't know about any specific deal that you're referring to, but I can only communicate that on the large things we been doing. We've been able to maintain essentially a flattish run rate of slightly positive, so far so good for us.
Aart de Geus: Obviously, we'll give more precise guidelines at the beginning of the year. But I don't think that there's anything that is out of the ordinary in terms of more or less renewals. And one of the positives of course of our model is that it is extremely stable, and that we managed the backlog in such a fashion that we have an ongoing good cash flow and good profitability level. On the other hand, it's also true that we will gradually come out of the recession because the contracts are very stable. And once that is the case, then there's an opportunity to work with customers, say, what else do you need, and have you grown your R&D expenses?. So we are really preparing for that late in the year '11.
Aart de Geus: Not really. As a matter of fact, we've done reasonably well in Europe, given the situation that the entire continent is facing. I think the question mark, that's the macro question mark, not just for us but in general, is going to be what are the currency fluctuations that come out of the fact that Europe is now going through the realigning of some of its issues, but that has nothing to do with us. And so overall, in Europe, we've done quite well and that includes by the way, good efforts on the Custom Designer side, where we've had some very active and very successful customers with it.
Aart de Geus: Well, I don't think it changes much, in terms of the overall landscape. We clearly have invested in this area now for a long period of time, and have built a, not only a great portfolio but also a great business model and a great ability to deliver high quality. Now in parallel to that, we, as you have seen recently, have increased our efforts to also provide the systems of verification and design solution, and the CoWare and VaST acquisitions were just recent manifestations of that. But obviously, in the last two years before that, we have already invested there. And so as we're looking at this picture, it is only our believers that turned amount of the, or a substantial amount of the functionality is moving from the chips to the System-on-Chip, and the System-on-Chip, by virtue of its terminology, includes those software and hardware. And as a matter of fact, most semiconductor vendors have more than half of their engineers on the software. And so our business really is in three dimensions, that is the systems dimension, the RTL and its physical dimension, and all three are quite well aligned for that.
Aart de Geus: Well, that was quick. I assume that, that means that our comments were what you were looking for. As usual, we are available for questions afterwards, and we appreciate the time you've spent with us. Have a good rest of the day.
Brian Beattie: Yes, absolutely. When you look at our guidance for the year, we have factored in the three new acquisitions into that guidance, and effectively tightened our range and raised that slightly to reflect that. The core business itself, all of the existing business is right on track for the year as well. So we've raised it, just really to reflect the acquisitions in there. As you know, with software purchase accounting, there's very significant haircuts that come in, and we indicated that while the expenses fully come in as the employees come on board, we did reflect about a half a quarter of expenses in the base. So it becomes slowly diluted for the year, as what we indicated. And not withstanding that, held on to the total EPS guidance that we issued earlier. And then looking out to next year, clearly, we'd expect still some impact from that haircut, from the deferred revenues that we acquire, but clearly, that will be built into our revenue guidance that we projected in December for FY '11.
Brian Beattie: Well, typically again, these are smaller type deals. They're typically dilutive for the first 12 months. So I think we'd start to see a positive contribution from those in FY '11.
Brian Beattie: Yes, we are. The company has a full hedging program, and I'd just lay it out for a second for you. All of our revenue currencies, our U.S. dollars, except for the yen, and we effectively hedged on a rolling basis going forward for revenues. So we're already as you'd imagine, halfway covered through FY '11 on the hedge for revenues. In the other currencies in the countries we operate, where local currencies come into effect, we have all the major currencies hedged and we have a rolling forecast of those hedges. So again, no surprises as we approach the year. We'd anticipate having 60%, 70%, 80% even, of all our expenses fully hedged, both expenses and revenues, for a matter of fact. So we'd be very good shape and very predictable.
