Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. I’m very pleased with our strong start to the year. In Q1, we continued to build on our momentum from 2016 as we achieved financial results that exceeded our expectations across all key metrics. We posted double-digit revenue and earnings growth, expanded operating margins, and generated considerable cash flow. In addition, we returned $100 million to shareholders in the form of buybacks. Based on our excellent Q1 performance and confidence in the rest of the year, we are raising our 2017 outlook for revenue, earnings, and cash flow. Now to the numbers: As I talk through the results and targets, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue increased 15% to $653 million, with strong results across the entire product portfolio. The upside relative to our target range was due mostly to timing of hardware sales and IP consulting deliverables. 90% of revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog, and one customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue. The weighted average license duration was approximately 2.8 years, and we expect the 2017 average to be about 3 years. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $556 million, which includes a restructuring charge of $12 million, part of our plan to align resources to position the company for long-term growth. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $477 million, slightly below our target range. Q1 non-GAAP operating margin was 27%, driven by strong top-line growth and better-than expected expenses. For the year, we expect solid margin expansion over 2016 when the modest dilution from Cigital and Codiscope is excluded. GAAP earnings per share were $0.56. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.94, above our target range, due to strong operational execution and the timing of hardware and IP revenue. We generated $47 million in operating cash flow, even with the outflows from our 2016 annual incentive compensation payments. Collections were very strong, reflecting some large payments that came in earlier than expected. We are raising our 2017 target to a range of $500 to $520 million. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $966 million, with 16% onshore, and total debt of $320 million. In Q1, we returned $100 million to shareholders through our stock buyback program. In 2017, we intend to slightly reduce share count, and we have $335 million remaining on our current authorization. Now to the quarter and fiscal 2017 guidance. For Q2, the targets are: Revenue between $665 and $680 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $560 and $579 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $507 and $517 million; other income between negative $1 and $1 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 152 million and 155 million; GAAP earnings of $0.51 to $0.59 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.85 to $0.88 per share. For 2017: revenue of $2.58 billion to $2.61 billion, a growth rate of 6.5% to 8%; other income between $2 million and $6 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 152 million and 155 million; GAAP earnings of $2.01 to $2.12 per share; we’re raising the mid-point of our non-GAAP earnings target range by $0.04 to $3.21 to $3.26 per share. Capital expenditures of about $100 million; and cash flow from operations of $500 to $520 million. As we look to the remainder of 2017, we now expect total revenue to be skewed to the first half of the year due to the timing of hardware and other deliverables. As a result, non-GAAP earnings per share will be higher in the first half. Investors should expect continued quarterly variability in revenue due to the growth of our hardware business and its upfront revenue recognition. In summary, in Q1, we delivered double-digit growth in revenue and earnings, and generated solid cash flow. Based on our excellent Q1 performance, strong Q2 outlook, and confidence in the rest of the year – we are raising our 2017 outlook for revenue, earnings, and cash flow. Lastly, we will continue to manage the business for the long-term benefit of shareholders through an appropriate combination of investing in the business to drive sustainable earnings growth and returning capital to shareholders in the form of stock buybacks. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Trac Pham: Hi, Gary, this is Trac. You’re heading the right direction. Certainly when we entered the year our plan was, from a revenue perspective, certainly skewed more in the second half versus the first half of the year. What we’re seeing in Q1 and what we’re seeing in our outlook for Q2 is that the profile of both hardware and IP has skewed towards the front half. So that’s affecting the profile. Overall we still feel – in fact feel better about our outlook for revenue this year despite that profile.
Trac Pham: Certainly, as we – and that’s factored into the overall mix. We’ve talked about that segment growing in the 20% to 25% range we are cognizant of how that grows as an overall mix. And so when we talk about the long-term growth rates and earnings growth rate, that’s factored in.
Trac Pham: Krish, revenue is actually up. When you look at the year-over-year comparison on a trailing 12-month basis, it’s actually up very healthfully, 8.5% year-over-year and then 6% on a trailing 12-month basis.
Trac Pham: Hi, Krish. You’re referring to 606, the new revenue recognition rules. We have been working on this for a number of years and working closely with our auditors as well as the regulators. And first of all, let me remind you that this won’t take effect for us until FY2019, so there’s a lot of time for us to implement it. But right now, based on the work that we’ve done, we feel very confident that most of our ratable models should stay in place.
Trac Pham: No, Jason. The maintenance and service line should reflect the strength in IP. And then, in this quarter when we completed the Cigital acquisition, that business should flow through that line as well.
Trac Pham: As I said, we will look at what’s necessary to bring the share count down to the guidance range. And we continue to evaluate whether or not it’s expense to do an ASR or an open market. But that remains to be determined.
Trac Pham: Hey, Mitch, this is Trac. It will vary quarter-to-quarter. We typically don’t see it necessarily increasing through the year. And it will vary depending on the profile of revenues and that could flow depending on hardware or IP services. And then throughout the year, what we’ll see is the change in variable comp as it – particularly on the commission side as it ramps up depending on shipments. So I would not interpret that as something – a longer-term trend.
Aart de Geus: In general, when the customers feel that they have a good year, everybody is a little bit more pleasant to deal with, as you would expect. At the same time, I’ve said many, many times that the growth rate of the semiconductor industry in aggregate over multi-years is really about 4% to 4.5%. The fact that from different years there can be big swings, is more a function of individual product lines and rhythms within the buying market than anything else. Nonetheless, though, I think if there is one positive I would take out of this, is that the predictions that we’ve made now for of a number of years that electronics would bring about a wave of new opportunities through this whole notion of a smart everything, you can also call it machine learning or digital intelligence, is starting to become visible. I think that is very exciting because if you have something that’s a little bit smart, the one thing you want it is to be smarter. And one way to make it to smarter is to give it more compute power. We can see that the pressure and the push for advanced nodes is very solidly driving this notion forward and it’s becoming increasingly real. All you have to look at is how immensely powerful automatic driving cars are, and yet how immensely far they still have to go before you can completely trust them. That’s all good news for us. It’s in that context that the combination of hardware is getting better leads to software that is much more performance. That leads to applications that really, I think, will wow us in the years to come. I think there is a little bit of that in this picture as well.
Aart de Geus: In many ways you answered your own question. You said at the beginning of the year we were cautious because we felt it was fairly difficult to predict a part of the hardware waves. And you were right because we have not predicted such a strong Q1; and the fact that Q2 is a strong follow up is only encouraging. But it’s also true that we want to remain cautious. That when you look at in aggregate, raising a year is a big year when you do better early in the year, but many things can happen. There’s no indication of bad news, it’s just that we are digesting the good news, I think, at a slightly slower clip than being too aggressive.
Aart de Geus: Sure. I think we have – it was close about halfway in the quarter. So far, the integration is, on both sides, a lot of learning while making sure that we continue to execute well. And I can state that the execution appears to be on track based on the plans that they have. But the opportunity really is how does, in this case, one plus one really be more than two, in that the services can help accelerate a broader adoption of the tools. Because the services tend to interact with high levels, in the strategic levels, in a company. And how can the tools be a wonderful add-on to a service business that is already quite performance in some of the market segments, most notably the financial services market segment. Having said that, I don’t want to minimize at all the challenge of that learning because Synopsys fundamentally has been a product Company more than service Company. We, of course, have a very large support force that service requires a certain set of behaviors. We are step-by-step broadening the Cigital capability on a world-wide basis, which is a great opportunity, and at the same time making sure that both teams are well educated on the offerings that we have. I think we are well on track to create something that is stronger again. That belief is bolstered somewhat by the fact that the non-Cigital part of Synopsys, of SIG, did well again. And I think we have alluded to that the last few conference calls, that the predictability of that business, the number of large deals, was on a very good track. And so that gives us a degree of solidity that gave us additional courage to make this move.
Aart de Geus: Well. The lead times really at this point in time are only a marginal issue because typically we can execute within a quarter or so. Now of course if an order comes in late e in the quarter then typically it would not have much impact revenue-wise in that quarter. Regarding the linearity, of course I understand that many of you are trying to handicap how good the rest of the year looks. I think what we’re fundamentally communicating is that our guidance at the beginning of the year turned out to be more conservative than the first quarter delivered and therefore we made some changes. But we are maybe a conservative Company, or fundamentally we try to execute to what we say we will do. And that’s why after the first quarter we don’t want to change guidance too much. Having said that, run rates grew again. I think we have many customers that are actually quite interested in the emulation part of the business, in the prototyping part of the business, because they’re going more and more into the hardware-software part of the space that determines their time to market. And so it’s well possible that the second half of the year turns out to be strong. It’s just that we don’t have visibility to that. Yes.
Aart de Geus: These are quite distinct markets because they have different catches both in speed but also in the ability to debug and look at things. At the same time, one of the very strengths that our verification platform has, is that it can be used very much as a continuum. Meaning that one can do parts of the design in the VCS software simulator, one can do part of it in emulation or in the prototyping boards. And we will continue on that track, because if we can execute well on that, while each one of these products from version to version will get faster again and higher capacity, the fact that they work well together is actually an asset for Synopsys.
Aart de Geus: Well. As you were listing them, I kept thinking about all the other products that are positively impacted too. Because while things like IoT, machine learning, automotive are going growing very rapidly, they pull with them an unbelievable need for more capacity and everything that connects to the cloud, to a massive amount of computing and therefore the bandwidth and the storage that goes with that. I think that is why, as much as a lot of people call this the age of internet of things, the internet of things is almost more a catalyst to growth in all of these other dimension than anything else. Now if you look at our products, there is no question that some of the products that have done particularly well happened to touch the areas that you mentioned. And so IT is particularly relevant in people that want to very quickly do complex systems where they don’t want to build all the blocks themselves. And our IP blocks have literally been honed over many, many years and are constantly pushing the state-of-the-art. I mentioned already the verification of this intersection between hardware and software. For us the promise of the software space, we originally got into that by realizing that software complexity was starting to rival hardware complexity, and that the penalty for errors was rapidly moving up. Penalty for errors in hardware has always been high. Software, as I said, you could get away with patches. But that’s not the case when the software drives things of very high value all the way to cars and human lives and so on. And so you amend that with the very fact that there is a world of hacking that really with nothing good in mind. You can see that the need for high degrees of discipline in the software space is a necessity, even if it will take some time before development flows get there. And so that is the mission that we are on. While this is a new market, it’s particularly rewarding now as we start to see that we are interacting with companies that literally five years ago we would never have dreamed of talking to. And we’re talking insurance companies, health companies, banking consortia, and so on. And these are all people that use software and use it in the context of very high-value propositions. So they need to be safe and they need to be efficient.
Aart de Geus: For many, many decades most positions have always been shared in various ways. There are a few that are sole positions or there are a few that where one or the other company is massively dominant. But we are in field where constant advances are constantly being explored. And we have been very fortunate to do very well in this. But our investment continues to be at the high speed and to race forward. Customers will look at anything that helps them but they are also increasingly benefiting from the collaboration that comes out of fairly deep long-term relationships. Yes.
Aart de Geus: Well, in general, we compete intensely for this market that continues to push hard and in some cases accelerate their need for technical advances. And so as you know, there are not that many players in our field. And so it’s a healthy and good thing that we are both pushing hard. Synopsis has had the benefit of having a portfolio that is both well-anchored and quite complete and increasingly very well integrated in platforms that are helpful for the customers time to market and risk reduction. All of these are probably statements that some of our competitors would make about themselves as well. And we never underestimate them, but we are both providing tools that are sort of similar to race cars, the faster they go, the better for the customer.
Aart de Geus: Well, I think at a macro level, if you look at all of these products taken together, they’re fundamentally anchored at least to a large portion, not entirely, in the semiconductor industry. Per an earlier question, notwithstanding the year-to-year differences, the semiconductor industry has had a fairly steady growth rate and with steady R&D expenditures, and therefore fairly steady EDA growth all in all. Within individual product groups, and especially when you connect them together in coherent platforms, there are actually very big changes in products in a matter of two to three years as on moves to the next generation. And these changes invariably are around finding a way to dramatically improve one of three characteristics. Either characteristics of the quality of results, meaning the power of the chips or the performance of the chips, or the time to results, meaning make the product run much faster, or the cost of results which is reduce the area of chips. These evolutions are not linear because often you work for two or three years on a set of profound algorithms and then suddenly it makes a difference. If you look at a little bit higher level, and this is where sort of intersects with the strategy for a Company, the big inflection points from my perspective have been the addition of the IP business to EDA. And this, of course, now already quite a number of years ago but now it is a significant portion of our business. I’ve alluded the last couple of years to the inflection that is coming with the addition of the software side of hardware-software. And it’s not a surprise that so many of the verification expenditures are increasingly focusing on that. And then we have predicted that the software side itself would go through this by virtue of the complexity growth. And so that is how we are looking at our opportunity space. And to the earlier question of how does our financial profile evolve, be it in growth and profitability, while we’re managing Synopsys as a portfolio of a number of specialty areas that are very related but somewhat independent in their growth spurts. And in large arrangements with customers, the allocation of the individual revenue streams can be somewhat fuzzy just by virtue of accommodating how the customer wants to look at it. I’m not sure I completely answered your question sharply, but I did give, I think, what I think are the big things that actually bode well for us for a number of years to come.
Aart de Geus: Well, listening to my predictions through your mouth, I almost feel clairvoyant because indeed the deals did get larger. And that’s not surprising because this is the same history as EDA many years ago or many other fields where automation and verification takes hold. And yes, it takes hold faster with people that look forward and so on. But really it happens very often when people have a catastrophe or an issue to deal with. On the services side, you’re right, we mentioned that then. And to be honest, I don’t recall if we were completely engaged with Cigital at that point in time already. But we have felt for a while that the issues around security are so large that when you get the opportunity to talk to, let’s say, the CIO or CSO or CTO of a large Company, and they tell about all the security issues, the next answer is, well, we have this one product, why don’t you just buy some, feels pretty shallow. In that context, the Cigital acquisition was great because these are people that are accustomed and knowledgeable about reflecting the broader picture than advocating what is sort of a good approach for the Company to deal with it, while not necessarily pushing for individual products. But of course, now highlighting what we have. And so in that sense, I think that we will first learn how to run that business well. And assuming that goes well, my guess is that this will broaden more and more on a world-wide basis.
Aart de Geus: Well, if you don’t mind, we don’t want to talk about individual legal situations, so let me more generalize. From time to time we obviously see glaring cases of misuse of software. And we try to respond forcefully but gracefully to it. It is always better if we can guide a customer towards a healthy long-term solution, if I can call it that. Every thoughts and that’s more difficult and maybe legal situation is resulting from that. We’ve had a few of those in the past, they have been resolved, I think, professionally and positively. Let’s hope this yields the same.
Aart de Geus: If you looked at our distribution of revenue over many, many years, you would see that Asia-Pac for decades has been growing substantially faster than other parts of the world. Asia-Pacific itself has multiple components and Taiwan and Korea have been big parts of that for many years. In the last number of years China has grown immensely, and of course the potential to continue to do so. Simultaneously, we know by virtue of having been in China since really the early 90s, how the competence of the engineering teams and the companies that have grown and some have merged and have grown again, have progressed quite superbly. And so in that sense, a number of companies that do state-of-the-art design in China just like anywhere else in the world. We have been very fortunate to be, I believe, the largest contributor to that from an EDA space point of view.
Aart de Geus: IC Compiler II has seen, actually, an enormously rapid adoption rate which continues. And which is solidified more and more by the fact that we are also getting increasingly excellent results, especially when used in conjunction with some of our other tools. And so from that perspective, while I certainly don’t want to be negative on any other competitive products, we have a high degree of competence and confidence, I should say, in this product line and we expect it to continue to grow. Your second question was on Custom Compiler. There too, this is a smaller product, less visibility and typically a slower adoption rate by virtue of the longer history that people have in the custom space. And our focus has been primarily in the more advanced node, the FinFET technology. And we are seeing some very good adoption, especially in the last few quarters. So we will continue to watch this space.
Aart de Geus: For starters we certainly don’t underestimate what the change can do for Mentor. I certainly can not say that we’ve seen an increase in competitiveness. But let’s see what the future brings. It’s a very capable Company with very capable products. Maybe if I can toot our own horn, I think that we are – we have very capable products too, and increasingly a lot of our top customers reflect on the strength of our platforms. And that will certainly be a continued angle for competitiveness in this regard.
Aart de Geus: Well, if you’re referring to the profitability part, obviously these businesses as we grow them, we also have in place a discipline to make them gradually more profitable. And the question is always when you have something that grows very fast, is it better from a – both competitive position, growing the value of the Company over time, to push on growth or on profitability. That decision gets made sort of on a continual basis. But fundamentally we follow a belief system that says once a business starts to grow, it also has to increase it’s profitability. And so while the high-growth businesses are less profitable than the lower-growth businesses, in aggregate I think we’re actually in a very good balanced portfolio situation.
Aart de Geus: Well, I guess we have reached the end of the hour. Again, thank you very much for attending the earnings call. We had a very strong quarter and we look forward to Q2 with a fairly high degree of confidence and a strong year as well. And as usual, we will be available for the after call phone calls. Thank you very much.
