Aart de Geus: I don't think there's much to refresh, you just gave the answer, roughly. We are in low- to mid-single digits for the core EDA. We said double digits for the IP and systems area, and then there are a variety of other smaller components that have their own growth rate. But fundamentally, for the year, we entered the year with expectations setting of high-single digits. We are exiting the year doing quite a bit better than that. And in general, I think we feel that the portfolio is strengthened because some of the high growth components are now a bigger percentage of our overall revenue. And so in that sense, I think we're heading in the right direction.
Aart de Geus: Well, of course, our customers read the newspapers, too. And so they -- on one hand share the concern. On the other hand, they also share the rates forward towards being very competitive in areas of high growth. And no matter how what happens to the economy, I think electronics will outperform the economy just because the demand for, especially the mobile devices, the many Internet interaction capabilities is very, very high. I think one of the other reasons that we are probably feeling, actually, very good market results is that even if there were any challenges in the overall market, we are definitely a very, very safe bet for customers because we provide complete solutions. We can help them streamline their expenses while staying extremely competitive. So whichever scenario ultimate plays out, and far for me to be able to tell which one it is, I think we are in a very good position.
Aart de Geus: Well, it's certainly encouraging to hear a number of people actively speaking about pricing as being an important component to do well in our market. As you know, I think we've been quite disciplined for now a long time. We have a business model that has extremely high degree of linearity and we manage the contracts within, all in all, a fairly tight window, which is typically around 3 years or so. And so that stability gives us an opportunity to be quite watchful about the overall terms. But on top of that, in the last few years, we have step-by-step put a bit more emphasis on how to improve the contract. And the fact that we hear from, obviously, in our industry that they're heading in the same direction is very encouraging.
Aart de Geus: Well, so I think you understand the overall picture quite well. You're correct that actually more than just this year, even in the previous year, we did put a high degree of emphasis during the downturn to continue to invest both in technology and in serving the customers. The acquisitions bring with them, as you know, a revenue haircut and then a number of cost of integration, and also on our companies that have a lower ops margin than what we have. We have managed to mostly absorb that but definitely the ops margin has been at the lower end of what we normally would manage towards. Going forward, without making a hard commitment at this point in time, given that the guidance will be really done at the end of the fourth quarter, we are looking at the fact that it's possible to put a little bit more emphasis on the ops margin towards the positive. And so I think at this point in time, I would say there should not be any negative surprises by the time we give you guidance.
Aart de Geus: Well, we have been on record for now a long period of time, saying that the longer-term ambition was towards the mid-20s. And we certainly would only say that if we thought that actually was not only possible but desirable. And as you well know, there's always a tension pair between, on one hand, having no end to wanting to do more investments, on the other hand, also wanting to have higher profitability as it generates the cash with potential M&A. And the M&A is mostly important to actually broaden our TAM. And we are step-by-step doing that and actually see some of the positive effects of that very strategy of the last 3, 4 years. And so in general, I do agree with the tenor of your question, and I don't want to turn this entire earnings release into the guessing for guidance for next year. But if there's one more comment coming out of, not only this quarter but really the sum of the year so far is, we're building a very solid backlog that allows us, again, to enter the next year with a high degree of confidence. And once you have that, it allows you to focus on some of the other financial variables. And we do want to put a high degree of emphasis on the P&L profile of the company to generate more shareholder value.
Aart de Geus: The notion of standing on thin ice and going further and further applies to this discussion. Let's keep the -- both the strategy discussion will be at the September meeting and then the hard guidance should be complete by the end of our fiscal year. But I think, in general, we are thinking about the company, both of course, in terms of technology, investment, but also, in terms of the financial management that we want to apply more systematically. And there are many opportunities to see how we can tune to make the company even stronger.
Aart de Geus: Well, in many ways, the areas that stand out is precisely what makes up the company. IP, again, did very well. We had a number of other individual products that really stand out by particular technical strengths, such as the whole physical domain. We have a number of products that we introduced in the last couple of years that are going well. IC Validator is a good example. And so it is all in all, relatively balanced, but it fits very well, I think, the make-up story that we have told you, are then exactly the facts of the growth rates that we see. In general, we were -- I don't think that we were surprised. I think we executed very well on all the transactions that came up. And I think mostly it is because we have very good relationships with the customers right now. And in many situations that -- they're involved in really, really sophisticated designs, and now that's good for us.
Aart de Geus: Well, we are, of course, in different businesses. Their main business is in the processor business, where they are doing extremely well. We provide many of the things around that, be it some of the I/O, IP blocks, but mostly a large number of tools and especially, the tools support with their key customers. And one needs to understand what happens really at those most advanced customers that are typically in the mobile field. They are driving extremely hard on the cores of the processors and all the IP around that to be as high-performance as possible, and as low power as possible. And there's really a race among them. And so by being well aligned and having access to some of the IP from ARM in time and with the right support, we can actually make their cores shine in the hands of their customers. And so we have, I would say, probably, 1/2 of our worldwide support is dedicated to that type of task in the broad sense, embedding these cores in very complex chips. In addition, ARM has access for quite a number of years to our tools and hopefully, they can say the positive things about the quality and capabilities of our tools, it certainly helps them drive the state-of-the-art.
Aart de Geus: You know we have not seen any, and our market share feels very stable and growing and as much as $10 million is a great number, we do $1.5 billion, and so it doesn't -- it was not visible to us. And the reality is many of the very large customers have brought set of customer tool arrangements, sorry, and so frankly, we don't know what they're talking about.
Aart de Geus: Sorry for interrupting you. I think in general, from our perspective, the contracts are sort of staying the same. At any point in time, the reality is one rarely goes to the end of a contract then renews for 3 years. And the way this works in practice is, more often than not is, after a year or so, the customer wants some additional tools or some different configuration. And then one tends to renew and re-up for the next 3 years. That is the most common situation. During the massive downturn, we saw that some of the people waited a bit longer, mostly because they didn't want to make any additional commitments from where they were. We are not seeing that recently. From quarter-to-quarter, there can be big changes, because it's a discrete number of contracts. You're right, I think in the last 3 quarters that it was a little bit below 3 years. We are of course, ask ourselves the question, the same question. But we have not really found any special line or reason to be either concerned or elated about.
Aart de Geus: The funky thing with Moore's Law is because it’s an exponential, it feels like every 5 years there's a step function because it's not just a little bit harder, it's a lot harder. At the same time, Moore's Law is certainly alive for now 45 or 50 years. And we can see today another decade, predicting beyond that is always a little haphazard. But for right now, we see people working at sub-10 microns, sort of, nanometers, sorry, not microns, nanometers. And these are extremely small devices and the hunger for more transistors will continue. So I think there's a lot of work to be done, and we're at the heart of that.
Aart de Geus: Yes, it is. And the reason it is, is because IP tends to be a higher percentage of that because in many situations the IP is a shorter duration cell or in the number of cases also just an up-front cell. So that is -- that tends to fill the last 10%. And then of course, we also have a number of services, and there the services, essentially, are being accounted for upon delivery of certain milestones. And so as much as -- on one hand, it's great to have 90% going into the quarter, it's not like there's no work to be done. But having such a strong percentage in hand, of course, gives the degree of stability that's good for the company.
Aart de Geus: Nothing stops us from doing that. And as a matter of fact, we are extremely conscious of the fact that the interest rates have become very better and better. And so from the overall strength of the company, obviously, we can take on debt. That also only make sense if there is a good return to be had on that debt. And far from me to say that there will be or will not be, but it is also clear that if there is more of a downturn, having a strong position has a high degree of value, and we certainly have learned a lot of things from the last downturn. But again, I don't want to be quoted or so I think there is going to be a downturn. There are many questions and uncertainty, and in that landscape we are solid. If the market continues as it is today, our business will continue to grow well on its own volition. But in any case, we are very proactively considering all of these options all the time. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Actually all in all, it's not dissimilar. We put 28 and 32 in the same bucket because technically they mostly are. And we've seen, for example, in the last quarter, the design tapeouts moved to 173 from 134 in the previous quarter. So we track these things quite carefully. And all in all, we are following sort of a 2.5 to 3 years cycle from 1 node sets to the next. So I think 28 is only, where all of the advanced design that's going to go to market in the next 18 months is being done. There are a number of people working at 20 and 22 already, so that's the next wave -- that's much of our deep technology emphasis is on, and then I said there are people already below that. But 28 is the node that all of the foundries are completely focusing on, as we speak.
Aart de Geus: Well, I think in general, TSMC specifically, has put a high degree of emphasis and hard work on 28-nanometer, and I think they've done very well with that. At the same time, it is also clear that when you go to these smaller and smaller geometries, the tolerances of the technology become larger versus the size of the device. Well those very tolerances reflect themself directly inside of the design. And so what we have now clearly demonstrated, is that yield is about, I would say, 1/2 to 2/3 the results of design technology and about 1/2 to 1/3 the result of actually, manufacturing prowess. Well that's a very important statement because that says that the design community needs to become much more yield sensitive. Now if you compare that to let's say 10 years ago, where most people did designs and then they would send it to the fab and the fab would execute it and end of story. Well today, you have to really tune your design for yields optimization. And actually we have some very exciting tools that are doing well one is called, Yield Explorer that allows our users, the design community to find yield issues much more rapidly. Because there's one more component, it's not just the absolute number of how good is the yield, it is how good is the yield over time. Meaning when you start in a new node, it tends to be not so great and then you tune and tune, and tune, both on the fab side as well as on the design side, and then the yields moves up. That's called the yield ramp. And so the faster you ramp, the faster your chips become cheaper. And so it's in that context that Yield Explorer is doing very well. And actually, just in the last couple of days, I've had interactions with foundries that are optimizing and where Yield Explorer has been able to find some, essentially, bad situations in the design that immediately helped the resulting yield. So I think it's an opportunity for us, the design world and the manufacturing world are no longer disconnected.
Aart de Geus: Well, we don't break out individual tools, but there's no question that the whole area that touches manufacturing for us, is actually of significant size. And the reason for that is because it contains things such as, the yield optimization techniques that I described, but also described -- contains the optical proximity corrections and there are 2. There's a whole new discontinuity in physics happening, the TCADs, that I mentioned earlier, which has gone 3-dimensional. And so the overall manufacturing tools TAM is probably around $500 million or so, and we must be doing, out the top of my head, I would say $175 million or something along those lines. So it's an area -- it's only that will remain very solid or potentially, growing a bit better than the core EDA.
Aart de Geus: Okay. I think Gadi Singer gave the presentation and he is tasked of course to try to look at division that Intel has 4 more encompassing design development flow. And there's no question that for a lot of products, the system angle is becoming much, much more important. Now I don't want to give the impression that many people are looking at a completely integrated system to silicon flow, because there just too many tasks and they already specialize. In the systems area though, we have made substantial investments over the last number of years, and they range from tools that are IP algorithmic, architectural level at the very high end, and the companies that used to invest a lot in those were the high end communication company. We have a number of tools that are focused on the virtual prototyping, in other words, built a model of the hardware before the hardware exists. And in that context, we acquired a number of companies, and we have just released a product that integrates much of their efforts. We have some efforts at high-level synthesis. We have a number of efforts in the prototyping based on FPGAs, which is also the benefit that it can be connected directly to analog/mixed-signal boards, for example. So we have a lot going, is the bottom line. And at the same time, I think that this is just the beginning of a field that is still evolving quite a bit. I would add one more component though, which is that in that whole system thinking, one should also look at IP. Because in many ways, IP has 2 faces. And let me take memory blocks as an example. You can think of a memory block as a set of transistors that have been really, really polished physically to be optimally dense. Well, that's the low end of memory. You can also think of it as a -- almost a software device that can store ones and zeroes, well that's the system's perspective. And the fact that we have a very strong IP position, helps us again, in looking at the whole system area. So I think we are by far in a way in the strongest position of all the players, at the same time, it is still very, very much a beginning market.
Aart de Geus: Well, there are a couple of specific areas where we do not have a high share, and so physical verification would be a good example of that, the entire custom domain. We do not have all that much share in the implementation side, and so these are areas that we can grow into. Secondly, the overall EDA market, or EDA plus-plus is actually quite a bit larger than Synopsys. So the share battles will continue, and it's a competitive market. And so our ambition should be to do better and better. At the same time, we have been quite explicit that we want to use the strong position we have to use at least some of the capital strength that we have to broaden the TAM. And you have seen our IP story expand substantially. we have at least one nice little example in the optical area where we made an investment last year that is turning out to work extremely well, and so there are many opportunities, the demand for new capability is unstoppable at this point in time. I think we have arrived at the end of the hour. And so we'd like to thank you for attending the conference call. Hopefully, the takeaway is that we have very good results for the quarter, a strong outlook for the year and are very much looking forward to see a number of you, if not all, at the September analyst meeting. Thank you for your time.
Brian Beattie: Yes, Raj, why don't I grab that one. The performance of our company is really strong again this year on cash flows, we've highlighted with our targets over $400 million. When you look at the structure of the business, we now have $340 million in the U.S. and the rest of our -- just over $1 billion of cash offshore. So again, we look very carefully at the blend of where that cash resides. And then, we've laid out pretty clearly that we're focused on growth, we're focused on M&A as a key ingredient of that growth, in addition to our organic growth, and we committed to keep our share count roughly flat. And again you can see a very strong impact on our buyback program this year, with spending $335 million of U.S. cash on that buyback to take our share count down, even a little bit actually this year, compared to where we were from the prior quarter and over last year. So those are the top 2 priorities. And at this point, we don't have dividends on the table as long as the company continues to grow, both the top line and the bottom line.
Brian Beattie: Well, it is up over what we had originally anticipated for Q3, as both the bookings for this year and the outlook for bookings for the rest of the year came in higher than what we had anticipated. So as we look at the overall expenses, we're within the range, we're at the top end of that as we came through. So we managed to control the expenses within what we'd anticipated. But again, just reiterating, very strong bookings year, has come in stronger each sequential quarter, as far as performance again, against our anticipation. And again that was the biggest driver of our cash flow as well as we look at that from last quarter to this quarter. So nice diversity of accounts, high volumes, collections earlier than what we had planned on a historical basis, and very good performance in that. But we just had to manage those expenses all within our expectations.
Brian Beattie: And maybe just to add to that, Paul, we're at 2.7 years, last quarter 2.8 years, then 2.5 years the previous quarter. So we are seeing a little bit down from the 3.0 years average. But we still feel that 3.0s the target level -- is 2.9 years. So a couple of points, we believe in the full transparency and be able to demonstrate what it is. We say 3.0 years is the way to go. And the other really important part of that, is the inherent run rate of those deals when they come through, and we're very happy with the run rates, the annual revenue increases that we've seen on each of those contracts, and that's also very positive.
Brian Beattie: Well, that's a good question. But again, we remain committed to keeping our share count roughly flat. And we exercise against a program we put in place that looks at the source of cash and how we can best apply it. And then as we went through the year, we exercised against our plan in the most recent quarter and the amount of exercises that came through towards the end of the quarter as the stock price had come down a little bit, came in less than anticipated. So we executed on our buyback the amount of exercises came in a little bit lighter based on the price. And we ended up in the lowest net stock position we've had in the last 2 years. So very, very good position to be in.
Brian Beattie: Yes. We wanted to highlight that when we looked at the 3-year average of our operating cash flow, it came in at $354 million. We are looking at a $400 million. And as you know, cash flow forecasting can be lumpy from year-to-year. The increase in our guidance from last year -- from last quarter, I should say, even from the beginning of the quarter, really all came as a result of increased collections. We had record levels of collections, reflecting a very strong business in our third quarter. We saw that both the level of bookings we anticipated came in higher volume-wise, as well as came in earlier in the year, and that again gives the opportunity for us to collect cash with the new negotiated terms that are put in place. So again, very happy with the amount of cash based on the bookings, but kind of highlighting that our average over the last 3 years have been about $350 million. So just to say, this is our, it's our, one of our record levels of performance, but it's hard to forecast, and it can be lumpy going forward.
Brian Beattie: Oh, it's about 1/2 and 1/2, generating 1/2 of our cash in the U.S. and the other 1/2 outside of the country, based on where this comes through based on our current mix of profitability by region.
Brian Beattie: No, not yet. We're following the developments in Washington very closely. There have been a number of proposals on improved tax rates or repatriation, we're watching that really, really closely and support any initiative that does allow us to do that, and to bring back cash at more favorable rates.
Brian Beattie: Okay. So the first answer is, no. It's not related to any specific customer activity. But just overall, that deferred revenues grew on our ability to invoice our customers, and of course, it does grow very traditionally in the third quarter. It grows compared to the prior quarter, based on the profile of our ability to invoice our customers in cases of annually, in advance, or even quarterly, in advance. It's a very typical program for us to see to a growth. This year was even stronger which relates to general bookings increase and generally, abilities to invoice customers based on terms and conditions that we have negotiated. So it's very strong and does give confidence as we move forward in the year. It is a factor that we do look at for managing cash flows, and it gives us a visibility into the amount that we've invoiced and that then therefore, has very high probability on collections from that point on. As far as the backlog, we did not comment at the beginning of the year of what the backlog would do for the year. We did commit each year that we will disclose the amount of backlog at the end of this year, which would be effectively in a earnings call schedule at the very end of November. And we'll give the numbers then at that point. So again, focus more on the run rate improvement, and not just on the absolute gross dollar values of the bookings, because those do move around an awful lot.
