Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. First quarter results reflect good momentum across the company. We delivered a very strong start to the year with significant revenue growth across all product groups and geographies, expanded --expanding non GAAP operating margin, non-GAAP earnings at the high end of our target range and solid operating cash flow.  Driving these results is a compelling combination of unprecedented market opportunities, accelerating customer adoptions of our groundbreaking new products and our excellent execution. Our confidence in our business is strong, and we are raising our full year 2022 targets.  I'll now review our first quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated a total revenue of $1.27 billion up 31% over the prior year. As expected, the quarter reflected strengths in EDA software, as well as outstanding demand for IP and hardware. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $923 million, total non-GAAP costs and expenses are $811 billion resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 36.2%.  GAAP earnings per share were $1.99, non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.40 up 58% over the prior year. Semiconductor and system design segment revenue was $1.16 billion with both EDA and IP performing well. Software integrity segment revenue was $108 million a better than expected start to the year. We are on track to reaching our 15% to 20% growth objective for software integrity with expanded adjusted operating margin in 2022.  Turning to cash, we generated $156 million in operating cash flow higher than planned primarily due to early collections. We used $250 million of our cash for stock buybacks and ended the quarter with cash and short term investments of $1.27 billion with total debt of $24 million. Now the guidance. We are raising our full year outlook for revenue, earnings and cash flow. For fiscal year 2022, the full year targets are, revenue of $4.775 billion to $4.825 billion representing 14% to 15% growth. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $3.809 billion and $3.856 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $3.255 billion and $3.285 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin improvement of more than 100 basis points. Non-GAAP tax rate of 18%, GAAP earnings of $5.53 to $5.72 per share, non-GAAP earnings of $7.85 and to $7.92 per share, representing 15% to 16% growth, cash flow from operations of $1.45 billion to $1.5 billion. Now to the targets for the second quarter. Revenue between $1.24 billion and $1.27 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $931 million and $951 million, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $800 million and $810 million, GAAP earnings of $1.67 to $1.78 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $2.35 to $2.40 per share. We continue to anticipate revenue for Q3 and Q4 to be roughly evenly distributed with expenses skewed to Q4. As we announced in December, our long-term financial objectives are to deliver annual double-digit revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margin expansion of more than 100 basis points a year and non-GAAP EPS growth in the mid-teens range. In conclusion, we delivered a very good start to the year and are raising our 2022 outlook. Our longstanding commitment to managing the business for enduring long-term growth has not only generated the most compelling product portfolio we've ever had, but also positions us uniquely well for the current dynamic market landscape. As a result, we remain confident in the accelerated long-term financial targets we communicated to you in December.  With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Trac Pham: Hi, Joe, let me take the second part. I would characterize the upside for the year, the raise of $50 million. That's simply a Q2 upside. We delivered Q1 largely as planned. It was the biggest quarter of the year.  The deal -- the business that we booked in Q1, we saw very strong growth in EDA software, which should give us a nice trajectory not only for this year but going forward. And then we continue to see very strong demand in IP and hardware. The momentum that we saw through last year continued in Q1 in terms of results for revenue, but also just the overall demand, as Aart highlighted. And traditionally, we don't raise the full year at this point -- this early point of the year, but just given the visibility we have, not only Q2 but for the rest of the year. We have the confidence to raise the overall guidance.
Trac Pham: Jack, I would just add that regard. We do see cloud as a very strong incremental growth opportunity, and that is independent of whether or not they're using Synopsys cloud or a third-party cloud. We can support other scenarios, but the goal is to gain that business overall.
Trac Pham: I would add, Gary, that it's not -- in effect, we're able to manage the wage installation and still drive margins up. The way we do that, obviously, we factor those costs and the incremental cost into our expense and that's reflected in our guidance and our expectations for improving margins this year. The way -- the best way to deal with it is really continue to invest in the business is twofold. One is over the last several years, we've continued to invest in innovation and new technology to drive value in our products. And that has helped us extract more value in the negotiations and that certainly has helped the accelerated growth in the business.  Secondly, we've also been on path over the last few years of redeploying and being really critical about where we deploy resources in order to get the best return. So the combination of those things really is helping us manage wage inflation in that way.
Trac Pham: Hi, Jay. Let me take the second part of your question. So you're right, Q1 was a very strong quarter for IP in addition to the other products. But at a high level, the IP business is strong in all areas, all geographies and across a very diverse customer base.  And so tying that connection to China would be misleading. And in fact in China, we're doing very well across all of our product categories. We had very good growth in EDA software. Hardware we did well in addition to IP. So trying to make that connection at the top level of the results that I think would be -- would give you a misleading conclusion.
Trac Pham: I'd characterize it more as the quarterization of the results, Jason. Because remember, when we talked to you in December, we described expenses as being relatively flat throughout the year, but the mix of revenue and the timing of revenues would skew margins to the front end. But overall, I think margins are doing very well. And we do expect that over a multiyear period, we'll continue to improve margins.
Trac Pham: I'm sorry, I'll start with the first question, Pradeep. The deferred is very broad-based across all product lines and the variability of deferred from one quarter to next really just reflects the timing of when we bill and invoice our customers.  I didn't hear clearly the second part of your question.
Trac Pham: Charles, the quarterization profile is a function of when the customer -- when we expect the customers to pull down IP and hardware. So it's really those two items. Everything else, as you described, is quite linear. A little bumpy as well, but little bumpy as well, but generally, very linear. Yeah.
Aart de Geus: Let me start with the first part and maybe Trac can do the second part. Our strength has been really very much across the board. We can certainly say that the IP continues to stand out as growing very well. But some of the new capabilities that we see at EDA tools really are showing more and more opportunity going forward.  Now you heard about the Software Integrity Group. They continue on an excellent path. Last year was really a return to good growth and now we are improving the growth there as well. And lastly, the systems area, which is sort of at the intersection between -- so we like to call it at the end of the section between silicon and software is an area that will continue to grow because most of the systems get now optimized to make the software run as well as possible on the hardware and the hardware to be as responsive as possible to the software all the way to trying to optimize even the power consumption. So these things are very linked and our hardware and prototyping solutions are extremely well suited for that to have been strong.
Aart de Geus: Well, I think in general the Software Integrity Group is doing better and better because it is managed really well and is executing well. But what you have said still bears truth because they have been in the past year, a number of moments of high visibility of hacking on also open source capabilities. Even the U.S. government have made some mandates saying you have to pay more attention to this in their systems.  And so I think in general, there's a higher degree of recognition and that helps Black Duck because the capabilities that we have there. And also our consulting capabilities is precisely what customers need.
Aart de Geus: Well, let me start at the end. No, there's no leakage, they have to use the licenses like any other licenses. Pretty much all the hyperscalers do have large clouds themselves. Some are also commercial cloud providers, obviously. And it doesn't matter if it's a private cloud or a commercial cloud if you have both, it is the same results. In this case, these are people that are extremely competent on managing clouds so considerate to commercial cloud.
Aart de Geus: I think there is certainly no slowdown attempting to hire. As you well know, throughout most industries, there's an increase in turnover. A lot of people have been sitting at home for a few years and are looking for fair share. And so the entire semiconductor industry right now is looking for people.  And so we ourselves have had a bit of that, actually, not that much negative turnover, but we have hired substantially -- substantial amounts of people. And so I think that this will continue because there's no end in sight to the need and the opportunity space, I think, is very, very fertile. So these things tend to last for a year, year and half. And then they gradually equalize again.
Aart de Geus: It's an excellent question because, obviously, especially in the conjunction with the question Jackson had, whenever there is movement, there tends to be some increase in wages because otherwise, people wouldn't necessarily move and we see the same.  Fortunately, we have had the good fortune that our business continues to grow very well. And it tends to be a little bit more stable in terms of change because we have many multiyear transactions. But many of the transactions are becoming larger because customers want more tools, need more capabilities. And so we are more gradual in how we pass these costs along.  Having said that and track and emphasize from the ops margin perspective, but we are staying on track with not only growing the business but also continuing to improve the profitability of it. So all of these things have been taken into account as we project forward.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Jay, the question you asked will only take about half an hour. You touch pretty much on everything we have to do. Let me phrase it like this. A number of years ago, we put the silicon to software under our logo. It was aspirational at that time because it meant moving to where the center of gravity was moving. I am absolutely convinced that the center of gravity for everything that will impact smart everything, big data, automation in various ways is actually the intersection of those two.  And so let me first go downwards from the hardware. And there, clearly, one trend continues, still smaller, more sophisticated devices, that's technology evolution. The second trend that is complementing that is a multichip and -- or chiplets. And that is because at some point in time, you want 100 times more transistors, but that is technically not feasible. And so you split it up, and we'll see more of that.  And the third trend is that many of the chips become specialized architecture for just a limited set of tasks. And this is not new because with graphical processes already 20 years ago, they were essentially accelerators to manage pixels. Now of course, there's a lot of that goes in the AI direction or data management direction and so on.  So then we move to the other side of the equation, which is the software. And the software, of course has one ambition, which is do applications that add a lot of value at every domain you can think of, including many of the automation domains, the big data slash machine learning domains. And so the software needs to be matched to the hardware and the hardware needs to be matched to the software. And that is where this prototyping is effective from both perspectives and we're seeing rapid growth. And just like anything else, people wish the prototype would be another 10 times faster because then they could do 10 times more. And so I think that will continue for quite a while. Now in regards to the different support, you're absolutely correct that in the semiconductor area, there or the hardware down, it is more an evolution of what we've done for the last 35 years. And AI is very important because it's now taking on much more complex multi-step tasks. And so that's where we give a lot of support.  Whereas if you look upwards, there the system houses in the past, only a few really have invested substantially in chip design or electronic system design. And now because the software is so much closer to the realization, they are investing. But these are also the type of companies that if they can buy partially finished solutions like big IP blocks, that is where they start. And so increasingly look at our IP as reaching into that middle. And then the last comment is for each of the verticals, there are often additional needs. And automotive is a prime example of that because safety matters and security is a subcategory for safety in that case. Security, of course applies to many, many places.  So long story short, our opportunity is that we touch all of these players and become increasingly a catalyst between multiple players to make something successful. And therein lies a big opportunity for Synopsys.
Aart de Geus: In general, we sell these things relatively separately. There are often very different buyers in the company that are looking at that. And we have proactively kept it somewhat separate. It's a better business practice than negotiating everything to the lowest common denominator. And so -- but of course, these hyperscalers have absolutely big needs in security. And so we are collaborating well with them.
Aart de Geus: Yeah. We're in early stage. And typically, we don't disclose for individual products. But both of these areas have the potential to certainly grow faster than the rest of the company because they're in the early stage, but also because they bring a whole set of new values to the customer.  And back to an earlier question, I didn't mention that in both of those areas, we also hire more people in order to help our customers succeed and quickly get to the high value that these capabilities offer.
Aart de Geus: Okay. I'm very clear about this. I think that we are into a long-term great opportunity wave. Because the opportunity to change how the world operates with the combination of enormous amount of data combined with machine learning, ultimately, AI and automation has very, very big economic impact for every vertical.  And so while one could argue that for many decades, Moore's Law has sort of pushed technology forward and that always had new benefits. Now there is simultaneously a pool from end markets that all realize that hey, they could potentially shave some economics out of their operations by just understanding the data better or even find better solutions. And I think that is so profound that is as profound, I would say as computation 35 years or 30 years ago impacting the world. Now at the same time, we are all well aware that there are some shortage of certain -- actually a fairly limited set but crucial set of parts. And I'm hesitate to call that a cycle. There have been interruptions in the supply chains due to global politics. There have been COVID that stop people from ordering. There have been a lot of things and it's mostly older parts.  And so yes, there's some shortage there. There's some additional capacity being built in. Most of the capacity is being lined up for actually advanced nodes because of the earlier point I made all these new opportunities. And so there will be always a little bit of a cycle of supply and providers alignment. But in general, I think that we're in for a decade of great opportunities in semiconductors. By the way, I should add that includes us of course. Yeah, that was maybe the end of the key part of the question for Synopsys. Yeah, we're very much in the middle of that. And we love this term of being a catalyst because we interact with literally the deepest technology with the design, with the system, configuring the optimization there all the way into the software and the security. And so it puts us very much in a position to interact with all the players that have to interact well for success. And that's where a big part of our enthusiasm comes from.
