Aart de Geus: Yes, actually we think of it really in to sort of three categories I tried to hint at that in my preamble which is really the FinFET which is clearly very advanced those people will all ago. The group around 28 which is I stretch it a little bit to you from 45 to 20 really cover all the high-end planar transistors. I think they will all go. And I think the nodes before that people will gradually go overtime and we’ll try to incentivize them in a number of years to make sure that they all go.Rich Valera – Needham & Company:  And in terms of the percentage of your customer base that comprises 45 to 20.
Aart de Geus: 45 to 20 I would say all the advanced people are there because all the advanced people do designs there and some do a portion at the FinFET level and clearly I would guess that something well over 50% of our revenue hit there.Rich Valera – Needham & Company:  Great and just one more from me. I don’t think you meant this to be a change but in your description of core EDA you talked about a low to mid single digit core EDA growth is that I think I felt maybe in the past you talk about a low single digit I’m not sure if low to mid is the same or is it different just wanted to clarify that. 
Aart de Geus: Yes, there is no change – no change intended in any case.Rich Valera – Needham & Company: Okay, thanks very much. I appreciate that.
Aart de Geus: Sure. The capital allocation is something that really gets looked at every quarter again. Although we sort of follow general principles, which is the highest weighting is given into the opportunity of doing M&A that transforms positively the company for the future. Because capital is very valuable assets and given that it’s split in domestic and international, one has to actually navigate to fairly careful waters. The second application of the capital would be for buybacks. And in the last 12 months I think we’ve done $155 million or something like that. Last quarter, we didn’t because we did the Coverity acquisition and we pay back the debts that came with that. And in general, our sense is that we would like to keep the ability to have that, so that we have optionalty in case good opportunities come up. And otherwise we are just disciplined. And lastly, dividend is something that we have not considered. We think the other two ways of using the capital base or better.Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Krish.
Aart de Geus: Well, I think this is a great opportunity for us because its not just a product, it is really a platform that touches many other capabilities and products and when we say there is 10x improvement and throughput really implies through many, many different tasks. And so we have no many reports from customers on all kinds of different tasks or the run time improvement and its more difficult for customers to judge what happens when you go through all of the stages because that implies going through entire chip design. But for each of the tasks, they are seeing remarkable improvements in run time.  And in my preamble I try to use one example of where run time it’s not just a – well it goes faster, it’s a – now I can do a two or maybe three times a day. And one should not under estimate how valuable that is because that allows people to look at results and say, oh, no I should have changed something to get better results. And they can immediately go back into implementation and thus progress faster towards their overall chips. So the results of all of this is that I think it is not only the tool that is needed to really anchor the design of the next generations of technology and I would certainly include 28 nanometer in that. It is also the basis to change design methodology and it’s almost fun to hear, some of customers say well now that this so fast, why don’t you make everything else faster too. And so the usual when you have something good immediately the expectations go for.Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Do you think essentially the result is more testing versus fewer seats or fewer packages.
Aart de Geus: When you say more testing, you mean there is the opportunity to explore many more design much more rapidly. Yes.Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. I was kind of curious if that, maybe you thought that once you had a kind of a slug of refresh go through with your customers, if at that point the speed actually would decrease the market size, but its sounds like do you think there is so much more – so many more cycles you can do to get the reliability up that would…
Aart de Geus: Absolutely. I think we often don’t realize how enormously the complexity of chips is increasing. And partially we take it for granted because our entire industry actually delivers incredibly well against this sort of mythical Moore’s law. But the fact is that the chips that are being built are enormously complex and the fact that entire phases of this have been automated to this degree is remarkable. And I have no doubt whatsoever that’s the fact that the products run so much faster. Just means that they will see more utilization on more parts.Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. All right, that’s helpful. And then Brian, when you look at the Coverity acquisition on the fact that’s dilutive until the second half of next year, is that driven by just the differed revenue make up or do you need actual growth in Coverity proper to get to accretion.
Aart de Geus: Well, yes and no. The yes part is no doubt that all the building blocks that are being created are going commensurately with the chips that are growing. And so in that sense, there’s a never-ending push on all of our tools as a matter of fact to increase capacity or another way we say it is reduce the memory consumption per gate or per transistor and so that will continue on all of our tools. The only thing that is slightly difference between tools that look at the placement out of an entire chip versus the synthesis of individual blocks is the entire chip grows in absolute terms even more than the individual blocks. The other area where what you just said is very material is actually in the verification side. And they are too, the push for faster and lower memory utilization is remarkable. On the faster side that is of course what results into the push into emulation and FPGA-based prototyping. But the good news is I think we never done with the engineering that we have to do and Synopsys is well-differentiated in all these angles already.
Aart de Geus: Well, realize of course that you're asking me to do multiple complete snug speeches here. But let me start a little bit by the functional area top down, we break our thinking into really only three or four areas the implementation, verification, the IP and now the interaction hardware software to software. On the implementation side, you’re absolutely right to highlight power because the power touches everything.  And when I say everything I really mean from the most minute microscopic optimization of transistors that are done with tea CAD to the very choice of the materials and that’s why you see so much emphasis in these new FinFET structures, all the way to of course how a chip is designed, the architecture. But then also how the software's run and the very fact that on a modern chip as you run software pieces of the chip are being turned on and off, thousands of times per second just to save a little bit of power gives you a sense of how important that is. And so the key for us is to make sure that all of our tools understand recently well what the other’s tools are doing. In terms of the customer types, one can certainly look at the people providing the silicon. So the foundries or some of the IDM's that do it themselves. And there one needs to be engaged early on having the right connections to what will describe the technology so that the tools can use it well and be ready with early IP.  But just as important on the receiving end so the people that maybe fabless design companies, they are, the goal is to helps them make maximal utilization of new technology the minute they are available and the minute they are economically interesting to them. And the good news there is we have quite a number of substantial, large, hard to driving fabless companies that have teamed up with us on really driving the state-of-the-art forward. And then in terms of end application domains it is useful to understand what are the biggest markets because the biggest markets are a computation and communication. They intersect very much on the Internet which means that the cloud infrastructure is an area that keeps being invested in and everything I mentioned so far demands state-of-art technology going forward.  Internet of Things right now is a little bit catch all for so many different things. Somebody the other day jokes that every time you say the word Internet of Things, the market grows by another trillion or so. Well I think it’s not that simple, there is going to be enormous large number of various simple chips collecting data measuring things, watching things and then the manipulation or the intelligent analysis will demand more and more chip in silicon technology in years to come. And so I think there are open opportunities there, but its also many specialties people that are really very good at doing something high voltage or low voltage or that are looking some analogs capabilities. So I think there is broad horizon in the Internet of Things is sort of the door to get a lot of information in but the hard core is all around computation and the transportation and storage of data as in all the advanced companies are massively betting on that. 
Aart de Geus: Okay let me go backwards with that which is we have been very competent on FDA, FD-SOI for actually quite a while and majority of the chip that have used that technology were taped out with our tools. Now the reason FD-SOI has come to the attention of a number of people is of course because there has been an agreement between FD and Samsung to invest jointly in that area, they will have to tell you exactly what they plan to deliver, but FD-SOI brings some of the promises of lower power to the 28 nanometer planar transistor wave.  And so the way to understand this is down to 28, 20 nanometer transistors have been planar. Read that as flat. FinFETs our vertical transistors, vertical as you would imagine are more difficult to build, more expensive to build but they have the benefit of having much lower power consumption going forward. And so it begs the question well when do you stop 28, 20 and when you jump over to the next wave. And quite a number of companies are right now essentially using 28 nanometer to the best of their abilities until FinFET becomes economically more mature.  And there's been the proposal to use FD-SOI as a way to get even better results out of 28 for a lower price. And so FD has had excellent results with this so it's promising, but the question remains, will there be broad foundry capacity for that? And if yes, I'm sure some customers will use it.
Aart de Geus: Yes. We introduced ZeBu 3 which is a brand new generation much faster, much higher capacity engine. And actually it has gotten very good reception from customers. Number of them have been shipped and are in utilization. This is part of a much broader strategy, which is really to deal with the very fact that verification is absolutely one of the areas that we’ll see the biggest demand in new capabilities, faster speed, higher capacity et cetera because of the complexity of not just the chips but of the entire system and the interaction with hardware and software. And so in that context we’re very happy that the new machine is in good state, and our focus is entirely now on the interaction between that and our other tools. And we will tell more about that towards the rest of the year.Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities:  Thank you. That’s all for me.
Aart de Geus: Thank you very much for spending time with us. We are looking back on a very strong quarter not only with good financial results, but also with some advances with very high impact a long-term products. And so it will be exciting to tell you about our progress in the coming quarters with these products. And their impact on the semiconductor evolution history. Thank you so much.
Brian Beattie: Delayed hiring its all about the looking very carefully at all the plant growth and really kind of fine tune comb on what’s available what’s coming in what’s essential and just managing it very carefully so again it just timing relative to bringing that in and managing cost.Sterling Auty – JPMorgan Chase & Co: Got it. Thank you guys.
Brian Beattie: Yes, the reason for that dilution is really all related to the differed revenue haircut. And it does effect as you know where the rate will model beyond just this year. It does go into next year as well. So from a cash flow perspective the company is break-even from an earnings perspective, prior acquiring it was a break-even business. Coupled along with a very nice roughly 20% revenue growth associated with that. So we do plan on growing that business, growing the market potential it’s there and also to drive profitability up overtime. But really that biggest impact to your question is – is really coming from the deferred revenue haircut again, so it’s a non-cash item, cash flow the company has done very well.Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. I wasn’t sure if you were putting enough extra investment into at where as the current revenue run rate it wasn’t quite profitable yet.
Brian Beattie: Well, $1 billion dollar is a pretty far away from where the market is today. On the other hand, I think there is plenty of indication that faster and faster simulation requires hardware and emulation is the central piece of that. And one of the key reasons for that is tied actually to the previous comment on the complexity of chips, which is when you look at the advanced chips, what is customary to date if you have one, two, four, 18 God knows how many compute cores. Well, the implication is having processor cores means there's software that goes with that, having software means that you would like to verify that software in context of the chip without having to chip and this is where both emulation and FPGA-based prototyping are absolutely essential. So I see the entire market engineering putting more and more emphasis now on this intersection between hardware and software. And it’s in that context that emulation has probably very high potential as we are looking at system validation which contains both hardware and software.Tom Diffely – D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. Well, thank you both for your time today.
Brian Beattie: Again, all of this under a very, very ratable revenue profile. So, as you know from time-to-time there is a little bit of revenue variability. We’ve addressed that and Asia-Pacific before its relative to one contract that’s in place. It just moves around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter. So again, it’s just a continuation of the trend on a quarterly basis everything is totally on track. And as you’re seeing in Asia-Pacific our trailing 12 months revenue is up 15%, compared to 12 months earlier so good performance through the whole region. And then just relative to North American again you can see the same thing now with Coverity starting to kick in and some additional specific businesses that we have, it’s a good quarter. Overall, the business did well in North America in particular just looking at some record results for the U.S. right now.
Brian Beattie: Sure, then I will confirm the data points too. We've at a very good third quarter with our tax rate coming in reflecting a number of statutes of limitation. So it just really expired in our third quarter and in that quarter is basically a year-to-date catch-up if you like. And that has to flow through into our results. So that was a contributor into the earnings as we were able to release some reserves, we had setup. Our prior guidance on our tax rate for the year was 21% and now with those provisions coming in we're letting that to go down to 20% for the year. So again, that is being reflected in our guidance as we look forward relative to our guidance for the full year, we've included a $0.015 increase as we said we did really well inside the third quarter. And just looking at our typical fourth quarter with rising revenues we also see some rise in our expenses associated with the cost controls and some delayed hiring. We had in the third quarter. So overall good management of tax and again good earnings per share with some improvement in that now being forecast.Monika Garg – Pacific Crest Securities: Then I have a question that we’re seeing consolidation in the semi industry, right Broadcom kind of announced they’re winding down, I think the baseband business. Could you maybe talk about a broader trend consolidation in semis and impact on EDA and also on Synopsys.
