Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. Our record results are especially noteworthy, in light of the considerable challenges faced by ourselves and our customers over the past few months. Given our history of strong execution, sometimes it's easy to forget how much hard work goes into delivering results like these. So I'd like to add my thanks to our employees for their dedication under these difficult circumstances. Complementing our excellent execution in the first half is our very solid business foundation, technology leadership, a diverse customer base and nearly 90% recurring revenue. These elements position us well for periods of high demand as well as during times the greatest stress. This rare combination gives us the confidence to reaffirm our annual revenue and non-GAAP margin guidance, and to increase our non-GAAP earnings and operating cash flow targets. Now to our second quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. Orders substantially exceeded our plan, driven in large part by EDA, particularly, digital design. Ending backlog was $4.7 billion. We generated total revenue of $861.3 million above our target range, driven by broad strength and some revenue that moved in from Q3. Semiconductor & System Design segment revenue was $773 million. This strong growth in EDA software moderated by tough hardware comparison over a strong Q2 of last year. Excluding hardware, EDA software results remain within our long-term target range of mid to high single-digits. A quick note on hardware, while COVID-19 has presented some minor HAPS-related supply chain challenges, due to shelter-in-place mandates, we're managing through them well. Our contract manufacturing partners are gradually increasing capacity and because our products are considered essential, they are top priorities. Software Integrity segment revenue was $88.3 million, 10% of total. Moving on to expenses. Total GAAP cost and expenses were $735 million which includes approximately $30 million in restructuring costs associated with our previously communicated program to optimize resource allocation for sustainable long-term growth. These are not COVID-related. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $640 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 25.7%. We are on track to generate approximately 2 percentage points of non-GAAP operating margin expansion for the year. Adjusted operating margin for the Semiconductor & System Design segment was 27.1%, after for the Software Integrity segment, 13.3%. Finally, GAAP earnings per share were $0.71 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.22, well above our target range due to excellent operational execution. Turning to cash. We generated a record $380 million in operating cash flow. We initiated $100 million ASR and have now completed $200 million in buybacks year-to-date. We've repurchased $2 billion of our stocks since 2015, approximately 75% of our free cash flow. Our capital allocation strategy has not changed. We'll continue to evaluate the best use of cash each quarter and we will remain prudent as the global macro environment evolves. Our balance sheet is very strong. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $856 million and total debt of $236 million as we paid down $90 million of our revolver. Now to guidance, which continues to assume the current Entity List restrictions remain in place for the rest of the year. Consistent with our expectations, revenue skewed to later in the year due primarily to the scheduled timing of hardware and IP deliveries. For fiscal year 2020, our targets are revenue of $3.6 billion to $3.65 billion; total GAAP cost and expenses between $2.99 billion and $3.03 billion; total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $2.63 billion and $2.66 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 27%; GAAP earnings of $3.74 to $3.90 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $5.21 to $5.28 per share; cash flow from operations of $815 million to $840 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $170 million; now to the targets for the third quarter, revenue between $875 million and $905 million; total GAAP cost and expenses between $721 million and $737 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $640 million and $650 million; GAAP earnings of $1.12 to $1.22 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $1.33 to $1.38 per share. In conclusion, despite the unprecedented challenges faced by our employees and customers around the globe, our focused execution, portfolio strength and resilient business model enabled us to deliver a very strong quarter, reiterate our full-year revenue and non-GAAP margin guidance and raise or non-GAAP earnings and cash flow targets. Our strong balance sheet and thoughtful approach to capital allocation, position us well to navigate the current environment. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Trac Pham: It is a little bit of the hardware mix. You got COGS ramping up with expenses as well. And the profile is that, it does have some additional expenses in terms of hiring, but I do expect that you'll see an improvement in operating margins from Q3 to Q4.
Trac Pham: Yes. For the most part, we haven't seen any meaningful impact of that or customers coming back and renegotiate in terms. And so far, that's been very positive. We're prepared to - we're prepared for that kind of potential, but so far we haven't seen much of an impact. On the strength in the cash flow outlook is really confidence in the P&L and what we're guiding to. It's pretty solid growth for the year, as well as good margin improvement. And that's going to eventually translate to cash as a reflection of both strong collections and more effective disbursements are lower disbursements.
Trac Pham: Gary, I would also add that the - it's nice to have the back - that large backlog in an environment like this, in general, but particularly, in environment we grew it like this. But the Q2 bookings was not only a record in absolute numbers, but we also saw a very good run rate growth in the quarter. So, I'm pleased with that combination.
Trac Pham: And in addition to that - to your question regarding the restructuring. We are committed and we remain on a path to driving margins up over time. In addition to that, we'll continue to invest in the business, because all of the segments that we're in, we're seeing good growth opportunities. The restructuring is really a reflection of fine-tuning the investments and making sure that we're placing happier bets in the areas where we think we can get the best combination of growth and profitability.
Trac Pham: Mostly on the EDA side, what we saw in EDA, particularly, in Q2 was just a few shorter contracts because there FSAs and so we saw that benefit and that's why you might see a little bit higher on the time base relative to the upfronts. But overall, the profile for the year, there is significant growth and strength across the board.
Trac Pham: It's a little bit of all those things that you described. You're right, the margins did come up to around 13%. We mentioned at the beginning of the year that we were going to try to invest further in that business to invest for growth. And I think we're still committed to that plan and the profile from margins will vary from quarter-to-quarter depending on the ramp-up in expenses. I wouldn't extrapolate that up to the full-year or as a new plant will continue to balance investing the business well, making sure it fits into the overall Company's growth.
Aart de Geus: Well, I think there are multiple things are played in all at the same time. Obviously, in a time like this, we all pay a lot of attention to execution, and so, we will give some credit to just working hard at it. But I think the other thing that happened is that a number of the new products that we introduced last year, and some that we announced just recently are very attractive and benchmark extremely well. And so the hunger for more sophisticated products continues because during the same timeframe, what we're seeing is that a number of the advanced customers are moving now from 7-nanometer to 5-nanometer. And so that have both implications on the IP that they're using and on the strength of tools that they want. And so the demand, I think was absolutely there and it was for us to make sure that we find a way to get at it.
Aart de Geus: So we normally don't disclose the bookings for any subpart of the Company. We did communicate that they were lower this quarter than expected and therefore that has some ramifications going forward. It's not completely a surprise because a lot of the interactions early on in the COVID time were very impacted by people essentially hustling for shelter from home. On the recruiting, we have started a search and - so we expect that in the next six months, this will be fulfilled and now we're looking at candidates.
Aart de Geus: It's an excellent question. So we do a little bit of all of that. We outsource obviously, as much as we possibly can. There - depending on what the status is of the hardware, we assemble some of it ourselves. And, as you would expect, when you have a global disruption of all the markets initially, you have to watch out where all the parts are coming from, who is doing the assembly, et cetera. And the issues that we looked at initially were HAPS related. I'm quite impressed by how quickly our team was on top of that. And after that, the fact that this is essential equipment benefited us as the assembly people we work with gave us a high priority. And so, I think the problem is mostly resolved at this point in time.
Aart de Geus: Well, the bottom line of the answer is no. The recent announcements were one or two weeks old, and while very fairly complicated, we're able to get a good sense of it. And our conclusion is, it does not affect us beyond what is already prohibited in the entity. We have also not had any follow-on of customers that we're worried in any form. So I think, that interpretation has been fairly universal.
Aart de Geus: You know, we live with optimism and actually, this is a good example of it, because the whole point of a platform is to get the benefit of multiple tools that work well together. And by the way, for the buyer, it has another benefit, and especially for larger companies, they are trying to maintain an environment that is not overly complex with tools from many, many different vendors. And so being able to bring multiple capabilities together in a structured fashion, that over time will gain more and more value because things work well together is actually precisely the direction that we are counting on. And the fact that the number of customers have actually bought Synopsys precisely for that reason is extremely encouraging.
Aart de Geus: Let me work backwards on your question, Mitch. You're right, we are - we will be exiting in the high 20s for the year, but keep in mind that it's largely a profile of the revenue ramp. And we remain committed to our long-term goals of driving margin expansion. But at this point, it's too early to talk about FY '21. We'll come on that later in the year. As far as savings from COVID, certainly, we're seeing some element of that flow through - that benefits flow through to the results. But you know, the result are largely driven by us executing the plan that we set out to - for the year which is continue to focus on our spending, be more diligent about where we're investing and driving a plan that's going to deliver good margin growth this year and over time.
Aart de Geus: No. And really, COVID had a really small effect on the results or immaterial effect on the financial results. As we mentioned, we had a - some initial challenges with the supply chain. When the shelter-in-place, mandates went into effect, but we were able to overcome that and execute on the numbers for the quarter. And good execution in Q2, the results were strong its own, but we did see some revenues move in from Q3 to Q2. At this point, we're providing our best view of the outlook for hardware and it really reflects a profile of it growing in Q4. And so far, we feel confident in our ability to execute to that - that's why we're reaffirming guidance.
Aart de Geus: No, we don't. So fundamentally, the guidance that we have given you encompasses all of our interpretation of all of the various actions that have been taken over the last year and a half. And I think we feel very solid in that interpretation at this point in time.
Aart de Geus: It is the second. It's not the single customer at all if it's multiple customers. I think in general, there are often variations in lengths of contracts. At this point in time, it is encouraging that the contracts have not become shorter as in times of economic stress, people could be worried about it. That appears to not be the case at all. And as said from use and approach to design, we see no difference. If nothing else there, a number of companies that are really accelerating as they hope to have good opportunities in next year with new products. So the technology advances are on track and the business I think reflects that directly.
Aart de Geus: While initially there were a number of questions of how to best get access to labs, how to manage that, can we manage it. I think there too, we were able to find practical solutions pretty quickly. And I'm actually a very positively surprised that how well the IP group is executing as we continue to send chips to manufacturing, as we can - as we continue to deliver new cores. And so I think the distribution of revenue is more a function of the uptake from the customer than anything else.
Aart de Geus: Yes. Let me go backward on that. As the working at home started to become - acted on with many of our customers, it did slow the interaction somewhat. We also saw some slowdown in our ability to hire people as quickly as we had planned. And those are the type of things that then tend to impact the orders' rates that one gets in. And so one can still - they always point I think that we could do better on the circumstances, but all-in-all, the reception through the types of capabilities that we have and the need have not diminished at all. As a matter of fact, you can see how a wave of concern has gone through many of our customers as they established work from home and immediately the security of many of those installations were somewhat in question. Now we ourselves barely touched that but that is not the field that we're in. But the secondary ramification of that is that people will look again harder at what to do in the software to protect from future security breaches. So from that perspective, I think the business opportunity is just as healthy as it was before. The circumstances will evolve and I think our execution can improve, and that's what we're focusing on.
Aart de Geus: That is an interesting question, because whenever supply chain starts to duplicate efforts, they actually become less efficient, which is actually not a bad thing for the people supplying to them in turn. And so I don't think that we see an enormous amount of effort in that yet. But clearly, there are sort of fairly big macro discussions on different countries wanting to have a high degree of independence of other countries, all the way to manufacturing of semiconductors, as you saw for the recent announcements of TSMC. And so I think that we're going to see a fairly dynamic evolution over the next year. And given that we're connected to all of those people very well, and suddenly intend for us to participate in whatever they're going to build and whatever they need to construct in a fashion that is good for our business.
Aart de Geus: Okay. I will try to answer that in less than half an hour. Let me start with the very good results from an order perspective. And frankly, I didn't know that seven years ago at that time we were more covered by single large customers making an impact. This was much broader. Nonetheless, when we entered the global pandemic crisis, it became instantaneously clear that there were more questions than answers on what this would do to the market, to the behavior of the customers and so on. And it was also instantaneously clear to Synopsys that as well as all hands on deck to make sure that we maintain strong relationships with the customers, first from a support point of view to make sure that they do well. And secondly, from the perspective of continuing to bring in the business, in order for us to be able to fund however long the downturn maybe. We executed on that clearly well. And as mentioned, I think one of the very early questions today, I think partially it is because we focus extremely well, but also because we had a good time with new products and new necessities from a design point of view, such as the new nodes, the advanced technologies, the increase of IP reuse, et cetera. And so we will continue to manage the way we've always done, which is we committed to you a - to - obviously, optimize the growth rate, but also to work towards the DevOps margin improvement and this helps in the right direction. But this also ties to your next question, which is what are the key trends behind this from a technology point of view. And what I must have called many years ago, specialty chips, now we would call AI and machine learning chips because that is really the whole generation that has completely readdressed architectures. And it's important to understand just a little bit why that is relevant to us because no matter what when you do computing engines such as for AI, you want speed, speed, speed, except these computing engines are extremely large machines of parallel small processors with very big data rates and often a big bandwidth. And so there every company that is - invested in that is doing their own thing and trying to be differentiated, and so they are truly specialty chips. And what is particularly interesting is a number of these are now splitting into multiple chips and that is why 3D IC Compiler is such an interesting product because after many, many years of worrying about Moore's law may be slowing down a little bit and it has slowed down somewhat, although it's much more alive than people think, this is a great answer if I can go to multiple chips that are extremely well connected. And so the specialty chips, as you call them are the architectures that are precisely driving the notion of bringing more chips together. Now, in that context, the prototyping is just as relevant because the other half of a product is the software that runs in it. And more complex these specialty chips are, the more complex the software is and the more - there is risk that the software doesn't work when the chip comes out or that the chip doesn't - wasn't quite responsive to the software it was intended to be on. That is where prototyping sits in the middle. It allows people to check and run their software before they actually have the hardware. And so I expect that we will see continued attention and growth to this and certainly, we are investing strongly in these areas. So the bottom line is, nobody will ever argue that strong order is not a good thing. Obviously, we have to execute now in the next few quarters. We'll see what the global economy does. I think that semiconductors is actually in a good spot, relatively speaking to most other markets and we have not seen a slowdown.
Aart de Geus: Well, this is a very difficult and hypothetical question because there's so many geopolitical forces de facto in play at the same time. I can tell you that so far, a number of companies have picked up very quickly where others could not develop themselves. And I expect that to continue because after all - and globally speaking, it's a very open market and people jump in when there is an opportunity one way or another. And so really - since the Entity List came about which was May last year, we obviously have learned how to live without, and really have not felt much change. Growth continues well in China. Actually, growth continues overall in the world, but China particularly, and there are many companies that are jumping in both there as well as in other parts of the globe.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, I think the most objective answer has to be that it's a combination of the two, meaning that, yes, we did see a slowdown as a number of customers just have been sidetracked into their own survival challenges in different ways, and that tends to slow down this type of investment, at the same time, and you saw a little bit of that in or commenting that our hiring was slower than planned. That is our own execution. That is in question. So bottom line is, we will need to put - continue to put effort in bringing this part of Synopsys into a very good profile. And we're doing exactly that. Now what gives confidence is that the problem is not shrinking at all and the solution that we have is getting better and better. Now you say, well that in itself, doesn't give you money. But, yeah, you're right, we have to work for that. But the problem will continue to grow and it will continue to grow because so many electronic systems are much more intertwined than they were before. And that will continue to happen in the present pathway that electronics is on. Therefore, there will be needed more assurances that the sub pieces have built in security in a variety of ways. That's certainly is massively the case on software, but as a side note, it will also increasingly be the case on the hardware side. So there is nothing that has changed in our opinion of this being a good market, a technically challenging, therefore particularly good market for us. And the combination of the overall situation and perhaps our own execution gave us - led us to this point. But let's not underestimate, this is actually a very good business for Synopsys. It is now growing a bit slower than we wanted this year. But it is well on track to have a good future.
Aart de Geus: Well, in that case, let me first thank you to attend. My assumption is that, if not all of you, most of you attend from home, so we hope that your home situations, family situations are also safe and sound. And all the more do we appreciate hearing your voice and having your support on a quarterly basis through these earnings releases. Please take care of yourself and be well. Bye-bye.
Adam Gonzalez: And first on the Software Integrity business, I'm just wondering if you could elaborate on some of the delay in business decisions that alluded to on - in the prepared remarks? And then what gives you the confidence in the low-double-digit growth target that you imply the business would grow this year? And then secondly, how have your sales efforts be impacted by the shelter-in-place orders, and say have your spending plans changed at all versus what they were last quarter? Thanks.
Adam Gonzalez: And then my follow-up, just generally speaking, do you see any read across EDA industry more broadly from the duplication of SMEs and tech supply chain seem to be progressing toward? Just asking, following up on TSMC's decision to build a fab in Arizona. Thanks.
Adam Gonzalez: Do you see any read across the EDA industry broadly from the duplication of supply chain efforts with US and China? Thanks.
