Trac Pham: Hi, Rich. That's part of it. Yes, it's a combination of both IP and hardware deliveries that is affecting the quarterly profile.
Trac Pham: Yes, you've taken a good point, which is that hardware and IP generally is more variable from quarter to quarter. And the way that we're projecting revenues for this year is no different than how we have done in the past. It's a combination of what is in backlog, as well as our assessment of our ability to close the deals that are in our pipeline and both in IP and hardware. So, it really does reflect our best estimate of the profile at this point.
Trac Pham: Yes. Rich, that's a good point. I'll start with the second half of your question, which is, is there any fundamental change in the business? And we don't see it that way. Certainly, we're very optimistic about that business and we do see a good outlook for it. We did see some challenges this year, which we were quick to address and we feel good that we should be able to continue to grow at the market rates or higher. And it is natural to us, it's a -- the natural ebbs and flows of growing the business.
Trac Pham: Well, certainly for the full year, we expect to be around 27% operating margin. As we've said in the past, the quarterly profile is really an outcome of the plan. Candidly, when I think about the budget for FY '21, 99% of my time is really been focused on the full-year plan and making sure that we've got an outlook for revenue growth that is sustaining where we are and are accelerating some areas, and then making sure that we're investing in the appropriate places, while simultaneously improving margins for this year. The outcome of the quarterly profile really is just the timing of these deals. So I wouldn't read too much into the quarterly profile, and I'll close it out by saying, we remain committed to our long-term commitment of high 20s in FY '21 and we will comment on that further as the year progresses.
Trac Pham: It's really kind of across the Board. The progress that we made this year in 2019 in terms of improving it by 3 percentage points really came across all areas of the business. We saw it across the different business groups from sales from the G&A functions. And it's really a continued and broad-based effort. For 2020 and beyond that we'll continue to do the same thing. It's really fine tuning across all areas of the business.
Trac Pham: We could probably help you with the quarterly profile in detail, but Q4 would likely tend to be the highest quarter for us given what we are -- what our visibility is at this point from both IP and hardware.
Trac Pham: We're not really seeing much seasonality in the business. And as we said, it really depends on the timing of when the IP has delivered or when the IP is pulled down by our customers. And you're going to see that variability increase due to 606. So, just keep that in mind, but overall, the demand drivers for IP continues to be really strong and that's reflected in our outlook for 2020.
Trac Pham: No, our long-term model spells it out pretty well between EDA, IP and Software Integrity. And typically, we don't break that down quarterly or on an annual basis. Our view is we do manage this business over a multi-year horizon and the beauty of it is that we have been pretty good about managing it within that range over time.
Trac Pham: Those sort of concerns are certainly factored into our guidance. I would reference you to how we performed historically and that's the great part of having a business that is close to 90% recurring is that there is adapting effect when things go through different cycles.
Trac Pham: In the K, we will discuss that. Do you have that number? I'm sorry, I don't have that number off the top of my head.
Trac Pham: Well, I'll give you some specific numbers around that. The backlog that we have scheduled for FY '20 is roughly 65%, that's lower than it's traditionally been, mostly because of the transition to 606 and with a hard -- higher mix of hardware and IP. From a modeling perspective, when we take into account what we have visibility to from hardware and IP. The range and -- the range of how we're building the business between backlog and turns and what we have visibility to is pretty consistent with what we've been managing to over the last few years.
Trac Pham: Hi Jay, this is Trac. So to your second question, you will see in our 10-K filing in a couple of weeks that the revenue for our largest customer will be down in 2019, and that is strictly a function of the hardware decline. The rest of the business, EDA and IP, grew very well in 2019.
Aart de Geus: The other thing I would add to that is, certainly, if you look at the Software Integrity business, it's a business where we're actually very young in an emerging situation and so there are many, many customers that we haven't even touched yet. And so I think that is a fairly open space. Now overall, obviously, we're are subject to the fluctuations of the global markets. But from a technology utilization point of view right now, I think the demand for technology is quite high. And so the rates continues to be quite fast.
Aart de Geus: Well, in general, as you know, we don't disclose the specific customers, nor do we disclose the subset of customers. Obviously, it has a negative impact, but at the same time, the guidance that we gave, which I think is rather strong has fully encompass the facts that we assuming zero return or zero revenue from the Entity List customers. So if things change for the better, we will let you know of course immediately. But for right now, the wisest path is to not comment much more about the situation.
Aart de Geus: No, we don't want to give color, because as you know, we always very cautious to not comment about specific customers. Maybe I can give a little color in a different dimension, which is we were quite diligent at finding opportunities to grow in a broader set of markets. And actually, if you look at our verification area and specifically the hardware, we did really, really well. And so, we have no doubt that the capabilities we offer, the very need for a lot of customers to run their software on prototypes where they don't have the real hardware yet, continues to be a great opportunity for us and we continue to both invest there and are bullish about the broader customer sets that we have.
Aart de Geus: Well, let me just take a first step back, given that we've had the unique experience of growing Synopsys literally through these phases as well. And I'm always thrilled by the fact that enterprises do go through different phases. And so, the $50 million company is very different than the $100 million and that in term is very different than the $0.25 billion [ph], and $500 million again is different. And the difference is essentially the complexity of how you manage not only internal product development and management, but also the external relationship with the customers. And this is certainly also true in the case of the Software Integrity group, because there too, there is also a bifurcation between large enterprise customers that typically are cautious and slow in adopting, but when they adopt they keep adopting and keep adopting and so they become over time the biggest spenders, versus many of the smaller agile companies that very quickly buy a few copies and then it's more ad hoc, how they expand. On top of that, you have the gradual broadening of geography, any of the startups that we acquired originally had certain geographies that they were focused on, we of course, are a global company and therefore open up broader domains. And then the third one, which is maybe more marked here that was in the semiconductor domain we originally was in -- were in is that they deal with individual verticals. And so, dealing with automotive is different than dealing with the financial sector or the health sector and so on. And so, you have sort of these multiple variables and now the question is, how do you deploy and manage your salespeople and support people, I should say against that backdrop of multiple dimensions? And that's just another way of saying, one continually learns and evolves and as we are looking now to Phase 2, which is the crossing of the $0.5 billion and beyond, that is essentially what we are talking about when we are saying, we have the opportunity to optimize our go-to-market again. And no doubt in 1.5 years, we will say it again.
Aart de Geus: Okay, Jay. The next big thing and of course, next is always a function of short-term, long-term, medium-term, you name it. But we have to say, I sort of agree with my answer that I gave you a number of months ago, which is that the more systems we complex, the more it's necessary to essentially build mark-ups, we call those prototypes of them to see how well they work, because the working is often illustrated on how well the software runs and the challenges may very well be inside of the hardware. But in other words, you always have a very complex modeling proposition of how do you create a prototype of the hardware, the level of abstraction of the hardware to use that word and then run software on its agency, how fast is it? How much power does it consume, or there weird stops? What happens if something breaks, can you restart it if it's in the middle of some lock-up of things like that. And these things become a dramatically more important if the systems also impact life dangerous situations, such as driving a car or operating as some machinery. And it is very clear that a lot of the world is going is actually in that direction. So, how well have we done with that. Well, initially, we went after some markets that was considered to be extremely slow moving in stodgy and that was the automotive market, and that's quite radically changed a few years ago when two things happened. One is a car [indiscernible] Jeep and it was literally driven off the street by somebody using a cell phone. And secondly people suddenly saw the coming about of autonomous driving with all the potential and the challenges for security and safety. And it's been quite remarkable to see how the OEMs. So these are the end car companies have in term pushed on their Tier 1, which is their supply chain, which in terms pushes on the semiconductor guys which is their supply chain to now start putting all of these capabilities in model, so that they can assemble at long before the car is actually already has a prototype. And so we've been central to that and it's been quite rewarding to see how quickly this has advanced on an industry that fundamentally for good reason has to be slow, because it has to be safe. Now the concept I just described, actually happens in all of the more sophisticated electronic systems and this is only true also for a cellular phone that has a very short time to market where one can run the software on an emulator for example and actually discover surprises before I actually ships the product. So, that is one of the many directions that we are going into and it literally takes advantage of our entire stack of relationships in the supply chain and stack of relationships in the technology levels.
Aart de Geus: Jay, you always give me the best summary of our hiring practices. But the increase of AEs invariably has to do with either products that are in deployment and need support as we harvest the opportunity and that's certainly the case in areas such as Fusion Compiler, custom and many of the place of verification, or it is a gradual rebalancing of the geography make up as different parts of the world grow different rates or have different needs at various times. It is rarely the needs to increase specific skills, because our teams are actually quite strong and very broad, but every so often, bringing in some specialists, let's say, for example, in the prototyping or in the intersection of hardware and software can be quite beneficial as well. So, the fact that we are hiring, I think you can take as a positive in general and adding much more, it probably enters the competitive knowledge space, I'll refrain from that. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Yes, that's correct. I think we said that we hold SIG probably roughly flat and now of course that means if the rest of the ops margin for the Company growth and everybody has to chip in. And we have obviously multiple parts in the Company, everybody is sensitized to the operating margin that we want to achieve for the Company. And so all of the BUs and subgroups are all focusing on how do we get there, while at the same time not making any compromises for future growth. And so, you are probably aware that somewhat loosely, we used the rule of 40 as a guideline and so there is room for people to make improvements to get there. But on a strongly positive note, I think, Synopsys throughout management is not only sensitize to this desire, but very committed and has budget and plans to get there. So, from year to year, I think different BUs will get a little bit more or less of a reprieve as a function of the investment needed or corrections or whatever else we need to do, but in aggregate, we all know that we want to deliver on the numbers that we are guiding you towards.
Aart de Geus: Well, realize, of course, that if figures roughly 10% of Synopsys is tuned by definition, the rest of 90%, and we have multiple very different efforts in EDA and we have a relatively large, but still less than a quarter of the Company IP business. And so obviously, between those different groupings, they all have to contribute. And if I'm not mistaken, all but one of the businesses are heading towards improving ops margin, one of them is heading a little bit more towards growing the revenue, but in aggregate, and it's sometimes difficult to measure because they intertwine in the deals and so on. But in aggregate, it's all heading in the same direction, which has put a dent in the rule of 40.
Aart de Geus: Sorry, if I was not clear enough, but my statement was that the next milestone is to pass $0.5 billion. I did not say that it would pass $1 billion next year. And so, we gave you a sense of the growth rate for SIG at 15% to 20%, which we think is a bit above the markets that it is in right now. And so, fundamentally, there is no real change in the past that Synopsys is on and all its components from what we did this year and the past year. We're fortunate to have a set of businesses that are all doing well, some are very profitable also. And so it's an aggregate improvement that manifest itself in the financial result largely because of many years of big investments and a number of, I think, really good acquisitions that got integrated well. So, we are continuing the pathway and if you want to get a different sense of Synopsys, then just graph our results over the last 10 years and then you'll see a very different level of stability of how we manage the Company.
Aart de Geus: Well, the AI field itself is a field that has its own specialty and many, many companies that all making different bets. And it's useful to take a small step backwards, which is fundamentally, AI has one need, which is much, much, much, much, much faster computation. Well, no matter how hard we push on Moore's Law and so on, that's hard to achieve. And so the answer by definition has to be therefore, architectures will become optimized for different applications. Now, architectures can mean chips, it can be groups of chips, it can be FPGAs, it can be a combination of things. And actually a number of the very large suppliers who provide combinations of processors together was graphics processors together was FPGA pieces, all with one objective optimize for an architecture that's appropriate for specific situation. And so, in many ways, we ourselves have been a user of these capabilities, because of course, we use a lot of computation for our software tools. But the hardware tools that we provide is our own way to say for certain tasks, such as for simulation, we can do much better on an emulator or FPGA board. So, I expect all of these technologies to continue to evolve to continue to be available in various combinations and the race will continually be on of how do you build machines that can do really well. My last comment is, we ourselves are the provider of tools to a vast, vast group of emerging AI companies. And this is encouraging, because I think those people will not give up for quite a while in trying new architectures and some will ultimately go into very large volume. And so, in many ways, we see a number of those companies as hard technology drivers for Synopsys. And business wise, we're doing very well with them.
Aart de Geus: Well, given that, as you heard, we had a very strong '19. We have a great outlook for '20. The market around us, which was a bit soft last year, looks up slight bit. There are a lot of uncertainties as we all know, but meanwhile, I think we're executing well and this is also a good time to say thank you to you for your support. You're often provocative and stimulating questions and we'll be back with some of you in the next half hour or so. Thank you.
