Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. Reaching $3 billion in revenue is a great accomplishment that not only reflects our financial execution, but also demonstrates that our strategy and investments for the long-term are paying off. This is evident in our strong performance this quarter and improved outlook for Q4. As a result, we’re raising our 2018 revenue and non-GAAP EPS guidance. Now to the numbers. As I talk through the results and targets, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue increased 12% to $780 million, reflecting strength across our product portfolio and in all geographies. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $716 million, which includes a $26 million charge for the Mentor Graphics patent litigation settlement. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $612 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 21.5%. GAAP earnings per share were $0.52. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.95, exceeding our target range due to strong revenue growth and operational execution. Operating cash flow for the quarter was $289 million, reflecting very strong collections and offset by a one-time payment of $65 million related to the Mentor legal settlement. Cash and cash equivalents at quarter-end were $741 million, 18% of which is onshore, with total debt at $622 million. We launched a $165 million accelerated share repurchase in May, bringing our total buybacks year-to-date to $400 million. As a result, we’ve been able to reduce our share count versus last year. We currently have $325 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. We’re progressing very well with our integration of Black Duck, and remain on track to achieve our 2018 target of $55 million to $60 million in revenue. This estimate reflects a purchase accounting deferred revenue haircut of about $20 million. In addition, we continue to expect Black Duck to be approximately $0.12 dilutive to 2018 non-GAAP EPS and to reach break-even in the second-half of 2019. Before moving on to guidance, let me provide some brief commentary about the new ASC 606 revenue accounting rules, which will go into effect for us in fiscal 2019, beginning in November. As we’ve previously discussed, we do expect a one-time loss of backlog at the time of transition. While revenue recognized under the new rules will be slightly lower than under the current rules, we do not expect a material impact based on our current forecast, and there is no impact on cash flows or the economics of the business. As we look to 2019, please note that we’re still working through our normal budgeting process, and are assessing the business outlook, coming off another record hardware and IP year in 2018. Therefore, we would suggest that it’s premature to change your 2019 estimates until we provide detailed guidance next quarter. We will also provide a full-year, full view of our long-term operating model objectives and assumptions at that time. In the meantime, let me reiterate what Aart said. We intend to increase operating margin in 2019 and beyond, with a goal of reaching 26% in the next three years and the high 20s longer-term. Now to fourth quarter and fiscal 2018 guidance, which reflects overachievement in Q3 and incremental upside in Q4. For Q4, the targets are: revenue between $774 and $804 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $722 and $738 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $655 and $665 million; other income and expenses between minus $3 million and minus $1 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 13%; outstanding shares between $153 million and $156 million; GAAP earnings of $0.39 to $0.47 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.76 to $0.80 per share. The revised targets for fiscal 2018 are therefore: revenue of $3.1 billion to $3.13 billion; other income and expenses between minus $5 million and minus $3 million; a non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 13%; outstanding shares between $153 million and 156 million; GAAP earnings of $1.55 to $1.63 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $3.89 to $3.93 per share; capital expenditures of about $110 million; and cash flow from operations of $460 million to $500 million, reflecting the one-time Mentor legal settlement. In conclusion, we delivered strong Q3 results and are raising full-year guidance for both revenue and non-GAAP earnings, reflecting another year of double-digit growth. We reached $3 billion in revenue by investing to carry out our growth strategy, while also delivering on our earnings commitments and returning cash to shareholders through a consistent stock repurchase program. We’re confident in our balanced approach to maximizing long-term shareholder value, making the most of compelling revenue growth opportunities while also driving operating leverage. Let me now turn it over to the operator for questions.
Trac Pham: Okay, Gary. You’re in the ballpark, Gary. The – it’s really a timing of the expenses and nothing unusual. I wouldn’t take the Q4 expense ramp and normalize it for next year. Given how strong our outlook is for the year, we’re seeing a true-up in our variable comp program this quarter and the next quarter as well. So it’s really a reflection of very strong outlook for the year.
Trac Pham: That’s a good question, Rich. I think if you were to look at the commentary that we provided in the past around our investments in Black Duck digital and even Coverity when we started five years ago, it would probably – our overall operating margins would probably go up on the order of 250 basis points because of the investments in the new TAM.
Trac Pham: It’s still little early. I think, I would say, it’s safe to say, it’s somewhere between 13 and where it’s been historically 19.
Trac Pham: And again, we are in the midst of working through how we’re going to approach tax strategy going forward in light of the very significant changes in the U.S. tax – U.S. taxes.
Trac Pham: Yes, I think you answered the question there, John. We’re not prepared to talk about the FY 2019 or the components of the long-term model. But definitely, we’ll give you more details of that in December. At a high level, I would refer you to the comments that we’ve made in the past in terms of where we see the growth for the different areas of the business. Traditionally, we expect growth in EDA in the low to mid-single digits. IP is comfortably in the low-double digits, and then software integrity is in that 20% range. The other thing I would highlight is in terms of revenue growth year-over-year, keep in mind that we’ve got the benefit of the extra week for this year, which accounts for about 2% impact. And then even though, I think, at a high level that 606, the new rev rec rules will be immaterial to the the results. It will have a slight negative impact too to the numbers. But we’ll give you more details to that coming December.
Trac Pham: The organic growth for SIG, generally, we think the market is growing in the 20% range and we’re keeping pace with that.
Trac Pham: Overall, I think that, I would say, the majority of what growth, which we’re seeing in the business right now is organic. The acquisitions we made this year that has material impact is really on Black Duck. And keep in mind, while we’re successful in terms of driving that north of 250, this is on a $3 billion-plus business. And you’re seeing growth across the entire portfolio and you’re seeing across all regions. So a lot of healthy growth.
Trac Pham: Well, we haven’t talked about that separation. I’d just say, we’d safely say though a good portion of a large portion of our growth for this year is organic.
Trac Pham: You can see where that’s coming from to is, we’re having a phenomenal year on IP, and the growth rate in EDA has been very strong for the last two years.
Trac Pham: You’re starting at the highest level of – the increase in 26% will really be operational. As far as reporting goes, 606 has two impacts for us. One is on the impact of revenues for next year, which would be is negative, but we think is immaterial. As far as the impact on commissions, the net-net of that is going to be neutral over the next few years. So when we talk about improving operating leverage, it really truly is operating leverage as opposed to any reporting benefit or drag. And while I’m on the topic, we’ll give more details in 2019 of December, but we want to clarify that. When talk about margin improvement, we do expect margin improvement in 2019 even with the impact of 606. The specific amount, I think, we’ll have to test out, but we do expect margins to improve.
Trac Pham: Keep in mind, Mitch, that the – there’s a few things that actually roll up into COGS, it’s not just hardware. So I wouldn’t extrapolate changes in gross margins as strictly an impact of variation in hardware. Remember, we – the Sidense acquisition that we made last year, which is a services business – security services business, you’ll see the COGS flow that line. And then the other part is, there’s an element of IP specifically, the consulting part of IP that’s recognized on a percentage completion basis, and you’ll see COGS there. And there’s really no correlation between the movements in COGS and gross margins, because the variability of IP and hardware as we stressed over the last few years has been very lumpy.
Trac Pham: But overall when we look at individually of that, we feel like we’re running the business in a appropriate way as far as margins for – at the gross margin level for each of those businesses.
Trac Pham: Yes, you hit the big one. So let’s take – let’s start with the guidance for the year. It’s 460 to 500. We had – we have about $165 million of one-time items for this year, right? At the beginning of the year, we had a $33 million payment related to the Q4 repatriation. Early in the year, we also had an outflow $65 million related to the Hungarian tax dispute. Now keep in mind, that’s still pending, but we had to pay in order to litigate. And then in this past quarter, we had a $65 million outflow for the Mentor settlement. And so at that end, it’s – you can see that the business is healthy and generating very, very strong cash flows.
Aart de Geus: Sure. The first thing is to understand clearly why people are interested in the cloud. It’s to find sort of the sweet spots between available performance and the economics, and this is often driven by the need to have point utilization go up for a short periods of time, for example. From a practical point of view, all large customers have very large clouds themselves. We have a very large cloud. And actually, we have quite a number of customers that are running the software on our own cloud, and we have a substantial number of customers that are running our software on commercial clouds already. It’s also noteworthy to say that we have an ability to provide also our emulation through the cloud. And so the combination of all of those have definitely provided opportunities for customers to either get peak performance or if they’re very small to start without having to make big investments. The comment on security is one that on one hand have dramatically improved, on the other hand never quite goes away. And you’re correct that quite a number of years ago, there was a very high concern about security and rightfully so, I would say. Today, that is substantially better resolved It is also the case that customers are a little bit more centered in terms of how they look at the issues. I think, on the margin, any system retain certain vulnerabilities and, of course, that is helped or hopefully helped by our other part of our business. But fundamentally, I think, the time for doing certain things on a variety of clouds is upon us.
Aart de Geus: Yes, if I can answer that, you may recall that every time we’ve made one of the major acquisitions, we said that notwithstanding the fact that these companies typically tended to not be particularly profitable in the first place. There was a haircut in that we typically would work through those in a period of 18 to 36 months. And I grant you that’s a fairly broad window, but the circumstances were all different. I think, we are living up very much to that. And so an additional reason why we think that now the time has arrived for that business to see some operating leverage is that we are a critical mass. The integrations have gone well. And in general, the markets that we hope would be a positive market has definitely manifest itself. So we see growth opportunities. So it’s our job now to make sure that, that additional growth comes at high degree of profitability.
Aart de Geus: I wouldn’t say pent-up demand. I think that, that we manage the demands by virtue of introducing the product gradually, which allowed us to make sure that it was really a solid by the time we went to general availability. And also some customers were clearly further ahead and they’re thinking about how to bring up software on hardware as part of a strategy to increase the speed with which he could bring products to market. And they’re now a number of quite extraordinary stories of chips for cell phones, for example, for smartphones, that literally shaves off the number of months to go-to-markets and I had to tell you that, that’s a market that is hypercompetitive. And so I think, the capabilities are coming online at the very moments, where the demand is strong. And so we have high hopes for the new Server 4 ZeBu.
Aart de Geus: Hi, Tom, I had a hard time hearing you. But I think the question was, where is the operating margin expansion coming from whether it’s specifically to software integrity or across the board? I would – yes, the short answer is, it’s going to be across the board. Having reached $3 billion of revenues, we’re at a point where we should be able to drive cooperating leverage in the business. The expansion is going to come through a combination of both solid revenue growth going forward and looking for improvements in the way they were executing on the various businesses.
Aart de Geus: Well, we generally don’t comment on what our acquisition strategy is. And so going into it, we’ll look at each deal on its own and whether or not it fits into the overall strategy.
Aart de Geus: So the – if you look at the advanced nodes, the nodes that are now moving into substantial production that are most advances is really 7-nanometer. The 5-nanometer is now technically ready and the first designs are being done and the 3-nanometer is at least, to say, at least is work in progress, I would say. But what is quite astounding is that, these technologies would have been viewed as impossible again a number of years ago and here we go. And that’s a theme that we know well for like over 20 years now. And so we are in the midst of quite exciting technologies that are in high demand, but also demand – the high degree of sophistication of the tools, and so we feel right at home.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, in my mind there has been no doubt already for many years that while general computing will continue to be pushed forward massively, especially at general offerings in the cloud, that the demands of the emerging machine learning in AI techniques are that with the present success. The one thing you’d like to have is not 2x more computation, but a 1,000x more computation. And so no matter how hard you squeeze the silicon technology and who get squeeze still further, there’s no reason to be able to believe that you could get thousand times faster results. And so what can you do? Well, the thing you can do is to say reduced the breadth of the problem, i.e., go to special processors that do a task particularly well and now suddenly you are in the 10 and 100x more capabilities, and you can call that an ASIC, or you can call that dedicated processors. But that is where this is heading at a rapid speed. And the evidence is already clearly visible and we can see it in our own business, because in the last few years, we have had a number of brand new semiconductor companies that all are building the ultimate AI chip, and we’ll see which one is the ultimate. But the investments are broad. We see a number of existing players add substantial dedicated engines to their offering. And so I think, the push will be on – in every dimension. And we benefit from that, because these are designs that all immediately go to the leading edge that used the most advanced the silicon techniques that typically drive the complexity of the chips to the maximum that is manufacturable at a, not even reasonable cost, but affordable cost, and it’s driving the state-of-the-art. Lastly, I wouldn’t underestimate the amount of effort that is also going into various forms of storage and, of course, the communication between processing and storage, because, of course, the term big data is not new to you and there’s a lot of data. And so the key is going to be where do you keep it and how quickly does it become accessible for computation. So all of this, I think, bodes well for the domains that we’re in, including the very fact that there are also some risk factors in the form of security around these systems. And we have the good fortune of touching many of those from multiple angles.
Aart de Geus: Well, as you know, the growth rates are a function not only of the technical needs and the demand, they’re also a function of the health of the semiconductor industry. And as you may remember many years ago actually, five, six, seven years ago, there was always this lamenting of the semiconductor industry not growing particularly well. Well, the opposite has been the case precisely, because that very industry supplies the hardware that makes this possible. And so it’s really a phenomenon that is actually pretty broad. That doesn’t mean that every year will be an incredible banner year. I think, it’s more that the solidity of – about the market that we serve and of our own market is higher. And maybe that is an additional reason why we’re looking at healthy growth going forward, but also the opportunity to focus more and increase our operating leverage in that process. So I would consider both of those terms part of a healthy market.
Aart de Geus: Well, we actually, I think, have examples, I would say, broadly across the spectrum. But your opening comment is actually right on, which is that the variety of verification or analysis tools tends to go to the cloud first, because they’re very batch-centric. And so you do large simulations there, for example, or large verifications and I think that will continue for awhile. We have really not announced what we’re doing in this area. And so I don’t want to have too many comments on this. But I think, the gist of your question has its own answer, it is very much verification.
Aart de Geus: Okay. So regarding the internal – the external indicators there, obviously, multiple sort of horizons around that. The macro horizon is all around the belief that the – both connectivity and smarts of the electronics world is dramatically changing. And both of those words are relevant, because they imply large amounts of data being moved around with risk, i.e., security risks. And then, but also with the need to be manipulate, stored and so on. And therefore, opportunities for silicon utilization and new chips. As we zoom in a little bit more into the Software Integrity business and I assume most of your question is motivated by that. There we also serve that what difference, let’s say then, at least the last 10 years-plus in EDA or IP is, we are still getting many more new customers, meaning, logos that we’ve never touched or even never heard of before. While simultaneously seeing that a number of companies that we’ve done business with for a number of years are gradually moving to a larger spending levels, because they adopt more with more users or with more departments in the larger companies. And those two things we watch, we measure, we look at the renewal rates, essentially, we continue to try to assess is the business healthy. And so the combination of the external landscape and the internal execution so far have been good. When you talk about companies like NVIDIA that are extremely sophisticated, they also have extremely sophisticated utilization of our tools of combinations of our tools of certain things that they have added to this. And the word methodology is right on, which is really great companies know what to pay attention to and when to pay attention to in the flow. So that they a, reduce risk and b, maximize how much they can squeeze out of the given silicon technology. In general to your point of do people have to evolve their methodology? My answer would be absolutely yes. The complexity that we see is changing, not only in scale, meaning, more transistors. But also in systemic complexity, meaning, more dimensions that have to be satisfied simultaneously. And the traditional dimensions of speed, area and power are still very foundational. But so is now the approach to temperature, thermal issues on a chip the dealing with the reliability and safety of certain constructs in automotive spaces and so on. And then on top of that is increasingly the intersection between hardware and software, where a lot of issues popup, but also opportunities are sitting. So it’s in that context that we provide an increasingly large amount of methodology support and help. And also in our Fusion Technology have integrated a number of tools together to essentially accelerate what could be viewed as methodology, but is really the intersection between tools. So this may sound somewhat convoluted and complex and for us is actually good news, because that’s where we add value.
Aart de Geus: Well, we’ve said before that we do see this business growing in the 20% range. And so after that, you probably did the math correctly. We’re not pre-announcing 2019, but directionally, you’re certainly right on the mark. From a probability point of view in a very rapidly growing business, we have commented on the individual pieces, where each one of the companies we acquired over time were becoming profitable in eight to 36 months. We have commented I believe on Black Duck turning profitable in the second-half of next year. And so you can see that, in aggregate, all of that is moving in the right direction. And yes, there will be a bit of trading off how we look at growth versus profitability and how we manage that. But in the bigger picture of Synopsys, the numbers that you’re mentioning essentially say, this is heading towards being 10% of the overall company. And while it’s material forward to the bottom line, it is in that range of its contribution.
Aart de Geus: Yes. Well, again, I’m a little reluctant to get too close to giving directives for 2019 largely, because we’re not done with our own process. And we tend to not extrapolate from years that are not great and not extrapolate from years that are great. We just want to be careful and making sure that we hit it just right against what we think we can deliver. Having said that, I think, the reason why overall growth is good is, because the external factors of the importance of electronics and used electronics has the broader term for combination of hardware and software are very positive. The complexity is all coming our way in the EDA’s direction for providing sophisticated tools. And I think that over the last few years, we have proactively made investments that maybe penalize the OPs margin a bit, but we’re, I think, right on from a strategic point of view. So we feel that we’re in the right position. So the combination of all of that says, okay, we’re looking forwards to give you a predictions on 2019, but we’ll do that at the end of last year. And lastly, we continue to see in a number of areas the run rate of the company grow. And so, at least, it says, we have a fairly solid outlook.
Aart de Geus: Well, we can make things work quite well in the cloud. It is different than when people own their own environment for a variety of reasons. It is also interesting that, the EDA utilization of computation tends to be at the high-end of sophistication. Meaning that our programs are arguably among the most complex and demanding in the software world period. And so they tend to use both maximum computational power, but also need a high degree of memory availability to actually run the very large designs that are there. And so we have quite a number of customers that on their own run a number of our products on the cloud. I think, they are continually looking at the economics in their favor or are they better off if they are a large customer to do it themselves. And I think that won’t go away anytime soon.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, in general, every time we introduced anything new in reality, it reduces complexity, it adds more things that you have to know about what that technology is. And while EUV has different needs in terms of masks or fewer needs in terms of mask-making, it is typically limited to only the lowest layers, because it’s quite expensive and slow. And the design has to be prepared well for those techniques. And so we’re quite familiar with EUV needs and satisfy those. And so I wouldn’t say that EUV has changed our business perspective massively. I’m looking at it more as a – well, the push for smaller dimensions is still continuing. And so it touches another part of our company more, which is the part that is doing simulations in three dimensions of very small features, because some of those features are new – are only possible if you use EUV. But for the broad designs, it is really a set of steps that that is related to the manufacturing that we have solutions for. I don’t think it changes our business picture all that much at this point in time.
Aart de Geus: This is a very complex question, because even when you said we’re attracting a lot with automotive companies for a long time, it almost feels that we were interacting, they were not. And the reason was that automotive companies for many, many years had a layer of suppliers called the Tier 1s that really provide them with subsystems. And what the automotive companies did, they would give the general spec of what a subsystem needed to do to them and the Tier 1s would deliver. And the Tier 1s in turn would go to the semiconductor people and those we certainly knew very well and then have certain demands for automotive characteristics in the chips. And so we have worked our way literally up, the value chain, so to speak. And now in the last few years, we have certainly had many more interactions directly with people that actually sell cars and so automotive companies. And you say why did that change? Well, the change is, because the two macro changes on the automotive industry, one is electrification and the second one is the push towards autonomous driving are so phenomenally deep that companies have to deal with this. What has come down from the OEM – from the automotive companies through this food chain all the way to us is that notion of safety now have to be anchored in how certain chips are designed, and we are pushing right up, because we’re adding the notion of security, which is mostly manifests as software back up to them. So to say the least, we have a much richer set of interactions with them. The industry will, in my opinion, struggle with your question. Meaning that, if you want to design something for a 20- year life, just imagine using the products that we have 20 years ago and you are a most modern smartphone, it’s completely inconceivable. And so I think these car companies re going to have to go to mechanisms, where certain part of their platform is meant to survive long periods of utilization. But some of the pieces will be upgradable over the years. And that in itself is a challenging question, because if you upgrade something, there you make sure it still works. And so you can see that the number of technology problems that are moving up the value chain is phenomenal. And while we, of course, play with many others that bring great value. I think, we’re well-positioned to connect with these companies in multiple dimensions. My last comment is, this is also visible by the way in our Software Integrity business, and we’ve already done a number of transactions some quite significant directly with automotive companies. And this is almost like coming at this company from two completely different angles. But at the end of the day, they all connect back to the intersection of hardware software.
Aart de Geus: Well, thank you very much for participating in the earnings release today. It has a little bit of a special color by version of the $3 billion milestone. And so we do appreciate that many of you have covered and followed the company for many years. And while we may differ in perspective from time to time, we are also very often aligned and we always feel that your reporting is to the point and appreciate the very support that you have given our company. And so on to the next milestone and thank you for the time spent today.
