Shelagh Glaser: Thank you, Sassine. 2023 was an excellent year highlighted by record revenue, record non-GAAP operating margin, and record earnings. We continue our strong execution with financial discipline and are confident in our business heading into 2024, driven by our execution and leadership position across our segment, robust chip and system design activity by our customers who continue to invest through semiconductor cycles and with $8.6 billion in non-cancellable backlog, the stability and resilience of our time-based business model. As a result, while the macro environment is uncertain. We expect to grow revenue 12.4% to 13.5%, expand non-GAAP operating margin by approximately 2 percentage points, and drive non-GAAP PPS growth of 19% to 20% in 2024. Let me provide some highlights of our full year 2023 results. We generated total revenue of $5.84 billion, up 15% over the prior year, with double digit growth across all key products and geographies. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $4.6 billion and total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $3.8 billion, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 35.1%. GAAP earnings per share were $7.92 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $11.19, up 26% year-over-year. Now onto our segment. Design automation segment revenue was $3.78 billion, up 14% driven by strengths in EDA software and hardware. Design automation adjusted operating margin was 38.1%. Design IP segment revenue was $1.54 billion, up 17%, driven by broad-based strength. Design IP adjusted operating margin was 34.5%. Software integrity revenue was $525 million, up 13%, and adjusted operating margin was 14.5%. Turning to cash. Operating cash flow for the year was $1.7 billion. We ended the year with cash and short-term investment of $1.59 billion and total debt of $18 million. During the year we completed buybacks of $1.2 billion or 80% of free cash. Now to targets which reflect the impact from export control regulations and assume no further changes for the year. Based on our current assessment of timing of hardware and IP deliveries, we expect the first half, second half split of approximately 48% to 52% for revenue and non-GAAP EPS. For fiscal year 2024, the full year targets are revenue of $6.57 billion to $6.63 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $5.0 billion and $5.05 billion, total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $4.14 billion and $4.18 billion, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin improvement of roughly 2 percentage points, non-GAAP tax rate of 15%, GAAP earnings of $9.07 to $9.25 per share, non-GAAP earnings of $13.33 to $13.41. Cash flow from operations of approximately $1.4 billion, which includes an impact of approximately $200 million of 2023 taxes that we will pay in ‘24 and approximately $400 million of higher cash taxes due to the amortization of R&D expense. Following 2024, we expect cash tax growth rate to be approximately in line with operating income growth over a multi-year period. Now to targets for the first quarter, which includes an extra week compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2023. Revenue between $1.63 billion and $1.66 billion, which includes approximately $70 million from the extra week. Total GAAP cost and expenses between $1.22 billion and $1.24 billion, total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $1.02 billion and $1.03 billion, GAAP earnings of $2.40 to $2.50 per share, non-GAAP earnings of $3.40 to $3.45 per share, including approximately $0.14 from the extra week. Our press release and financial supplement include additional targets and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation. I also want to highlight that we will be hosting our Investor Day on March 20th, which will be held in conjunction with our Synopsys Users Group event in Santa Clara. We look forward to seeing many of you there. In conclusion, we entered 2024 with momentum and confidence, reflecting our leadership position across our segments, robust design activity by our customers who continue to invest through semiconductor cycles, and the stability and resiliency of our time-based business line. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Shelagh Glaser: Sure, as Sassine said, we had a record in 2023. We expect another record in 2024, and we're building inventory to be able to fulfill our customer demands.
Shelagh Glaser: So, Vik, thanks for the question. This is Shelagh. I'll jump in on that. So we're obviously taking a balanced stance as Sassine had talked about at the we're at a 13% growth year-over-year. And we're seeing design automation, Design IP have incredibly strong momentum. You mentioned the $8.6 billion backlog. We're seeing that growth in line with our long-term targets. And we're seeing AI as a catalyst, but it's in its early inning. So we think it's a long-term growth catalyst. And we're looking forward to having it be able to help drive our business over the horizon. But the two headwinds are China, as we've talked about the macro situation in China and the restrictions that have been imposed on China, are having some dampening effect. We expect China to grow in '24, but at a lesser rate than it grew in '23. And the other headwind that we have is we are expecting a muted environment for enterprise software spend to impact our software integrity business, and we're assuming that, that business will be single-digit growth in 2024. So it's the combination of those headwinds and tailwinds that's leading to our 13% growth rate at the midpoint.
Shelagh Glaser: Yeah, Jason, thanks for the question. So the total impact from taxes is $600 million as we're moving to the new tax guidance where R&D is capitalized. Out of that $600 million, $200 million of it was payable in November. We've already paid it, which was for 2023 and then $400 million of that $600 million is for 2024. And again, both of those are impacted by the amortization of R&D. As we move forward, as we move into 2025 and beyond, we anticipate that the growth of the cash tax rate will align with the growth the growth of our operating income. So there is a bit of a big step up this year. We do not anticipate that same level step up as we move forward.
Shelagh Glaser: It is because we're now going forward for the foreseeable future, we will be amortizing R&D. And for us, about half of our R&D is in the US and about half of our R&D is outside the US. So that new scheme is with us for the foreseeable future.
Shelagh Glaser: There's not a -- I wouldn't note a different percent of FSAs. It's certainly something that many of our customers who are purchasing IP prefer that model, but there's not a different mix.
Shelagh Glaser: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So the backlog was broad-based. It was across multiple customers. And as Sassine said, some of them was larger renewals and new deals that we booked. There was -- there's no change in the duration in our contracts. So there's no change from our typical duration. As we were putting the forecast together for the year, we are really balancing the headwinds and tailwinds that we're seeing in the business, and we're seeing because of the backlog, we're seeing very strong momentum in the core business in design automation and Design IP where we're seeing the headwinds is on China, in particular, which obviously has been a large growth driver for us for the last several years. We're seeing that growth rate slower and then the other one is SIG, which the Software Integrity business is still -- we anticipate going to be impacted by a difficult software enterprise purchasing environment. And so that's why we've got that business forecast at single-digit growth. So it's really the balancing of those things. But we are seeing design automation and design IP aligned with our long-term goals for those businesses.
Shelagh Glaser: Yeah. It's really just the balance of how we see the customers wanting to ingest our hardware and our IP business. So it's fairly aligned also with what we saw in '23 and fairly aligned with what we saw in '21.
Shelagh Glaser: Yeah. And I would add that on the recurring revenue question, we're not expecting a substantial change in that. We've had a record hardware year in '22 and '23, and we're expecting another one in '24, but the overall business is growing too. So it won't substantially change the mix of recurring revenue. Thank you for the question.
Sassine Ghazi: Yeah, thanks for the question. In terms of the need, exactly the way you highlighted it, the requirement to develop software early and having a hardware assisted verification to enable that step in the process is not only continuing, is accelerating with many system companies are trying to design their chip or even if they're getting a chip from a semiconductor company, they want to start their software development and verification of the system early. And this is where our HAPS and ZeBu platform comes in to enable that part of the solution. We're anticipating that to continue into 2024. As you saw as well, we had a record year for our hardware-assisted verification in ‘23, and we don't anticipate anything different that will change going into 2024. As for the inventory comment, I'll turn it to Shelagh for comments.
Sassine Ghazi: So again, exactly the way you're outlining the requirement, there is two factors. There's the complexity and then there is the different methods of designing an SoC or chip with multi-die is opening up the door for new protocols, UCIE, the PCIe, the CXL, the one that you've listed. There are different protocols for various markets for automotive. As they expand their sophistication in developing the electronic system, it requires different requirements for the IP, interface IP for an automotive application. What we outlined in the script as well is today, we are the leading supplier for TSMC, Samsung and Intel Foundry business. And that puts us in a great position because most of these complex chip developments are on these advanced foundries. And today, we are in a very fortunate position to be the partner and the leader in providing the IP for that business. So we expect that growth to continue, given the market demand for the sophisticated chips will continue.
Sassine Ghazi: We really took a balanced approach as we look at the guidance and the forecast for FY '24. We took into account some of the headwinds that we're seeing and of course, the number of the tailwinds that we are observing in the market. A couple of the headwinds, as we mentioned, one of them is China. And the two factors. One is the continued export restrictions and the other one that I'm sure all of you are observing, which is the macro economy inside China. The other headwind we took into account is the continued stress and pressure from enterprise software spending that does impact our software integrity business. From tailwinds, and this is where we get excited about is exactly what we're seeing, the AI as a megatrend is driving amazing silicon demand and that silicon demand is complex. It's on the most advanced nodes and it's giving us an amazing opportunity for our design automation and design IP. So as we took into account the both headwinds and the tailwinds. We came with a balanced view of the guidance around 13% midpoint for FY '24.
Sassine Ghazi: Maybe we made it look too easy, Joe, but there was a lot of work that started well ahead of the DAC time frame. If I take a quick step back, when we talk about Synopys.ai, there are really four pillars under it. The one that we -- the first one we did produce was DSO.ai in the 2020 time frame. That was focused mostly on optimizing the -- our product and using every opportunity to leverage machine learning and AI in the product and around the product. The second pillar, which is what we're calling a collaborative capability using Gen AI, and that's what we announced with Microsoft, which is using a CoPilot approach for supporting our users for knowledge-based or workflow-based or results co-pilot and assistance. And that's in our announcement where AMD, Intel, Microsoft were some of the early users of the technology. Then we talked a little bit about what's coming down the path, which is around both generative and autonomous capability using Gen AI and natural language. We're super excited actually about the early results we're seeing with the co-pilot in terms of the productivity of our customers and users.
Sassine Ghazi: So the way we're thinking and we expect this over the last few calls, which is AI will be offered to our customers through a subscription license, meaning, if a customer wants to use an AI capability, be it a DSO.ai or VSO.ai, it will be offered as an incremental spend for the customer to get access to that technology. And in some early adopter cases where they’re still not ready to make the long-term commitment, we're offering it as well in terms of consumption base. They may be looking for one project to use it, et cetera. And the Copilot in particular case, it's still be early, fairly maybe early stage in terms of us to talk about monetization and how is it contributing overall. But those are the flexibility tools per se, we're providing the customer to get access to it.
Sassine Ghazi: With AI, we communicated last quarter that what we're observing on average and that average emphasizing the average because in some cases, we were seeing a much bigger number or a lesser number. About 20% contract-over-contract growth when a customer is renewing their EDA agreement and asking for the AI capability to be added. The other point that I made earlier with Vivek, I'd like to emphasize as well, that we are in early stages of that monetization with AI. We still have customers that they are in early adoption, meaning if they have x number of projects, they may be using it on one or two projects and other customers, they started early and they're going more aggressively. But to give you a sense, it's roughly 20% on the EDA side contract-over-contract growth we're observing.
Sassine Ghazi: Yeah. Thank you, Jay, for the question. You're right. The whole domain-specific architecture I want to say, about six, seven years ago, we started seeing a number of customers investing in it, mostly hyperscalers. And you can argue before that couple of the mobile companies started optimizing based on their own system software optimizing their silicon. With the hyperscalers, initially, the target was -- can they -- based on the workload -- on a specific workload, can they develop a chip that is more effective for power, performance cost, et cetera. And the answer is yes, and they made a number of these investments. Now you're seeing another wave of expanded investment around AI and how can they train the models that they are creating for, again, their specific applications. And I'm sure you've noticed in the last couple of weeks almost the top three hyperscalers announced their own silicon investments and chips for AI specific training to drive more optimization and efficiency for their work loans. What that means for Synopsys is not only it's another chip that our customer base is investing in, which drives both EDA and IP, typically, they are the most advanced node and different methodology in many cases, they're pushing towards multi-die and chiplets, which opens up the door for IP and the comments I made earlier. From our solution point of view, yes, we're expanding the solution offering to enable our customers to design these complex chips. On IP, I want to say it's fairly straightforward. You deliver [to] (ph) standards to connect these chips. But the work is not straightforward, but the road map is fairly straightforward what you need to do. On the EDA side, we have a number of those customers using 3DIC Compiler, which gives them the ability to architect that chip for that system in that case. SLM, the silicon life cycle management to give them the ability to trace the health and the connectivity of these dives into the system and all the way in the field or in the hyperscale case as it sits into their data center and it's up and running. So we have a number of expansions in our portfolio in order to support these opportunities. And that's why we are bullish and excited about the opportunity to continue the growth for design, automation and design IP.
Sassine Ghazi: Maybe, Charles, if I -- I'll add a couple of comments to what Shelagh just said. Rough numbers, our design automation is about 65% of our business and then Design IP, 25% and software integrity 10%. And the $8.6 billion is mostly those agreements in EDA and IP. And given the large percentage of the overall revenue we have, which is 25% is IP, there's a different pull down and development of the IP, especially on the advanced nodes, when we're talking about we're developing our IP portfolio on the most advanced foundries, from the day you find an agreement to the day you deliver, there's a time lapse by when that you deliver the IP and you get the pull down. So while the backlog number, the $8.6 billion is large, we need to get, I would say, used to that the consumption for EDA and IP would be very different across that backlog number. And the timing of the renewal et cetera, et cetera.
Sassine Ghazi: Maybe I'll talk about the SIG initiative, and Shelagh will comment on the backlog. The -- what we've said in the remarks that we went through a strategic portfolio review, just to put some context around what we went through. As I stated earlier, we have the three business segments and we are truly fortunate that we have a leading position in each one of those segments. As we look at the opportunities over the next five to 10 years of these market segments, I cannot express how excited we are about the opportunities we have in design automation and design IP. And the more we can expand our portfolio within these market segments. So that led us to discuss and make a decision to explore the strategic alternatives for software integrity to put priority of where to make our investments and where we believe there's a higher ROI for the investments based on the 90% of our portfolio between the design automation and design IP business segments. So that's really the process that we went through in order to get to that point.
