Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. Q3 was another excellent quarter. We delivered revenue and EPS above our targets and achieved cash flow above our plan. For the full year, we are raising our outlook and are on track to deliver over 20% revenue growth, an increase in non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 250 basis points, non-GAAP earnings per share growth of approximately 29% and $1.6 billion to $1.65 billion in operating cash flow. We continue to execute well, which is a testament to our innovative technology portfolio, ongoing design activity by our customers who continue to invest through semiconductor cycles, financial discipline and the stability and resilience of our time-based business model. I'll now review the third quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year, unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $1.25 billion, up 18% over the prior year, with broad-based strength. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $1.01 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $856 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 31.4%. GAAP earnings per share were $1.43. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.10, up 16% over the prior year. Semiconductor & System Design segment revenue was $1.13 billion, up 18%, driven by continued strength in EDA and IP. Trailing 12-month Semiconductor & System Design adjusted operating margin was 35.8%. Software Integrity segment revenue was $118 million, up 21%, with trailing 12-month adjusted operating margin of 11%. We continue to expect Software Integrity to deliver 15% to 20% growth with expanded adjusted operating margin in 2022. Turning to cash, we generated $440 million in operating cash flow. We used $257 million of our cash for buybacks and have repurchased $972 million of stock over the past 12 months. In addition, we paid $330 million to acquire WhiteHat Security. Our balance sheet remains very strong. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $1.53 billion and debt of $22 million. Now to guidance. We are raising our full year outlook for revenue, earnings and cash flow. For fiscal year 2022, the full year targets are: revenue of $5.06 billion to $5.09 billion, which represents 20% to 21% growth; total GAAP costs and expenses between $3.978 billion and $3.998 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $3.395 billion and $3.05 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP property margin improvement of approximately 250 basis points; non-GAAP tax rate of 18%; GAAP earnings of $6.37 to $6.49 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $8.80 to $8.85 per share, representing approximately 29% growth; cash flow from operations of $1.6 billion to $1.65 billion; capital expenditures of approximately $145 million. Now to the targets for the fourth quarter: revenue between $1.263 billion and $1.293 billion; total GAAP costs and expenses between $1.076 billion and $1.096 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $919 million and $929 million; GAAP earnings of $1.06 to $1.18 per share; and non-GAAP earnings per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $1.80 to $1.85 per share. Consistent with our prior years, we will provide additional comments and guidance for 2023 when we report next quarter. In conclusion, we again delivered revenue and non-GAAP earnings above our targets. Based on our excellent results year-to-date and strong outlook, we are again raising our targets for the full year. We continue to see strong momentum in the business and are executing well with our robust portfolio and resilient business model. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Trac Pham: Well, I'm glad you started with that question and added some caveats to it. So backlog for the quarter ended at $7.1 billion. And as you alluded to, it will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter, depending on the timing and recognition of revenue. The one thing I'll add to backlog, too, is that we duration target in the 2.5- to 3-year range. This quarter was on the lower end, running closer to 2.3 years. So it's slightly outside of our range.
Trac Pham: So Gary, the increase from Q2 to Q3 does reflect some amount of acquisitions for WhiteHat, but it also reflects the planned organic hire for the year. The increase in expenses for the quarter in Q4 that we're guiding to does reflect our expected hiring as well as, frankly, given how strong the year has been, we are accruing for some additional variable comp.
Trac Pham: Gary, in addition to that, from a business metric perspective, we saw run rate up pretty strongly in Q3. So we're not seeing any indication of those concerns.
Trac Pham: Yes. If you look at the guidance that we just gave for this first to the year and compare it to where we were back in December, at the midpoint, we're up north of $300 million in terms of the outlook for the year. And what we're seeing in terms of the better outlook is just really strength across all of the products. We -- going into the year, we did expect it to be a strong year, but the traction that we've gotten on the new products, the continued strength on our IP business, and it's just the continued momentum on SIG that we saw with the last previous four quarters continued. So, we really saw strong growth across the customer base, across all geos, across all product lines. So business is doing really well.
Trac Pham: Just to give you a sense of the WhiteHat for the year, it's about $15 million to $20 million in terms of revenue. So a large part of the raise for the full year is really coming from a very strong healthy organic business.
Trac Pham: So, Jay, your question on FSAs and the mix of that and how it affects us -- affects our results. FSAs are predominantly IP, but there's a good portion of EDA software in there as well. With FSAs, what's changed most significantly is since 606 when in effect, whenever a customer pulls down software, pulls down IP, revenue gets recognized at that point where historically, it would have been recognized over time. So you see that create more variability in the business. Now on a plus side, from a commercial perspective, what's great about FSAs are that it gives our customer a lot more flexibility in terms of how they can transact. So they'll sign contract. And this is an area where we continue to innovate and launch new products. They will actually -- we'll see them consume those FSAs quicker. So, you'll see an acceleration in revenues from that business model.
Trac Pham: Let me clarify. The business is doing very well. And certainly, we're executing -- we're seeing growth in that business line within our business model of double-digit growth. So, this -- what you're seeing here is just a function of two things, the fluctuation, the comparisons to last year. Remember, this year, you've got hardware that's front-end loaded compared to last year, which is more back-end loaded. So it's a function of the comparison. But also when you match up our -- when you decompose the EDA software business, which is about 65% of our overall revenues, we're growing very nicely, well within -- certainly well within the double-digit model.
Aart de Geus: Let me take the entity list part. All the forward projections that we always give you take into account anything we know about entity list or even suspected entity list increases. Typically, the entity list doesn't grow particularly fast or a lot, but we follow rigorously whatever the government decides there. And I would say at this point in time for our projections, it's not material in terms of changes.
Aart de Geus: We are well aware of companies having reduced their hiring at least temporarily somewhat. I have not heard of any significant pullback or hesitation. The design activities typically don't mirror immediately what happens in the market because the market is really a function of the end sales, i.e., the quantity of chips being sold. And so R&D is very stable against that. And more often than not, when there's a flat period of even -- or even a downturn, people invest in R&D to make sure that they have differentiation coming out of it. So as we, I think, said in the preamble, we feel that our business is actually very robust right now.
Aart de Geus: Sorry, it was a little hard to understand the whole to understand. But on DSO.ai, you have to think of this as sort of a multiply on our existing products and it's a product working together in a flow. And so, DSO.ai really improves both the speed of getting results and the quality of the results in terms of typically the performance and the power utilization of the resulting chips. And so that is of super high value, but that also encourages our customers to work with our suites because the suite of tools is particularly well matched to DSO.ai. And so that is really one of the reasons that we see strong growth around that entire digital design solution.
Aart de Geus: The answer in a nutshell is absolutely yes. And you actually explained the situation very lucidly because it's clearly visible that many factories in front of the mind of many countries because they want to make sure that they have supply. And the value of chips has suddenly been recognized by not having them, meaning a supply shortage immediately puts the attention on that. But from a development point of view, when you put more manufacturing in place, you need to have the complete enablement capabilities, which are the tools, the IP, the services and so on, and you said correctly, and the talent. And if there is one thing that we cannot grow faster than a 20-year rate, it's talent in the world. That is going to be one of the shortages. And so, one of the interesting side ramifications for us is this is one additional reason why the value of being able to shorten design time is so valuable. But it's even better than that in some of the capabilities that we have we can get these results with less skilled people and fewer of them. And so, by no means, with this reduced employment in the industry on the contrary, but it does help a little bit with the talent shortage and all of this ties together pretty much in the way you described it. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: Well, we see them go in all of these directions. And for these large hyperscalers that you mentioned, they are all essentially discovering what the semiconductor world looks like. Because they have figured out that, the semiconductor is a direct multiplier on their software, but you can also say the other direction in the software as a direct multiplier on the semiconductor underneath. And so if they can optimize solutions, for just their applications with other words narrower solutions that is their hope to get much higher speed throughput and in some cases also much less power utilization. And you are absolutely correct that you can go having a full design flow yourself, you can have a full service company do everything for you or you can do something in between, which is the ASIC pathway where you design most of the functionality, structure the architecture and then let somebody else do the physical design. And I think these will all three stay alive, but the good news is a lot more people that want chips just for themselves. And that's where you see this broadening of different architectures, and certainly AI was a foreboding example of that because literally 100 or so AI companies are all designing the best chip ever, of course. And the reality is it's a race for different vertical segments.
Aart de Geus: Well, of course, bringing up '08, '09 is bringing up something where, in '08, people -- this is the Great Depression coming back, right? There was very little consistency or belief that this would go away after a couple of years. Having said that, in '08, '09, we were able to actually every year eke out a little bit of growth, but for all practical terms, were flat. And I think one of the reasons for that was our stable business model, but the other reason was that people don't stop R&D for a long time before they decide to have to cut that because that is cutting off future. And so they'd rather start the rest of the Company a bit in order to make sure that new products keep coming out. And the other observation is that even in '08, '09, there was no slowdown of new technology, meaning if you stop designing for 2 years, you are definitely no longer in the leading pack from a technology point of view. So am I the right person to ask if we're going to have a '08, '09 economy going forward? No, I'm not the right person, but I also don't believe that that's going to happen. And so the indications right now subject to, of course, any crazy political situation. But aside of that, all our key customers are investing in technology and are racing forward.
Aart de Geus: I understand that your objective is to look at what we're going to do in '23, but you know well that in December, we'll give you a better guidance on that. But I'd like to raise the fact that when we gave you the long-term objectives, this is only December. It's not that long ago. And so right now, we certainly state that we're not changing that guidance at all. And so, I don't expect that we will surprise you in some big way in December. I think we were on track to continue against those expectations.
Aart de Geus: Well, the reason I mentioned that it has impact on our business is because they're using this in production. And yes, of course, the most advanced people have always been the people that first pick up on the most capable new tools. And so, these are very advanced often large companies that are doing now many designs with this capability because the value it's high, and they are definitely seeing the issue of insufficient talent. And so that's sort of the main space. I don't know actually that we see much of our competition, not to put them down or anything like that. I'm sure they're doing good stuff. But the advances that we've made in the last year, even in my own book, are quite remarkable and are broadening, by the way, to more and more capabilities going forward. So I think we're into a whole next phase of what EDA will mean to our customers. And very often, advanced users try very quickly and then they're very careful. They tried very quickly, and they're absolutely adopting.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Let me start with AI. The first thing to understand with AI is AI is a very advanced, different way of programming the solution to a variety of problems. And of course, we use the traditional approach, but we also use what's called pattern matching where you find situations -- where the recognition of the situation allows you to improve something for the better. Now that statement applies to the domain that you apply it to. And so if we took our DSO.ai and say, "Hey, tomorrow morning, we're going to do, I don't know, blood diagnostics and learn something about patients," we would have initially 0 to offer because the AI needs to be matched in its intent to the area of the problem. And by the way, I -- in fact you alluded to that a minute ago on the question of why the AI chips, all these people are essentially optimizing for their domain, right? Well, we have optimized for our domain, and our domain is unbelievably complex because we have, arguably, some of the most complex search spaces, meaning those are all the potential solutions finding the right one in any field. And so it's really the combination of the understanding of what we do and then the exploration with AI that fits together. Secondly, AI for IP, of course, we use it ourselves. And a very simple reason would be one could consider Synopsys as one of the most advanced design companies in the world for what we do. And so, we don't use our designs to put chips on the markets. We don't design chips. We design IP blocks. But the concept is actually similar. Third, you mentioned something interesting that I'm well familiar with, which is the need and the desire to sometimes take an existing design and migrate it to a different technology node. Sometimes it's called remastering. Sometimes it's called retargeting. That's the word you used, I think. And initially, we did some experiments already a year ago for knowing -- going from one node to another node that was pretty similar. And we've got excellent results, and we've got them fast. And we could learn from the existing design and apply it to the new one. Meanwhile, we've vastly improved on that because we've been able to move many clicks forward in terms of nodal technology and still get much better results. And so I'm the first one to say we're at the beginning of a big journey. But so far, it's a pretty cool journey.
Aart de Geus: Well, as you know, many countries are putting big investments in the semiconductor area in general. And the U.S. has been hesitant to do that for a while, but that now came to conclusion. It's a magnitude similar to investments that Europe is committing to, that Korea's committing to. China has a larger commitment but over a longer period of time. And so, I think this is all in recognition that when you don't have chips, you really want them badly. And so supply shortages got a lot of attention. At the same time, I think there's also an increased understanding that the importance of chips is growing because the importance of adding smarts in every aspect of life will require more computation. That computation needs to be really fast and that we're still at the beginning of exploring the full impact of AI. So people are investing in that from a strategic point of view. As somebody else noted, I think earlier, a lot of those investments are initially aimed at essentially putting manufacturing capacity in. Around that, there needs to be quite a bit of enablement, but there will also be investments made to look at newer ways of doing things, and we highlighted the whole multichip or multi-die 3DIC, there are many different names for it, very tight packaging, and there will most definitely be investments in that, but also specialty technologies that are needed so that one is not dependent on some singular location in the world to get those. In all of these, we are close partners to the companies that are the primary companies to respond to these requirements. And we are, in many ways, the enabler, we like to use the term the catalyst to make it happen. And so, if the industry around us does well, they will need us to really do well. And so I think it's only upside.
Aart de Geus: I think it is very broad. It will follow sort of the urgency of the individual companies and also the skill set of the individual companies. In the system houses, we already have a number of people using it there as well. And at the same time, we have also some people say, "Oh, no, let's not go too fast. Let me first put in a regular "chip design approach." Well, yes, that will take a year, and then they will want to go faster, too. So fundamentally, this will continue to become a strong ingredient in any design flow over time. But we have a very wide and some very advanced people and some people that can do just fine with not being necessarily on the most of the most advanced versions.
Aart de Geus: Well, at this point in time, thank you for your support and interest. We continue to do well against markets that certainly demand the skills that we have to provide. And we hope that we will be able to deliver to you what we said for this year. Actually, we don't hope, we plan, and that is passing the $5 billion mark, and that's an exciting moment. So thank you for your support, and thank you to our employees to help make this happen.
