Trac Pham: Thank you Aart for the -- those kind of words. It has been a privilege to serve as the CFO of Synopsys. I'm immensely grateful to be a part of this team, and I'm proud of what we've accomplished. While I'll miss the rich interactions with the Synopsys team and the investment community, I'll be here through the end of December to ensure a smooth transition. Synopsys is in a great position as reflected in strong results and outlook. FY 2022 was an excellent year and featured record results in all key metrics, including revenue, non-GAAP earnings, and operating cash flow. We continue to execute well and are confident in our business heading into FY 2023 driven by our strong technology portfolio that is expanding customer commitments, robust chip and system design activity despite moderating semiconductor industry revenue growth, and a resilient and stable time-based business model with $7.1 billion in non-cash backlog. As a result, while the macro environment is stressed, we expect to grow revenue 14% to 15% and expand operating margin more than 100 basis points, driving non-GAAP EPS growth of approximately 16% in 2023. Let me provide some highlights of our full year 2022 results. We generated total revenue of $5.08 billion, up 21% over the prior year, with double-digit growth across all products and key geographies. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $3.9 billion and total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $3.4 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 33%. GAAP earnings per share were $6.29 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $8.90, up 30% over the prior year. Semiconductor & System Design segment revenue was $4.6 billion driven by broad-based strength across all product groups and geographies. Adjusted operating margin was 35.3%. Software Integrity segment revenue was $466 million, up 18%, with adjusted operating margin up slightly to 10.1%. For 2023, even in light of some of the marginal macro-related impact in Q4 orders, we expect revenue growth to be within our 15% to 20% objective with increased adjusted operating margin. Turning to cash. Operating cash flow for the year was a record $1.7 billion reflecting our strong results, robust collections, and approximately $100 million in early collections. We ended the year with cash and short-term investments of $1.57 billion and total debt of $21 million. During the year, we completed buybacks of $1.1 billion or 69% of free cash flow. Now to our targets, which reflects the impact from the recently announced export control regulations and assume no further changes for the year. Based on our current assessment, we expect quarterly revenue and non-GAAP EPS to steadily increase through the year. For fiscal year 2023, the full year targets are; revenue of $5.775 million to $5.825 billion; total GAAP costs and expenses between $4.49 and $4.537 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $3.81 billion and $3.84 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin improvement of more than 100 basis points; non-GAAP tax rate of 18%; GAAP earnings of $10.28 to $10.35 per share, cash flow from operations of approximately $1.7 billion. Now to the targets for the first quarter, revenue between $1.34 billion and $1.37 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $1.033 billion and $1.053 billion, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $875 million and $885 million, GAAP earnings of $1.89 to $2 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $2.48 to $2.53 per share. Our press release and financial supplement include additional targets and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations. Finally, we are reiterating our long-term financial objectives of annual double-digit revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margin expansion of more than 100 basis points per year and non-GAAP EPS growth in the mid-teens range. In conclusion, we entered 2023 with excellent momentum and confidence, reflecting our innovative technology portfolio, ongoing design activity by our customers who continue to invest through semiconductor, through semiconductor cycles and the stability and resilience of our time-based business model. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Trac Pham: In general, Joe, but I'd also add that we're seeing just better momentum today than we did a few years back when you look at where our products are and with regards to the strength of the portfolio, how we're executing the changes that we're making and just the overall strength of the business. I think we're heading into an environment that may be stressed outside, but we're well positioned to grow there.
Trac Pham: So, let me start with the cash from ops. The second thing in addition to the $100 million of early collections is the -- our cash flow projections reflect the change in the tax rules that now requires us to capitalize R&D expense. And so as a result of that, cash taxes are going up in 2023. So, that affects the number. With regards to the CapEx, it's a little higher than it's been over the last couple of years, primarily because of our efforts to consolidate space and our facilities in the US, mostly to drive better productivity in the employee base going forward.
Trac Pham: I wouldn't naturally attach hardware to upfront. Of course, it will show up in online. But keep in mind that we do have IP that is reflected in that category as well. And keep -- remember, in our statement, we -- our IP business grew over 20% in 2022. So heading in 2023, really the 14% to 15% guide for revenue growth is coming across all product areas. And that's where we're -- and that's all product areas and all key geographies, and so that's where the confidence and the comfort is in terms of our ability to execute against that plan.
Trac Pham: Sure, Charles. Let me zoom out a little bit because over the last couple of years, we've had some unusual profiles coming into the year, right? So 2020 was very back end -- 2021 was back-end loaded. Heading into 2022, we said it would be very front-end loaded. When we look at the profile this year, keep in mind that it's based on backlog that we have scheduled out for our software business, IP and hardware. So, there's good visibility into how it lays out throughout the year. And when you look at the profile, you're right, it's slightly to the back half, but just marginally so. And if you look at the first half comparison -- first half, second half comparison for 2023 and you go back in time, it's just actually in line with what we have historically seen, which is kind of unusual but nice to get back to that profile. And it does imply that there is incremental increases in the business as we progress throughout the year. The basis for the forecast, as I said, is grounded very much on visibility of the backlog, but also what we expect to book in the year. And we are playing the year based on what we can execute, similar to what we have said in the past. So it's not a stretch to assume that it's dependent on major market forces or anything out of our control. We want to give guidance in terms of the outlook for the business, both top line and bottom line. That really is heavily dependent on our ability to execute. And at this point, given our visibility, the portfolio that we have and the -- our confidence in our execution, we feel really good about the 14% to 15% growth and driving 16% EPS growth.
Trac Pham: Jay, this is Trac. So to your question regarding SIG and international expansion, you're right, that was a really intentional focus for us a couple of years ago in terms of improving the go-to-market function, both internationally and with channel partners. And I would say that when you look at the results over the last couple of years, I think we've made really good progress with regards to how we're executing internationally and the additions and the execution with new channel partners. I'm optimistic not only because of the results has been good, but we're in the early stages of actually seeing strong results from that. So I think there's a lot of progress ahead of us and lot of opportunities ahead of us in both those areas.
Aart de Geus: Well, first, actually, I think your comparison is pretty good because 2019 was really just waving around the medium for the growth of the semiconductor industry. And so in that sense, I don't see a long-term change in the trajectory, which essentially forecast that for this decade, semiconductors are making it to $1 trillion, and we see all the reason why it will get there. The fact that some years are higher, others are slightly lower is just a given. And in a context like that, Synopsys has the good fortune to have a business model that is very stable and self-sustainable, but also a set of customers that have no interest in going up and down in their R&D force, because it's a continual investment over typically products that take two to three years to develop, and so I think we provide a good solidity in pretty much all the fronts.
Aart de Geus: I think there's a lot of room. As a matter of fact, I think that the whole AI-driven design wave is easily the next decade because it fundamentally changes so many things at the very moment that the customers one way or another are going to grow complexity dramatically because they see so many opportunities in this notion of smart everything. And so in order to do that, you don't want to just have tools that use AI and be better and faster and so on, you want actually to impact the very design flow. And to me, the big breakthrough in DSO.ai felt very similar, as a matter of fact, as some 30 years plus ago, synthesis, it changed how things are happening. Now, in that sense, the adoption will, on one hand, take time; on the other hand, I think he is very fast. Literally just a couple of days ago, among the team, we were discussing how do we manage the number of people that have interest because they all want support, they all want to be the first ones, and it's a good problem to have.
Aart de Geus: Well, I'm glad you bring up automotive, because looking at the numbers; I was surprised myself how well we had done this year. At the same time, I think there's some good explanations for it. For starters, the very fact that there was a supply shortage in automotive; suddenly everybody gets full attention of automotive. And then simultaneously, the world has now recognized that the cost of climate change is upon us. And I expect that the rate of change toward electrification is absolutely going to accelerate. And so investments that started probably seven, eight years ago. And we always sell, oh, automotive is so slow, is so slow, now suddenly are moving forward very fast, and it's along the entire supply chain that is reconfiguring itself around new architectures. So I think there's a lot of opportunity, lot of challenges there as well, but I think we're in a great position for it.
Aart de Geus: Sure. I'll be a little careful with giving too much of the roadmap. But I want to make sure that you understand that in all of these areas, we have worked on those now for already quite a while, and we have a number of very positive results directly with customers. And at the end of the day, it's like the old the VC, do the dog, feed the dog, dog food, not that I would ever want to compare customers to dogs, of course. But the fact is, it's in the field that you realize what are the issues that one may not have contemplated, and the feedback is very positive because there, too, while the tools have long been optimized with a variety of machine learning and AI capabilities, changing the very workflow is how you get a more profound impact. And so we have a long opportunity space to grow into, but the engagement already signifies that we have results that customers want to keep and turn into production.
Aart de Geus: The answer is yes. And another yes. Yes, it does require much more attention to the intersection of hardware and software. And in order to do that, you need simulation that is blindingly fast, and that's why you use hardware accelerators or we call them emulators or prototyping to be able to do that. But underneath your question, there was another comment, which is really the comment that is it true that complexity still is increasing massively, and the answer is very true, but it's going to be in a new form, meaning it's not one chip, it's multiple chips as close as possible, and it is architectures dedicated to whatever the end markets are. And so the race is absolutely on in all of these dimensions, but it brings a challenge for our customers that by now after many, many decades, have certainly learned how to optimize for performance and power. They now have to optimize for making it all work: multiple chips, hardware and software, thermal issues. And that complexity is going to drive all kinds of new products on our side, but also necessitates to look to have focus on the entire flow. And that's why I'm very encouraged by being at the dawn of really multiple new decades of new technology.
Aart de Geus: Well, we'll take 1 year at a time, but there's no doubt that there's an opportunity to continue to grow very well. And a greater respect for you mentioning all the keywords of things that we sell. I would add one other category that we alluded to, which is a category that actually looks at the new types of interfaces in these multi-die integrations because those integrations are predicated mostly on one thing; how short and how fast can you make the wires between the chips? And therefore, it's another form of miniaturization with enormous connectivity between chips. And so these connectors are extremely sensitive to the speed, the voltage and all these things. And so there, too, we are leading in providing the IP that makes this possible. And I think that's an area that will grow on top of what you mentioned.
Aart de Geus: It's a very good question, and I understand why it's difficult because a lot of these things are written in terms of hard to understand technology. And so of course, whenever there's a change, we look solidly at all the changes, as is the impact. And actually, I think we explicitly communicated that our assessment showed that it was not material in the financial terms. We highlight that we have factored in, to the best of our ability, exactly what the situation is today in our forecast. And moreover, we have put a lot of emphasis on making sure that we are 100% compliant with all the rules so that we act in a clean fashion. I would add only one more thing, which is China is a very broad market, and so there are many technologies that are not anywhere close to being touched by the advanced restrictions. So we see continued great opportunity, but we understand with you that it's an area to keep watching and to make sure that we grow in other parts of the world as well.
Aart de Geus: So, let me zoom out a little bit on your question because generically, I think you're pushing absolutely on the right buttons, which is that while many of the things we've done in the past have been sort of point efforts, point tools and so on, for the last decade, we have started to integrate many tools more forcefully together because that's the only way of solving problems of complexity where power and speed and thermal and locations and reliability strongly intersect. Then if you move to the next level up, we have already mentioned the fact that there are strong interconnectivity between software and hardware because the hardware has one mission, make the software faster. And the software has one mission, make the hardware work harder for it. And so these optimizations are already going hand-in-hand. SIG adds an additional angle to that is the angle of security and quality. And we have, by the way, sort of the equivalent of a SIG inside of the EDA side as well and the IP side, because in the IP, we have a variety of security capabilities being built in. I think it will take a little bit of time before you can see a strong connectivity between those, but it has not taken that much time to see at a number of customers that they start to recognize that our vision moves up into the domain of software and moves down into the hardware at the very moment that they are learning about this. And the earlier mentioned automotive, but it could also be industrial and a few other segments, are precisely now arriving at this junction or figuring out that they have to make it all work at the same time. And so while many of the specific things that we're working on, we'll talk about as we release them, the general direction of your question, I think, is very much the way we think about systemic complexity now being the hallmark of the next decade.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, first, I do think that the results were quite good. What we did see, and it probably started a little earlier than this quarter that some of the negotiations turned out to be a bit longer, maybe some more layers of approval. And actually, that is very, very common when you see economy looking at, well, is it going to be a recession or not, people little bit worried. Well, they just start putting some breaks on the decision making first and foremost. But at the same time, we were encouraged by the fact that growth continues to improve over the previous year. And there's no doubt in our mind that this is a very good part of Synopsys and there's a lot of opportunity, so we'll keep pushing.
Aart de Geus: Okay, well the first one is turnaround time reduction for everybody and that in itself is interesting because if you remember my other comments about moving into a whole different league of complexity, while people will continue to push on performance and power and right now they're pushing on making just sure that they can finish the job, and in that context, improving the turnaround time is extremely valuable. But the other thing is that in many areas, it opens up doors that they didn't have before because if you can work in multiple nodes, the question is can you also start to translate from one node into another. And we have in the last 12 months specifically seen more and more really outstanding experiments and showcases where we helped people move from one node and design in let's say the next node or even some nodes that are quite different from the ones where they started with the benefit of the learning from the original node. And I think that that opens the fertile space because in reality, most design is redesigned. You try to always use what you did in the past. And the question is, how easy is that when the past becomes more and more complex? And that's where AI I think has a lot of potential going forward. So, sometimes you call that retargeting or remastering and I think it's going to be a lot of need for that.
Aart de Geus: Well, first and foremost, thank you for all the support and the good questions over the last year. I think we concluded a very strong year. Of course, again, it's a very strong market, but I think we also demonstrated that there's momentum going forward. And so that 2023, even without Trac, will be a good year for us. And we thank Trac one more time. We also thank you for your support and for your continuing support of our stock. With that, have a great rest of the year, and we'll talk to you soon.
