Aart de Geus: That's right Gary, you are looking at the first half that is going to be stronger than the second half. I would characterize the second half has been weak as more just a fact that the timing of our hardware shipments has skewed more to the first half as a result of what the customer schedules are requiring.
Aart de Geus: Well, we haven't disclosed the exact numbers. We've given you pretty good hints as we acquired different companies over the years. All of this area is growing above 20% per year organically and of course the acquisitions have accelerated to that. Fundamentally you're in the right ballpark, but we don't disclose the specifics. But I would say that our sense is that this business has definitely reached critical mass, meaning that the ingredients that we have, the technical position but also our ability to leverage the acquisitions well in the field support the customer as well on a global basis has definitely strengthened substantially and this quarter for us was a very clear sign that the group is well managed and that we see upside going forward.
Aart de Geus: Well, I think it's useful to start with the big picture which is fundamentally we're still in a very strong high-tech market and specifically semiconductor related market for really no surprising reasons the acceleration towards the world changing towards a smart everything investment sets that will literally impact every vertical is continuing. Now, I think we will over the year see some up and down for semiconductors which is normal but in aggregate it's sort of a strong phase of the industry within that every aspect of our business is putting to tasks to actually help with this and it starts with the fact that there's a whole bunch of new chips being designed specifically in AI on the premise that while general computing has brought us reasonably far and graphics chips have moved it even further. If one could create chips now that we're still much faster one could still do much more AI and I think that will continue and so that's where we see new entrants, we see investments in sophisticated chips and across the board both in the design side in the IP and the verification all of this is pretty much all in the state of the art FinFET group. So that drives pretty much the whole front.
Aart de Geus: I would first point you to the guidance for the full year where we've raised our revenue range for the year from 7% to 8% growth. I think that's very healthy growth. What you are seeing in the second half is just the shift of the time in hardware, I wouldn't characterize it as being conservative or just anything wrong with the software business. As I said in our initial remarks we're seeing very good execution across all of our businesses whether you're talking by products or by region. So, it's just a function of profiling of course in the quarter.
Aart de Geus: Well, in many ways we have long moved beyond the individual products determining what quarters look like or even years as companies such as ourselves our defacto providing much more complete solutions and an intersect with our customers on the basis of multi-year agreements. And so, both of those comments both lead to the same thing, which is its fundamentally smoothest curves and makes them more stable and that is also supported by the fact that for some of the very large customers stability of relationship in both directions is very important because one tends to not see under the numbers the fact is also very big human interaction by virtue of support and being on the most advanced projects almost on equal terms with the employees of the customer. And so, well certainly certain technology drives are related to new needs I don't think that the renewal of certain products are necessarily driving big waves. If I can highlight an example of a new need though, in verification we have seen substantial high growth rate now for multiple years in the whole area of trying to prototype systems in a combination of software and hardware or more and more hardware and that's relates to truly a problem that is growing and that is the problem of can you get the software to run on the hardware before you have the hardware because once you have the hardware, you don't want to wait for the software to be debugged or fully optimized. And I think that is an area that will continue to grow and is of super high interest also when you look at all the AI processors that have one objective, run software faster than before. And so, that would be essentially the gradual coming about of a new category but even there it's sort of grew out of software simulation before it became hardware. But overall, we've seen a continual growth of our run rate across the board and I think it's just we are in good technology times right now.
Aart de Geus: Well, two very different questions. Starting with Japan, you are absolutely correct that it used to be called the lost decade and I think the added and it became the lost decade in which Japan went to really really tough hi-tech times and a renewal of workforce recombination or consolidation of many companies that had many cuts and itself a little bit like the beatings will stop when the morale improves. I think the good news is, I think the morale has improved, they are in the number of companies' sort of fresh, more modern, more western organized managements that is looking at growing the businesses. And so, it feels better in Japan still if I look at our numbers it's still the slowest growing region in the world over at least trailing 12 months area. I think that there is more rebound possible in Japan, but it took literally a redo of the hi-tech industry I would say. Regarding Cigital, the service group is very much focused on managed services which is the ability to not necessarily be physically apt a customer but deliver it over the crowd. And secondly, I think the services will continue for quite a while because the problem statement of what does security mean and how do you do it is one that is not only evolving rapidly by a constant new vulnerabilities that also demands a degree of sophistication that many companies don't half and therefore the quality educations of the seventies and eighties are now replaced by the security educations of the 2010 and with that I think we can not only align better with customers but ourselves or learn what it's like to have to modify companies from within with our tools and I think it's very well aligned with the rest of our business.
Aart de Geus: Well, we are essentially executing on the same business algorithm with each acquisition, which is these acquisitions typically come in either not being profitable or needing substantial investments because there's great growth opportunity and we followed the sort of same recipe which is a; we have to deal with the accounting haircut and b, with the integration cost and the potential desire to invest have always the same objective turn each of these acquisitions positive from a profitability point of view within the first 18 to 24 months. And I would say we're on track with all of those. And at the same time, this is a business that clearly has great long-term opportunity and having been able to assemble in about four years a really strong position, I think bodes really well for the long-term return of value to the company.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well let me take the gel topic of AI and we are both a participant and user ourselves and of course a supporter in many ways of the development and the advancement of AI. As a user, we have a number of projects that we apply to our own tools with an objective to see which one of the AI algorithms can actually make the tools run faster or better or diagnose things more smoothly and there's a host of projects that I won't go into here but look promising. And at the same time, I think there's also a learning curve to see which one of these projects has the highest return on investment. As a supporter, we touch many aspects and for starters, I mentioned it earlier we have now seen a rapid progression of some successful AI algorithms on general processors to the graphics processors to now specialized processors. And I was talking just two weeks ago to one of the CTOs of companies that's developing one of the most advanced AI processor cores in the world for sure and he was saying a lot unbelievably promising because here they can do our computations that are probably going to be 100 to 1000 times faster than what was possible before except they really want another billion times faster. And that certainly [ph] how I feel about it which is that we have opened the door to a category of computations that in the long long term aims to rival what's fundamentally the human brain can do and in order to do that you need a degree of computation that is not anywhere close to what we have today and therefore I think the enhancements are going to continue at a very very rapid pace for a long period of time. So, in that context these people all very quickly navigate to the most advanced silicon to the launch largest possible chips they can design and by the way they wanted on market yesterday therefore they're in a hurry and those are perfect customers for our tools, for our IT, and for our support. In addition to that, in order to check this thing out, they want to run software on mock ups of prototypes and by the way the software has to be secured too. So, sort of everything we touch is somehow in the soup and we're trying to stir it as fast as we can. But it's certainly very interesting to see how rapid the evolution of learning is in this field.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, let me apologize for what happened, we have no idea what it was but you probably heard the same beeping and I just came down, I guess this is the beeping of the end of this event. So, let me thank you for participating you heard hopefully that we executed well this corner and feel good about Q2 and the year's outlook. And as usual, I will be available for the individual comments in the aftermath. Apologize again for the abrupt ending, but we appreciate your participation.
Trac Pham: Gary, you're right. The guidance did include the extra week and your calculations in the ballpark. I would say that across the board is very good quarter, we had good growth across all the business lines. We did see little bit more strength in the Software Integrity business and to a less extent hardware as well.
Trac Pham: I wouldn't turn it to the dilution. From the most part, we're off to a good start for the year with the results in Q1. We're giving the best outlook we have at this point based on our visibility. And I think that's pretty early in the year, so we've got several questions left to deliver on.
Trac Pham: I would say more than two-thirds of that is time based and I'm being specific about time base rather than ratable because there's a good portion of consulting or consulting business that is recognized on a percentage of completion basis.
Trac Pham: You know, I think looking at the quarter-by-quarter in our business while may be giving you some insight is actually not the best way to look at Synopsis. Everything we ourselves always look at is at a minimum of trailing 12-month basis and if you did that for Asia Pacific, you would find that it's far and away the highest growing region and China in general is one of the hard drivers, positive drivers for that. So, I would not read anything into a specific quarter at all. Fundamentally, we're doing extremely well in those areas.
Trac Pham: Well, you know the integration is something that we already look at during the process of doing the acquisition because fundamentally we try to follow what we call the rule of adjacency which is trying to find businesses that are different from what we have, but close enough to minimize risks and leverage what we have and the adjacency falls into the technical adjacency, channel adjacency or customer adjacency. And so, from that perspective, the minute a new team joins us we try to integrate quickly all the infrastructure functions, all the business functions when it makes sense and when it goes to the same customers typically the same sales people deal with it and this is a process of making sure that that it's like two trains in movements merging at the same time and doing that without losing any of the speed, I guess there is some Olympic analogy here somewhere. And so, I think we've done quite well with these acquisitions and to take the largest one that is ongoing Black Duck right now, while it is not all that long ago that we closed. We can already say that it has had a very positive impact on our relationship with customers because Black Duck has an outstanding market position, but also an outstanding brand. And it fits very well and is extremely complimentary to what we already have and so that's a good example of what we try to do in the different areas and you were correct to highlight that we did a number of those in the Software Integrity Group as well as in the IP group and it's essentially the same story there.
Trac Pham: Well this is one of those questions where we always mumble our way through it, as we don't really want to indicate what our next steps are. Let me just generalize it, as you know over the years we have never been shy to acquire but we're also not shy to invest ourselves and so we try to do balance between R&D investments and acquisitions to keep us on the leading edge and also to allow us to sometimes enter domains that would take too long to do on our own. And this is only possible if one continually looks at the opportunities around the vast majority of the things that one may be interested in actually never materialized and such a relatively small percentage that ultimately gets acquired but that percentage is harvested over a long period of time. And so, we're on the lookout but we won't necessarily give you the next names yet.
Trac Pham: Hi Farhan, this is Trac. So, you're right. The tax reform does provide more flexibility to us however, if you look at our history over the years we've done a pretty job of balancing on between investing in the business while doing buybacks and acquisitions. That's been fairly successful to-date, so I would expect that we continue on that path.
Trac Pham: Yes, this year we are very much focused on integrating Black Duck and executing that plan. We're excited about the fact that we are hitting critical mass in that space and throughout this year as we evaluate how best to manage that business the reporting I think will fall out of that. So, we'll have more to describe later in the year as we have more clarity on that.
Trac Pham: As I said previously, there were strength across the board. But when, if you're looking at the upfront portion specifically that's where hardware will show up.
Trac Pham: No, the biggest part is that we typically do see a negative outflow in Q1 related to variable comp. There are some other puts and takes, but that would be the largest component of that.
Trac Pham: No, it's really frankly early in the year and cash flow typically is the hardest one, hardest metric for us to project. Keep in mind that when you look at the full year that there's a few unusual items, last year we had a one-time benefit from a $30 million for a top tech and then this year we've got a couple of unusual items that we've highlighted before. So, at this point we're off to a good start but it is pretty early to make a call on cash flow.
Trac Pham: You know Monika, we can go through the model with you in more specific details. But right now, the way we're managing is to keep margins relatively flat with last year. And then excluding the impact of Black Duck as we've commented previously organic margins would have gone up to absorb that dilution.
Trac Pham: Hi Mitch, the Software Integrity business won't really effect seasonality. It's mostly time based and so, you will see variations driven by that business on the margin.
Trac Pham: You know, I was just looking at That a few minutes ago and I concluded for myself over and over again. Even determining what the TAM really is, is virtually impossible. We can put a number right now at about $2 billion or so, but to be honest I'm not sure that how many of the software companies in the world this encompasses that sooner or later are going to run into the necessity to have their software checked out for vulnerabilities. And this is where it ties actually indirectly to electronics. Electronics in simultaneously connecting pretty much everything in the world to everything else therefore everything is a potential entry point for vulnerabilities and no matter how innocuous sales from software is in some coffee maker or god knows what you know once it's connected to a network somewhere it can be an entry point. And therefore, I think that the notion of software quality and security will continue to just broaden itself. Now having said that of course the market doesn't grow infinitely fast and I think we are in a good position because we have found this combination of organic growth from M&A growth, but most importantly to try to build a position that is strong for the long term and is trusted for the long-term. And that implies being able to execute well against needs of the customer. [Technical Difficulty].
