Aart de Geus: Well, in general, most of that is not due to Atrenta, that is continuation of the execution of the overall company engine so to speak. Atrenta, of course, adds a little bit to it by virtue of having joined us this quarter, but most of it is just continuation of the path that Synopsys has been on.
Aart de Geus: We had a very good hardware quarter and so you will see that reflected in both the upfront revenue line as well our COGS expenses.
Aart de Geus: Well, those businesses combined have actually a very high degree of fluctuation from a one quarter to another because they are quite lumpy in how we recognize revenue. And this is largely due because many of the large IP deals have a variety of milestones attached to them or even some services. And so that is why these numbers have continued to be up and down. On a trailing 12-month basis, the numbers are actually very good.
Aart de Geus: Well, in general, we look at it being slightly accretive in '16. The addition of acquisitions may change that as they always do, but fundamentally read that as we continue to invest in the business that we see a very good future for.
Aart de Geus: Yes. This would be as the -- the Coverity that we acquired, by now we’ve already added I think four different acquisitions. And so this is a very rapidly evolving business unit for us. And so from a philosophy point of view, the way to think about it is that as we add acquisitions, we aim to within I would say 12 to 18 months make them accretive, or if they are technology acquisitions, they get integrated very, very fast into the existing product. And objective obviously is to build a profitable business, but the other objective is to also create a strong footprint in an area that we expect to grow in the future.
Aart de Geus: Well, let me take it still in reverse order. Yes, of course, we understand that some deliveries on technology have been slowed down or just feathered in, but that doesn’t mean at all that the work for us has diminished around 10 nanometers, because a lot of people are essentially looking as when do they ship product and that is really the more relevant data from a macro perspective for the semiconductor industry. But for EDA, the work starts long, long before that. And as a matter of fact, we have a significant amount of work right now already on 7-nanometer to make the technologies, the tools, the IP ready. So if you look at it as a macro picture, I did guide a bit in my preamble to the fact that the overall semiconductor industry is quite turbulent right now. And if you look at the expectations for this year and for next year in terms of growth rate of the industry, they have gone down somewhat. But it is also true that within these ups and downs of the semiconductor industry, historically EDA has fared quite well, because not only do we attach the more stable R&D efforts, we also are very much the investments that let people come back out of the troughs within a year or two. And so therefore, a high degree of stability. Last but not least within that, I think Synopsys has done particularly well, because we are -- I hope viewed as a trusted partner and the company that you can count on and we continue to invest quite aggressively in technology to make sure that we’re there tomorrow as well.
Aart de Geus: I honestly think that that is about the bogey and for the simple reason that we’re seeing nothing that says that technology is getting somewhere. In many ways, it’s the opposite. And the reason people go there is because the value is extremely high if you could deliver chips that had even less power utilization with even more computational speed, because in the coming years it will open up a whole new domain of smart devices that literally applies to everything. Now that complexity comes from at a minimum two sources. One is the advanced silicon technologies that just demand much more sophisticated modeling, and we are well on top of that. And secondly is that very sophisticated silicon is what enabling a lot of these super sophisticated software and the intersection of those two were also well on top of that. And so, I think, that we are in the right place, while we see an industry that is morphing and changing around us and this happens continually in this industry and has been one of the reasons for its tremendous impact.
Aart de Geus: But fundamentally, their business model is ratable model or just like ours and so in many ways they had a very similar philosophy both financially and technically, and I think the fit is actually going to be remarkably good.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, in general the reason one looks at consolidation as a bit of headwind for an industry is because none of the consolidators ever says, well, not that consolidated, let me spend more money with you. They do regroup however and often reassess what is the wisest way to spend their money and in a number of cases this has been actually very positive for us, because we're not only a safe haven in times of turbulence, but also by virtue of driving technology very hard, if this is an advanced user of this there is opportunity sometimes to align better with us making them successful. So the timeline that you are highlighting around consolidation is correct. It takes typically a number of months for the companies to figure out what they want to do. Many of the EDA companies have multiyear contracts. They can shift based on mutual agreements but there is some stability in all of this. So I don't want to over dramatize any of this. I think this is part of the industry that is evolving and we are visibly so, there are non-industry-related pressure points by virtue of what we see in the overall markets, in the stock market and some of the currency changes. And this all comes to their at the very moment that there is also big technology change and as a company, Synopsys, we've been through this many times in our history, and I think, we know what to do, but it is also true that the better we execute here, the better we will do.
Aart de Geus: Well, for starters, let me respectfully disagree with your notion that we’ve seen leapfrogging between our companies. I think that I would humbly submit that for majority of the products for our entire history, Synopsys has been the state-of-the-art and that is not to degenerate anybody else’s products because all of these products are hypersophisticated and at times can get very good results for specific customer situation. I think said that, it’s a very nature of both companies or all the EDA companies being actually very strong, that has propelled technology forward and is one of the key drivers behind the success of Moore’s Law. And so I expect that race to continue. Specifically, an IC Compiler II, we are getting now very systemically, very strong results. And the challenge that we face is the great opportunity, it’s not the challenge approving that we have strong technology. It is to now help migrate our customers to the next generation. And we sort of reported to you a number of the chips being done but underneath this, there is actually much more activity in the number of chip blocks that are being migrated with Synopsys actually quite substantial. And so while there is a lot of hard work that’s left to be done, I highlighted the fact that most of our support engineers now are already on IC Compiler II. And we consider that situations where the customer has sort of voted for the long term.
Aart de Geus: It’s an excellent question. I think as far as I can tell, engineers don’t go away. And what happens is that in consolidations, the company that buys other company the minute it closes by nature has to push on efficiency for starters to try to repay or recoup the premium that they paid. And so it’s really an efficiency mechanism in an industry. Now that efficiency can also manifest itself on the technology side where company say well you know we now have more critical mass in an area or we vertically integrate and we can have a more technical differentiation. And so as an earlier question highlighted, the opportunity space tends to grow after some period of time because the resulting companies are actually in most cases truly healthier and are aimed at the next decade of success. And so for us, it is be responsive to the customers as they are often in a financial time of need situation but at the same time keep an eye on making sure that we’re in the game for the long term. And most importantly that we deliver something for the customers that truly increases their value and their differentiation going forward.
Aart de Geus: Yeah. Absolutely. Sorry. Yeah, of course, there is always share adjustments in various ways. And historically, we have been blessed with having been chosen while often than not in a number of categories to become the lead provider. We hope that will be the case again but that is the discussion of the customer and our job is to make ourselves as attractive as possible to them.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, I think emulation is interesting field because it has a natural growth just by virtue of the complexity of the circuits having grown immensely but also because the intersection of hardware and software demands just very fast, stimulation of various forms of application. And so in that context, I think that we've seen good growth in all of the EDA companies that provide these technologies. Now, when you use the word pricing pressure, you could have used it for last 30 years on any product in our field. The race is always on and so that the pricing pressure is mostly mitigated by saying well therefore, we have to develop better products that are more differentiated than that sort of manages the economic equation. So frankly nothing new under the sun and it applies to any field, be it hardware or software.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Let me try to answer Part A, B, C and D of your question here. Maybe going backwards which is for starters. Overall initially these areas, the two focuses is bigger than either services or the software integrity just by virtue of -- these are markets that we have already interacted with quite a bit, only not necessarily in a vertical fashion. And so if we take automotive as an example, automotive has the characteristic that relatively speaking, they are not a super big EDA market but they are sophisticated EDA market not because they drive the state-of-the-art or FinFET for example, but because they have a stringent requirements, first and foremost for safety and then for reliability. When you think that that many of these products have to be in tiptop shape for 30 years, you can imagine that that’s not a trivial task. And so increasingly with the growth of smarts in the cars, I can collect it that and therefore the increase of electronic content. One can see that therefore the attention on this type of conditions has to be higher. And so what we're doing in our tools and you heard in preamble in the IP, we are essentially making it conformant with the automotive standards that apply to the type of areas we touch, which are chip design and other companies may have other aspects. I cannot say that we see a lot of services there at the present time. But it’s good you mentioned, we will think about it a bit more. On the IoT side of things, the IoT, unfortunately is a little bit of catch-on for the entire industry and Internet of Things, whatever the things are can lead to many different ways. I sometimes like to call it immensely optimized mystic thinking. And that is because right now many of the actual IoT parts are very low cost sensors connected to some data processing, quickly connecting it into the web where the monies made on the application. On the other hand, I do want to take my little optimistic thinking also in a positive direction, which is I think over time, this is really the root of where smarts will come about, because if all of these IoT devices can have a bit more computational capabilities at low power, over time one will see that they will have to work some degree of artificial intelligence, sounds like a big word. But adding smarts to many devices, which brings me to the software integrity aside because the other way to think about IoT and by the way in many ways cars as well, this is the intersection of hardware and software. And when you know that there are in advance cars, there is about a hundred million lines of code, as a minimum some shivers need to go down your spine because as you probably have read recently that code too has been hacked by now. And so aside of the traditional, safety and reliability constraints for automotive now security will be on par. And that is where of course our software integrity group will have impact. And the same is too for IoT. IoT are really hardware, software intersections where they touch the real world and then they create in many cases a lot of data and maybe some reasoning around it. And all of that has software quality and software security issues. So that is how these all ties together for us. It’s early from a business size point of view but it’s certainly very promising.
Aart de Geus: So the reason why we increased the revenue guidance range is in fact driven by both, hardware and IP. On the hardware side as you’ve seen year-to-date, we’ve been doing very well progressively with hardware and that includes both, rapid prototyping and emulation. So, as that business continues to grow and becomes a more material part of our business, we would expect it to be more variable from quarter-to-quarter.
Aart de Geus: Well, we actually do think that the other big investment that is now turning to seeing growth and return is actually the Verification Continuum. And the Verification Continuum is coming back because on one hand, it’s many different tools that do get sold individually. But really the value that we are providing here is increasingly inability to use these tools with each other in a fashion that let them be adoptive -- adapted, sorry, adapted much better to the problem that people like to solve. And so in order to get there took quite a bit of effort, multiple of years extremely sophisticated programming. And in technical terms that means a common compilation platform meaning the description is understood in the same fraction. It also means a common debugging platform meaning that you can see and interpret and analyze your results in a user-friendly fashion. Those were very big investments. And they are now starting to bear fruit. At the very moment that another angle has started to increase in importance, which is this intersection between hardware and software. Are you there finding the hardware in the context of the software or you finding the software in the context of the hardware, or are you really verifying both simultaneously in order to get to market as fast as possible? And whichever is the long pool in the tent, you try to eliminate that one. And so that means that the spread that what one verifies is quite broad. Another area that we will see, we expect some good growth in the future is actually the custom area and this is an area that we have invested in for quite a while. We have a number of very new capabilities that we will be talking more about in the coming quarters. But these are all investments that invariably take many years and then when they rollout, the rollout itself is a major enterprise and that’s what we are doing in verification right now.
Aart de Geus: Yes. We’ve not changed our perspective on the opportunity space. Of course, since then the good news is I think we've learned a lot, including the fact that it's a space that is extremely fragmented with many loud voices and some that actually have impact on customers. And the fact that we have been able to close what we think are some very, very good acquisitions that have strengthened and broadened our position is a sign that we are, I think gaining confidence. No market is simple or easy, but I think it’s rarely visible to most people that software has reached a stage where it needs the next level of -- I will use the word discipline and therefore the tools to enforce that. And by the time you throw the security in it, now you really have to start paying very systematic attention. And our objective is to provide the toolset that allows people to do that.
Aart de Geus: Well, normally we don’t breakout individual acquisitions of that size in terms of impact. Obviously, it will add revenue and as the haircut as you know, gradually goes away, it becomes rapidly less and less dilutive. It will be slightly dilutive in ’16. But the reason always hesitant, frankly, to speak about that in those terms is, and the first think we do is to try to integrate tools into something bigger and better. And so, by the end of next year, I don't think that the Atrenta as we knew it quite exist. We have something better and that's actually mostly in the Verification Continuum. And so, we think it's actually fabulous technical acquisition and the customer loyalty and utilization has been very good and so this will also help us with a number of key customers as we look at the overall solution.
Aart de Geus: Both an easy answer, yes. Meaning that the good news is we have a very, very good R&D team here. And it’s quite remarkable how for the technology depth point of view and for many of the concept around calculation, understanding of languages, interpreting things, they are just as deep as the deepest people here at Synopsys and they have lot of similarity. At the same time, it is also very clear that if we invest in certain areas to broaden the impact they have. For example, with adding some more languages which we are doing, it immediately broadens the potential time of the solutions that we have. Having said that, the reason we invested in the security domain is because that’s too is the domain of specialists. And specialist at times can be a two edge sword because they are sometime specialist that are very narrow problems, where it’s very important to solve them, but it is very difficult to actually make a business off. And therefore, you wouldn’t be surprised if I said that there are many essentially service companies in that space that’s new -- if not a great job at least adequate job based on what is understood today. Our aim is slightly different. Our aim is to acquire or invest in areas where the problem is systematically growing and where we can offer much more of a platform solution, rather than either a service solution or some very low cost tools. And thus build the business not just similar to what EDA was in the early days for chip design, but now or for IP as a matter of fact, but now do the same in this domain, that is in our opinion still very much emerging. And so the acquisitions happen to be cornerstone pieces with very, very talented and experienced people, but that we’re relatively small versus the opportunity space. And having the Synopsys machine and in some ways also the brand behind this gives an opportunity for these technologies to be leveraged much more. So I guess I sort of answered your question by not answering it, because we're doing really both.
Aart de Geus: That is exactly the right way to look at, because the way to look at it is, EDA and that includes all EDA companies, we’re running as fast as we can at this point in time. And by the way I think the semiconductor, the manufacturing guys on technology, they’re running as fast as they can and the users are adopting as fast as they can and as fast as is economically reasonable. And so the reason I make a distinction with the users is because economically reasonable is determined by one more variable, which is ultimately the production yield. And so of course, the manufacturers are trying to drive the yield up like crazy. We are trying to make the designs as yield friendly as possible, and the ultimate volume adoption is a function of that. But there is no question that, there is no change whatsoever in the speed of drive of the semiconductor industry, it’s at max, it has always been at max and I think that will continue.
Aart de Geus: Well, I guess that brings us to the turn of the hour. Thank you very much for a very interesting set of questions. And I hope that you have an impression of Synopsys that captures both the momentum and the opportunity space going forward. And we will be available for further questions in one-on-ones as usual. Thank you so much.
Trac Pham: Krish, this is Trac. I think you're referencing what we had originally guided when we bought Coverity in general. As we look at '16, we're looking at that business to be more than $100 billion and accretive, '16.
Trac Pham: And as you think about the acquisitions that we made in the recent quarter, as you saw in the earnings guidance we have tweaked our earnings guidance to reflect the slight dilution from those deals and we do expect them to be slightly diluted in 2016 as well.
Trac Pham: Hi, Sterling. This is Trac. Yeah. The acquisitions have a very small impact on our results for this year. If you think about just the size of the deals in general, the timing of when they're closed and you factor in the deferred haircut, the guidance that we gave is, there is very little impact from revenues. We did tweak the earnings guidance at the midpoint by about penny or $0.02 to reflect a dilution. But overall most of it is in the -- most it is organic business. We -- when we think about the deferred haircut. It can range anywhere from 50% to 80% depending on particular deal.
Trac Pham: So we don’t disclose the specifics of each individual deal. But, again, where we are operationally, we are still working through the contracts to get evaluation analysis of that and to determine the deferred haircut.
Trac Pham: Sterling, the difference between where we came in versus the model is really just a function of how you model it. As far as internally that that the sale and marketing line can vary from quarter-to-quarter depending on conditions expense it could vary by customer events or tradeshows. So it does vary quarter-to-quarter.
Trac Pham: But there is no issue there. It’s a reflection of the underlying health of the business that’s what you are try to get out the run rates for the quarter and year-to-date were actually very healthy and up.
Trac Pham: It’s a combination. This is Trac, Tom. It’s a combination of few things, one is just the continued hiring in our business to the head count for the acquisitions and also traditionally Q4 is our historically the highest expensed quarter.
Trac Pham: I’d add, even though, we stated earlier that collectively the acquisitions will be dilutive for next year. Our goal is still to drive EPS growth in the high-single digits.
Trac Pham: So, Monika, we think that the combination of buybacks and acquisitions definitely create a lot of value. We -- this particular quarter we happen to emphasize M&A, but overall early this year we did complete the -- we did announce the $180 million of ASR. And when you look back since 2010 to now, we’ve bought back more than $1.1 billion of stocks, so we are very committed to that.
