Aart de Geus: Actually I would say no, I don't think that there’s material other change. There was some worry about three months ago that seem to have settled. I think the market is just re-adjusting itself among the companies who is doing better than others, but the end demand I think remains just as strong as it was before. 
Aart de Geus: No, I think fundamentally I think we have predicted it reasonably well and while we didn’t use those words, the words are not all that far away from where we are. And so we do see good demand and broader demand, so that is excellent. So in the long term I think that will just sit at the back. Last year was just particularly strong and actually overall so far this year is good in general. I think you characterized it correctly. 
Aart de Geus: Well you know I don't think we want to go into the intricacies or all the individual actions, but with all of our customers we have essentially constantly applications, engineers helping them and you know right now we just follow exactly the rules set by the government and they include not getting specific support. 
Aart de Geus: Yeah, well we wouldn't break it into individual pieces. Large companies typically our participants in all of our portfolio. So that certainly would include the tools and IP. 
Aart de Geus: No, we don’t see any changes and I think it's too early to see any changes in the market, period. Obviously there will be some readjustment of how different suppliers act. I'm talking about semiconductor companies. But I think it's really much too early to speculate I would say, even the last few days there have been changes. 
Aart de Geus: Well, you know I think that all companies that are in the signature arena are continually racing forward to try to provide products with high end nodes and most sophisticated technology. I don't think that goes away under any economic scenario and so this is one of the reasons why we think that overall our business outlook is very solid or strong, because the demand given the applications that are being developed requires strong investments on the part of our customers in advanced technologies, and so different companies will get there in different ways, but the race is definitely on. 
Aart de Geus: The model that we described for the Software Integrity is roughly about 20% plus growth and if we continue on that path the growth will be there and then over the last few years not only have we invested in the product portfolio and our go-to-market infrastructure, but we have also spent time building out the organization infrastructure, the back-office where there is the systems or the processes to scale in that. So you will continue to see improvements in operating margins through a combination of revenue growth in that 20% range and operating leverage as that business scales. 
Aart de Geus: You know that’s very sure that’s never changed all that much. It was always sort of in the 40%-ish for the system houses. But in all fairness you know those definitions are becoming much fuzzier because a number of system companies that in the past didn't do any chip design have now started to invest in chip. And I think we mentioned some of those as being some of the big cloud providers for example are some of the very large companies in the world and at the same time the other people that are dedicated to chip design are spending more money because it's more challenging. So fundamentally for us the picture is changing, but is not evolving away from those numbers.
Aart de Geus: Yeah, so maybe I can comment a little bit going back to, I forget exactly if it's two or three quarters ago when we communicated to you that we had essentially executed on a multiyear investments push with a number of acquisitions, specifically creating the Software Integrity Group, but also a number of pushes on the tool side and in broadening our IP portfolio. So we are continuing on all these investments because I think we invested in the right direction and things are looking quite good there. At the same time, as we communicated to you that we were putting additional emphasis on improving the Ops margin after this round of investment, we are not only looking at all the infrastructure tasks and all the processes as Trac mentioned, but literally going through every business and looking at, so which products have higher potential, which areas in the world or areas with customers need an additional emphasis or can be slightly reduced, and even what verticals are of interest and we've done very well for example in the automotive side, but there may be others that we could consider. And so it is actually a long list of a lot of fine tuning, but the fine tuning does have an impact.  As to the openings, I do think that we have a very large number of openings at this point in time. They do change from time to time also because business units revisits where the needs are, how these have evolved, which position has been filled, what are we looking for and they also move a little bit from geography to geography as a function of the situation.  So I wouldn’t say there is anything abnormal in that, but I think we are very serious and well organized to keep pushing on the ops margin and if you have watched the result in the last few quarters you should at least get an inkling that we're heading in the right direction. 
Aart de Geus: Sure, you know one of the key capabilities of the ZeBu 4 is (A) that it is faster and (B) that it can do much larger capacity and the fact that you can really scale your capacity as required by the needs of the customer.  Lastly the cost per computation is the lowest on the market and so that makes one attractive solution. It’s actually a solution that has also found some really hairy problems to solve, such as can you start running software on hardware that you don't have yet. In other words, can you virtualize your designs, can you implement them in an emulator before you actually have to silicon and that is turning out to be both a very challenging problem, but one that we are well equipped for.  So we are very encouraged where this is going and if nothing else, we've also seen in the last few quarters that we are broadening the number of customers that are intrigued or that actually have started to use this. 
Aart de Geus: Regarding your question on prototyping, most customers if not all really use both, meaning that, let me say it differently, the people that use hardware invariably also use the software, because that's typically how they got to know us in the first place. For smaller problems you try to get as far along as you can on the software and once the speed is woefully inadequate and the complexity has grown, that's where people go and start using the hardware to get much faster results and we have multiple evaluations on that theme by the way.  So, the other comment I would make is that now its one thing to do very, very fast simulations. It's another thing to actually diagnose what happens when something goes wrong and so that's where the debugging is extremely important and we have a very, very powerful set of software debugging capabilities that work with both our software simulator and with the emulators. 
Aart de Geus: Okay, let me take one step back and say what is the platform all about. Well the platform is all about, to let software developers use really a multiplicity of tools that can detect a variety of quality and security issues as you develop the code. And so you have to realize that it's a little bit more than a year ago that we actually acquired one of the bigger pieces of our product and so the objective for this year and it turned out it was early in the spring this year, was to have the first version of the Polaris platform that aims at bringing all of our products together including by the way some services through that platform also. What we have to-date that some customers have already purchased is the platform with the first set of tools and Coverity was the first set of tools that is on there. As we now progress through the next 12 to 18 months, more and more of our tools will become available. The last comment about this is that, why is this particularly relevant for the larger companies, because a if you were you know the seesaws [ph] or the head of IT in a large company you have a lot of challenges around security. And of course for each challenge there are 10 different companies that have some miracle cure and a while we do not participate in many of these remedial situations, what we intend to provide is the best development environment that can constantly diagnose and early indicate issues so that the development is better in the first place. And for that the ITs, heads of ITs or seesaws would rather have one trusted broader partner as long as “the stuff works together” and that's so easily said and so difficult to do, and this is why we are so excited about Polaris platform, because we are making things work together really well. And of course we have you know 25 years of lessons learned from EDA on how to do that and now we are applying all of these lessons to the Software Integrity space. 
Aart de Geus: Sure, let me start by apologizing on the static, while we don't hear any of that, so you've been loud and clear to us. I hope that the messaging at least that came across and if nothing else, we all understand that there's a quite a bit of noise in the market and most of those things there's no control we can have over that situation.  But in general, our business has been strong in the first two quarters of the year. Is looking good for Q3 and so we are continuing on per terms on our trajectory and we appreciate all the interest that you had in this earnings release. Have a good afternoon! 
Trac Pham: That’s correct Rich. We try to widen the range to capture the possibilities of the restrictions remaining in effect and then the higher end of the range which reflects the execution of the first half which has been very strong and then possibly that gets listed in some reasonable amount of time.
Trac Pham: It is fairly that isolated issue, because when you look at first half results you are seeing very good growth in the top line margin improving very well against last year and you can see in our guidance for Q2 was very constructive. And so the widening of the guidance range really reflects the trade restrictions that went into effect last week. 
Trac Pham: Yes, let me start with this. Let’s focus on this year. We're showing a really good trend on software integrity and that’s heading in the right direction after you know roughly five years of investment in that area.  The profitability or the OM for that business, it's going to be noisy from quarter-to-quarter. Keep in mind it's a nascent market that’s growing and the profile of that business will vary from quarter-to-quarter, it’s just the revenue growth, but still very strong and we’ll continue to invest in this area. So you'll see us talking about revenue growth and investment. For this year though, we are certainly on track for profitability for the business, but I just would be cautious about extrapolating too quickly the Q1 results heading to Q2. But we definitely will be profitable. Longer term given the dynamics and the nature of that business, we do expect it to be at lease as the corporate average in terms of OM. 
Trac Pham: Yes, so our cash flow guidance of $670 million to $700 million does reflect a couple of new items. One is an impact of tax collections for that customer and probably it’s just a reflection of the fact that we aren’t able to provide additional support for them, so the prudent outlook is to assume that the collections will be delayed. The other part is the restructuring that we took in Q2, a minor restriction that we took in Q2. 
Trac Pham: Generally, immaterial to our overall results. Keep in mind, the one currency that's not denominated in USD is the Yen and that is hedged at the beginning of the year. So the top and bottom line is pretty much dampened by FX. 
Trac Pham: Yeah, it’s really, Gary it’s very much fine tuning. We've committed to driving operating margin expansion with a focus on hitting the high 20s by 2021. We’ll continue to invest in the business, that’s an important part, across all areas and as we tweak and tune it we’ll try to – our focus is making sure that we're emphasizing the business areas that is going to deliver the best combination of top line and – top line growth and margin expansion, and so Q2 was just a function of that you know.
Trac Pham: So let me start with your first question Jay. The backlog was around $4.3 billion, pretty consistent with where it was at the end of Q1. Overall the business, as you can see in the outlook, the business has been pretty healthy and run rate growth was actually up in Q2 again.  I’ll make a few comments on the fine-tuning of our business and Aart can provide some more color, but it really ranges across the board. For example, you know it goes from systems implementation. Over a couple years ago we upgraded our ERP system to get prepared for 606 transition as well as the evolution of the business into different portfolios.  Having that platform then allowed us to go in and spend time last year and continue into this year looking at our infrastructure and the processes around the Software Integrity business and allowing us to scale some of that benefit you are seeing, certainly in the profitability improvements in the first half. But really looking at our business processes and then the systems that are supporting that business, the CRM system that supports that business which is very different than what we are traditionally used to. It’s much higher volume, lower dollar in absolute terms relative to the EDA and IT business.  Those are two examples of the sort of the things that we are looking at, but you can see in some ways they are big heavy lifts in terms of creating the infrastructure, but they are appropriate things that you would want to do in terms of scaling the business from where we are today at $3 billion to the next level of ambition. 
Trac Pham: You know, as you look on a multiyear basis you should see a steady progression from where we were last year to where we want to be in 2021, which is the high 20s. You will see a steady progression towards that. On a quarter-to-quarter basis it can be very highly variable, very lumpy give the mix of the business that we shipped up, particularly quarter or the contracts that are in play that quarter, but overall you see that trend on an upward trajectory. 
Trac Pham: Our guidance is focused on FY ’19. So the range in particular in the lower end reflects the possibility that the restrictions are in effect for the rest of the year. In the event that does change the then you would expect it to be on the higher end of our revenue and earnings guidance.
