Aart De Geus: Sure. Backlog is completely dependent on the timing of the very large deals, and given that we have a number of large customers that do multi-year deals, typically backlog will tend to go down until it goes back up. And so, from our perspective actually this turned out to be a very strong backlog year, and so we are very well on track with this.
Aart De Geus: Well, in general the digit space is strong for us because the complexity that comes with chips with many more transistors and simultaneously fairly difficult to achieve performance and power objectives, demands the utilization of sophisticated tools, and this ranges by the way from the synthesis to the place & routes to older tools that are around that including of course all the verification tools as well. So, in that space, we have seen very good results, it is very competitive at any point in time, but we are also seeing that our technology this year has really strengthened substantially. So, this has been a very strong year, especially second half and as we enter into 2017 we feel that we are in a good position.
Aart De Geus: Well, our run rate is up periods, but when we look at bookings there is some years that have more, some years that have fewer large transactions and most of those are somewhat predictable in terms of their timing because of course they have on average about a three-year cycle, and so if in any given year, let’s say for argument sake you have one or two larger transactions that were to happen at the same time that in that year you would see the backlog spike up substantially and then consequently in the next two years after that by a natural utilization of the backlog. If I can call it that, you would see a decline. And so, against that complete understanding of where these things are, our statement is we had a very good year and we are in a very solid position in terms of the backlog that we have enhanced for predictability for 2017 for example.
Aart De Geus: Yes this is roughly the target model we are moving forward with. And 2016 was very strong in terms of hardware, and so you never quite know exactly when the hardware comes in because it tends to be lumpy, but there’s no question that from a technology point of view we have any solid situation and there’s also no question that fundamentally all kinds of acceleration techniques in hardware are necessary for many of the very complex hardware software products that are coming to market. So, I think it’s going to continue to be a good area for all of the EDA vendors and specifically for us also.
Aart De Geus: Yes, I think that we are not too excited at the beginning of the year apply to Synopsys pretty much every year. We are by nature cautious as we look forward, but at the same time we do not see any decreasing demand for the technology, and so it may be spiky from one year to another. But fundamentally, it's a good business that we expect to continue to see good results in.
Aart De Geus: Well you know, I would almost like to start with what did happen and I think this is a statement that’s probably true for the entire EDA industry, we worked really hard in light of seeing this happen. On the side of what did not happen is there was certainly no slowdown from a technology point of view. And so as much as these consolidations to some degree are set-up to try to reduce the overall cost equation for these companies, more often than not rather than getting the cost reductions what they do is spend the money immediately on just doing more demanding products and taking advanced technologies because they still want to differentiate themselves.  And so we’re fortunate enough at Synopsys to be positioned very close to the leading edge. Those are people that with or without consolidation they want to be differentiated and that’s how we balance things. In my preamble and I’m sure I must have used the same words a number of times in earnings releases in the past, I would say well you know, a consolidation is momentarily a headwind, but in the long term these companies are morphing or merging because they want to attack a new market and there’s no question that if you look at the overall high-tech horizon that electronics plus software combined in the next decade will have profound impact, how it manifests itself for these companies while that is precisely what they’re raising towards. And so I think we are part of this race one way or another even if during a merger the mandates from the top 10 to be safe money. The mandates then pretty quickly shift to become more differentiated and that’s where we are playing. 
Aart De Geus: Yes, the word speculation is not really part of our vocabulary, I think in this context. I think the only positive is that this acquisition shows the value of EDA and I think hopefully it reflects well on all of us.
Aart De Geus: I think if I look back at our - the entire history of Synopsys, which by the way in three weeks will be 30 years believe it or not, if there’s one thing that we take some pride in is that for the vast majority 80%, 90% of our products we have in all these years always been at the state-of-the-art.  Now to stay at the state-of-the-art when you have that rate of change underneath implies a continual rotation of investments from one product to the other and from time-to-time there are bigger steps in many situations it’s just constant delivery of new capabilities and so this is true for our entire portfolio and that certainly includes the synthesis, it includes the timing, it includes the power optimizations, the place & route, etcetera, and so it should not be a surprise that we invest in these tools that are absolutely central to a modern digital design.  I mean these are the type of tools that has made the Moore’s Law possible from a design perspective. And with our third decade finishing or not, the fourth decade is absolutely aimed at technology leadership and driving the state-of-the-art and making it possible again. So, we will continue to invest at a strong clip in R&D because that is how we have been successful as a company.
Aart De Geus: Well you know, for a start 2016 of course was very strong from an hardware point of view so that may balance how one looks at different products a little bit differently. And then individual products themselves go through waves of being more central to the renewal of agreements or not. In general though I would say that we have a really well balanced product portfolio because with a very strong position in the core EDA that is central really the continuation of advanced chip design and system design, around that the verification is reaching into the software, the design tools are reaching deep down into the physics of silicon and the software itself is now an area that is seeing good investments. And so we very much look at the core EDA as one of the key things that is enabling yet another business, which is the IP business. And so when you look at it more as a portfolio at any point in time the balance shifts a little bit because one technology sort of enables the other.  Finally, you are looking back at 2016. This was a year where we can literally say and this is as much an aim that the internal team see as any area is that every one of our businesses did very well. And any given year some do better than others. This year we had across the board very good success.
Aart De Geus: Yes it is a growth driver over time, but it starts from a very small base and the company right now round numbers is sort of at that 2.5 billion and so an individual small product does not have the impact to change with the overall revenue line really is markedly impacted. Nonetheless, it is an area that we’re gaining strength in that before we didn't have. And this is especially true in the conjunction with an outstanding analog mixed signal and custom verification set of tools and specifically in the area of FinFET and so we have good hopes actually for some really good results in 2017.
Aart De Geus: It does feel like we are heading towards some degree of critical mass and we are driving the business now towards profitability after the delusion issues that we will be passing and the reason I think we are starting to have critical mass is because we are seeing the deals that we are making grow in magnitude and the number of large deals is growing from quarter-to-quarter, but just as important from an operational point of view is, I think our sales team is now delivering significantly on their own projections, and that sounds like a trivial thing, but it’s actually not.  It is that we are increasingly on top of the market segment where we know what we are doing and where there is demand that is growing. Now having said that and you all know this, the word security occurs in so many different dimensions, and of course this is a world market with a much larger number of potential users than what we would have seen in EDA, initially of course at much smaller transactions sizes, but in a set of verticals that we have never touched in the past.  And so just to highlight one aspect of Cigital is they are particularly strong in the financial market, and that is a market that’s while we had a number of successors in the past they were sort of, I don't want to say accidental, but they were not systematic to say the least. This changes that immediately and moreover because of the service nature and because of their ability to help do diagnosis at a higher level in a company of the general readiness for security, I think it gives us an entry point with the CIOs and CTOs of companies that we didn't have before. And so all of these pieces combined as we integrate them, I think we will start to feel like increasingly a critical mass and it’s a word that I like myself quite well.
Aart De Geus: Well I think it is will be in many cases the entry point tends to be a bit random because companies are random in terms of how they certainly are dealing with security although if you look at automotive, ever since about 15, 18 months ago you may recall the jeep was hacked. That sent a shiver for the automotive industry that had for literally decades done an extremely good job at driving the engineering to be on top of safety. Well, overnight the software part became the Achilles' heel of safety and therefore very much top-down from those companies all the way from their boards got the mandate off we have to deal with this.  And this is precisely why the service business is helpful because if you get a mandate top-down in the company let’s say from the board of directors go deal with it first thing you need to do is to have sort of an assessment so where are you, and this is where Cigital has another key asset, which is over many years they developed a mechanism to assess in a number of dimensions the degree of security preparedness of companies.  And so that is a perfect entry point and that so-called v-sim maturity model can be used to then drive the dialogue to what should be the action taken and hopefully in those action rightfully so there would be a number of interactions with us on our products or additional services. So that is why I think all these pieces gradually fall into place, but it’s in new market and so there is a lot of learning and where there is lot of enthusiasm about what we close today.
Aart De Geus: Well it’s hard to say it didn't have impacts and it’s hard to point exactly at what the impact is because as I said earlier whenever two companies consolidate within three minutes later it is, while we have to save money to pay for the premium that we just gave out. And you know consolidation is fundamentally either a move towards efficiency, strict economic efficiency, or it is a move towards and that’s why I like these words critical mass horizontally be bigger in a market and therefore another way to be efficient or it is move towards vertical critical mass meaning heading towards verticals that before company couldn't reach or with the value proposition is moving up to stack. And so as companies navigate through just the hard practical integration and money saving phase, very quickly they end at what is it that they want to accomplish and not that means immediately money spending, but it certainly means immediately helping with differentiation. And that’s why as much as these transitions initially are a headwind we've navigated recently well through them, I would say.
Aart De Geus: We are well aware of that the overall industry I think is doing very well in emulation, and the reason for that are in some way straightforward, which is the complexity of the chips for those people that provide emulation more on the silicon verification side or the sheer amount in complexity of the software for those people that are maybe more focused on the software side or those that are working in between the hardware and software in all three cases is up substantially. And I don't have to tell you that the value of over the cost of not getting to market on time because the hardware and the software done don't quite work together, it is extremely detrimental. Therefore, I expect that the investments in this area will continue and it’s a very competitive market, but speaking up for Synopsys, I think we are well positioned.
Aart De Geus: Well normally we don't disclose it unless it is material to the overall results. Relatively speaking it was not a super high year of M&A and maybe the best is if we get back to you later because we don't have the numbers in front of us actually.
Aart De Geus: Obviously there is always variability from year-to-year, remember that in 2016 we had a very strong hardware year and that is quite lumpy, so for your earlier question we want to be a bit conservative given that these things are very hard to predict. But fundamentally, I think we feel ourselves that we are coming into 2017 in a stronger position than we enter 2016. And so now of course the proof is in the putting and there is a lot of work to be done, but that sort of is the way it feels to us right now.
Aart De Geus: You're welcome. Well I think we have reached the turn of the hour. So I would like to thank all of you for not only attending this earnings release, but for closing yet another year. We are thankful that we had a strong year, we are thankful to our employees, our customers, our partners, but also to you for following us and reporting on our endeavors. We are heading into 2016, 2017 with a good confidence and a lot of exciting things to do. And so we hope to have you on the next earnings call, sometime next year. Thank you very much.
Trac Pham: Hi Krish, this is Trac. Yes, Coverity did do about a $100 million for this year as we had expected. As far as Cigital and Codiscope I would model that roughly at half that business, and although it’s modestly dilutive to 2017, we do expect it to be accretive by second half of 2018.
Trac Pham: Hi Rich this is Trac, for modeling purposes you should feel comfortable that we will maintain the 90/10 model.
Trac Pham: I don't think we were operating at that level to begin with, but yes, first of all you are right, it should be in that range after the Coverity business, the impact of that is a combination of the deferred haircut and the integration of the business over the next 10 months.
Trac Pham: No, we are aspiring for higher operating margins and we remain committed to driving margins through the mid-20s. As you are looking at this 2017 guidance and you separate out this Cigital and Codiscope impact, we would have grown margins very healthy from 2016 to 2017. Now the factoring in the dilution impact of that we’re going to see it roughly flat year-over-year, but the underlying health of the business is good and we are growing margins there.
Trac Pham: I would say that due to something to keep in mind is that net of that impact we would have been growing EPS in the high single digits.
Trac Pham: Yes over time you should model you should assume that cash from operations should track EBITDA less cash taxes, but as we said in the past it will vary from year-to-year. 500 million we think is still a very healthy level of cash flow for the year. Keep in mind when we entered 2016 we guided to about 500 million and we over achieved that by over $80 million. So the comparison is a little bit tough year-over-year. The second thing to keep in mind is that we think there is roughly $30 million headwind on cash flows this year as a result of the dilutions and cash outflows related to the acquisitions, and then timing of some early payments that shifted from one quarter to next, or year to next.
Trac Pham: Coverity did end up close to where we expected to end up at 100 million, it was modestly dilutive as a result of some of the acquisitions that we made earlier this year, but it’s trending very well in terms of growth and profitability. The Cigital, I think you asked for the side, Cigital and Codiscope is about half of that business.
Trac Pham: No we won't split that out, but roughly the growth in those businesses are in line with the models that we previously communicated. And in general, I would add that both areas are doing very well and the IP business in particular saw a very, very good growth this year largely because complexity demands alternatives to design in one of the key alternatives is to buy those blocks that you can get on the market and that are cost efficient and while at the same time being super high performance and low power. And that is exactly the collection of IP that we have.
Trac Pham: Hi Gary. So we’ve been actively working on that over the last few years and right now we are fairly confident that we should be able to maintain the rate of a model for our business. There is obviously some details remaining to work that out and actually the implementation of that is going to be fairly complex, but for the most part we are confident that we should sustain the model.
Trac Pham: Yes the upfront, the strong upfront in Q4 were functioning both hardware and IP that was recognized on a perpetual basis or up fronts.
Trac Pham: Gary just a follow-up to your earlier question, the cash outflow for M&A was about 60 million for 2016.
