Shelagh Glaser: Thank you, Sassine. We continued our strong momentum in Q2 with revenue at the high end of our guided range, non-GAAP operating margin of 37.3% and non-GAAP earnings above the high end of our guidance. Our Q2 results are driven by our relentless focus on execution, leading technology that is mission critical to our customers and a resilient and stable business model with $7.9 billion in non-cancellable backlog. We remain confident in our business and after raising guidance at our Investor Day in March, we are again raising our full year targets for revenue and non-GAAP EPS. As Sassine noted, we entered into an agreement to sell our software integrity business. Unless otherwise noted, our software integrity business has been presented as a discontinued operation and our consolidated financial statements for all periods presented. I'll now review our second quarter results, which are presented on a continuing operations basis. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $1.45 billion, up 15%. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $1.12 billion, total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $911.7 million, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 37.3%. GAAP earnings per share were $1.92 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $3. Now on to our segments. Design Automation segment revenue was $1.05 billion, up 14%, driven by strength in EDA software and hardware. Design Automation's adjusted operating margin was 39.6%. Design IP segment revenue was $399.8 million, up 19%, driven by broad based strength. Design IP adjusted operating margin was 31.2%. Operating cash flow, including discontinued operations was $477 million for the quarter and free cash flow, including discontinued operations was $438 million. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $1.66 billion. Now to guidance presented on a continuing operations basis. For fiscal year 2024, the full year targets are revenue of $6.09 billion to $6.15 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $4.56 billion and $4.61 billion, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $3.77 billion and $3.81 billion, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin improvement of approximately 2 percentage points at the midpoint. Non-GAAP tax rate of 15%, GAAP earnings of $9.14 to $9.36 per share, non-GAAP earnings of $12.90 to $12.98 per share. Cash flow from operations of approximately $1.3 billion, free cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion. Now to targets for the third quarter. Revenue between $1.505 billion and $1.535 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $1.10 billion and $1.12 billion, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $920 million and $930 million. GAAP earnings of $2.22 to $2.35 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $3.25 to $3.30 per share. Our press release and financial supplement include additional targets and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations as well as historical, financial and operating metrics presented on a continuing operations basis. In conclusion, we are on track to achieve revenue growth of 14.5% to 15.6%, approximately 2 percentage points of non-GAAP operating margin improvement and 22% to 23% non-GAAP EPS growth in 2024. Our confidence reflects our leadership position across our segments, mission critical products to enable our customers' robust design activity and a stable and resilient business model. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Shelagh Glaser: Yes. And the other thing I would add is, I think as said in his prepared remarks, we outperformed on hardware this quarter. So it was another nice quarter of execution by the hardware team.
Shelagh Glaser: Absolutely, Jason. So thanks for the question. It's AppSec because of course, that's moved into discontinued operations. And just to give you some relevant comps that will come out later in this week as you get the quarterly filing. Q1 2024 on that same basis was 7.7% and then Q2 2023 on that same basis was 6.8%. So that versus what I just shared are Q2 actual 7.9%.
Shelagh Glaser: Well, as you noted, IP tends to be lumpy for us. And so you saw us have about 53% IP growth in Q1. So Q1 -- Q2 is a bit muted from that, although we're still up 19% year-over-year and we anticipate another strong year for IP. And the lumpiness is really about the timeline in which the customers need to ingest IP into their design. And so as you noted, that will continue through the year and we expect continued growth throughout Q3 and Q4 with a strong Q4.
Shelagh Glaser: Sure. So our main focus on our investment is obviously investing in both design automation and design IP. So we're -- I think as we talked about at Investor Day in the IP Group, we're building out IP blocks for the leading edge technology where the standards are moving much more rapidly, especially driven by the kind of the insatiable needs of AI. So we're building out the standards in a more rapid fashion. And so that's a significant part of our R&D. And then in the EDA the Design Automation group and the EDA in particular, we're investing in building out all our Synopsys study, AI capabilities and continuing to further those because even the ones that we've already launched, we're driving improvements in those. Those aren't just static investments.
Shelagh Glaser: Certainly. So what we talked about with SIG is it's up to $2.1 billion in consideration. And the way that breaks out is in three distinct parts. So we'll have $1.5 billion payment at close of the SIG transaction. And as we had noted, we expect that this transaction will close in the second half of 2024. So that would happen in this year. And then over the subsequent five quarters, starting in Q1, our first fiscal quarter of 2025, there is a cumulative $125 million payment. So you can think about the cash that we'll get is 1.625. So think about that. And then the balance, the 475 is payable upon agreed to specified rate of return that the sponsors would achieve and then we would participate in that -- that upside through a potential liquidity transaction.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes, very good question. So it's true. The 20% uplift is based on the DSO.ai incremental booking and revenue we're able to capture and the baseline increase for Fusion Compiler. On ASO.ai and VSO.ai, we're still in early stages, it's very difficult at this stage to give you what will the average be. So give us some time before we're able to capture more data points. But the one thing that we can confirm is as customers are using that technology in production, we're able to monetize it through the same approach and uplift to get access for the technology and an uplift based on the consumption -- the baseline consumption.
Sassine Ghazi: So two points on the Ansys performance. One, as you know, we're operating as two separate companies. So my suggestion here is to refer you back to what they're communicating, which is their continued commitment for double digit ACV and revenue growth for their FY 2024. And the other point is, during our diligence process, we had a close insight in terms of the shape of the year where it's tilted more for a second half performance compared to the first half in terms of the shape. So really that's the most we can say at this stage. But if you have any questions, refer back to the Ansys commentary.
Sassine Ghazi: So continued momentum in the core business. I mean, what we're seeing is the ongoing demand for faster compute energy efficient compute either by semiconductor companies or by hyperscalers is increasing the demand for the latest, greatest EDA technology as well as the demand for our IP portfolio. So with that, we are in a fortunate position with our customers and our portfolio that's driving that growth. And I know just 60 days ago, we updated to take the software integrity as a discontinued operation. But as we went through the quarter and we're looking at the rest of the year, it gave us confidence to raise the midpoint to 15%, which is roughly another $30 million raise for the year.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. As you recall, Charles, we communicated early in the year that we're a little bit cautious on China as we see macro and challenges in the economy in China and some impact of the restrictions. We had a good first half. We are anticipating growth in China. But overall, we're taking a balanced approach for the overall macro.
Sassine Ghazi: Yeah. remember, Josh, we've had a partnership since 2017. So the customers that we engage -- we Synopsys engage with in our core business, we already have that established go-to-market and established technology connections between the products that are relevant for that grouping of customers. So I won't say there is anything different in terms of customer behavior at this stage. Think of it as a continuation of what we started in 2017.
Sassine Ghazi: Sure. So Gary, few things. One, from a regulatory process point of view, we had a really a thorough roadmap on different jurisdiction filing and processes that we needed to -- with China, the first step we took was to communicate that our transaction is below the merger notification threshold. And that was confirmed last week in the letter, which is actually a positive confirmation. At the same time, it was communicated that they will desire to review the transaction, which at this stage, we're reviewing the notice, we're evaluating the potential next steps. And as we communicated to every jurisdiction, it's important to work collaboratively, try to understand what are any customer competitive, et cetera concerns that we need to take into account. And we're just following that process at this stage.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. There are a couple of parts of the portfolio actually that they are incredible sweet spot for memory design. As you know, memory design is more a custom structured custom design where we have our leadership position in fast spice simulation, where you take a memory design and you try to bring in acceleration in our fast spice simulation. And there over the last number of years actually, the memory market has been a sweet spot for growth for us in that space. We even introduced GPU acceleration for that fast spice simulation that the memory customers were the leaders and early adopters of that technology in order to deal with the complexity as these memories, especially the HBM3 and all flavors of new memory design, it drove nice opportunity for us to continue on expanding those engagements. So it's true, while memory companies were more a custom type of design flows. Over the last number of years, they've been leaning quite heavily to adopt latest technology to deal with that complexity.
Sassine Ghazi: Yes. So when a new node comes online, we engage in the point one and in some cases like foundation IP, even we engage before the point one PDK. And the reason we engage that early is in order to deliver what's called the node entitlement to get a sense of what's the power, the performance, the area of that node. And that's a very deep in the trenches collaboration with in this case TSMC, but it applies to Samsung, Intel, many other foundries. So the first is with our foundation IP. Then shortly after it's followed by the interface IP, where we are a number of the test chip shuttles that they have for internal validation of their process technology. And those come way before the customers buying the IP from us. So by the time the customer is ready to at a the 0.5 PDK. And in some cases, as you know, they wait for 0.9 PDK, et cetera, that's when they start pulling the IP from us. So the engagement starts, in some cases a year, a year plus before we see a customer ready to pull the IP.
Sassine Ghazi: Not at all. Interoperability is so essential for the workflows, so essential. And as far as I can go back and remember in EDA, you have customers that they're using mixed flows, mixed environments. It's very well alive and thriving in terms of customers using this mixed environment for many reasons. Many times the customer wants to introduce their special sauce inside the flow and they want to have these handshakes in an industry standard interoperable ways. And we've been doing it with Ansys. We've been doing it with our competitors, et cetera and I don't see anything changing there. The one thing that you hear when we talk about Fusion is there is absolutely value when you integrate deeper than the technology into your platform, the value of it to our customer is a predictable outcome where the step one is correlated with step 2, correlated with step 3, et cetera. But that as well can be achieved through an Interoperable mix environment. So I absolutely see that will continuing and you absolutely need an ecosystem in order to deal with the complexity of the future. It cannot be in my mind, a one platform that is sufficient to close the gap of complexity.
Sassine Ghazi: Actually, it's an interesting question regarding the mix. The advantage I want to say of a system company is typically they're starting from scratch, meaning they don't have the legacy CAD teams, the legacy workflows, et cetera. So the adoption of new technology is typically faster. That's what we observe. So when we introduce new technology, the rate of adoption is faster. But now as I look back, for example, at the DSO.ai or even the new technology, ASO.ai, VSO.ai, we have a mix of adoption, the classic semis and hyperscalers as well. And the second part of your question, if I understood it correctly, are we seeing customers that they're using two or more of the AI technology? The answer is yes, absolutely. What is different, Jay, now compared to 2020 when we introduced DSO.ai, AI was such a foreign new concept for even Synopsys engineers supporting it in the field and the customer adopting it. They were trying to prove can I trust it? How do I use it? What's the compute requirement to use it? Now it's a completely different discussion. Our customers' executives are pushing their teams to leverage any AI productivity booster that they can get and it's absolutely giving an acceleration of adoption compared to what we witnessed in 2020.
Sassine Ghazi: So if you step back and ask why do customers use hardware, there are really two use cases. One, there is the whole verification acceleration. Can I get the verification done faster? And two, software bring up. I don't think we will debate the fact that they're going to be more software content, customers are going to have to bring up as much as possible the software before the silicon is ready. And for both use cases, but we're -- I want to say biased that the software bring up use case is going to have a bigger opportunity of adoption for the reasons I just described. And as you know, we are more suited with our solution to a software bring up use case given the architecture of our hardware system. And those are the areas that I don't believe there will be any slowdown or direct change in direction when it comes to the hardware assisted verification use cases.
Sassine Ghazi: Okay. Yes, for DSO.ai, what we communicated actually during Investor Day that if you look at the TAM for the DSO.ai, use cases that you can take advantage of that technology. We're still in early stages. We are in roughly 20% of the TAM from a adoption point of view for DSO.ai. So there's plenty of opportunity to continue on expanding. And within that 20%, we are roughly at the 15%-ish in terms of adoption. And the reason for that, not because customers are pushing back or they're not seeing value, and there's a rhythm of adoption where you have to finish the tape out, go into the next project and broader that deployment across more -- we call them blocks, meaning partitions of the design. So that's DSO.ai. VSO.ai, we anticipate the adoption to be faster and the ramp to be faster than DSO.ai because what it does, it looks at your verification cycles and it improves the coverage by not having to go back and run and verify something you already verified in the previous run. So it's smarter approach to improve coverage while reducing the time and the need to just waste more verification cycles. And what the customer, the way they're looking at it is a TCO reduction because it impacts their hardware utilization where they're running that software on in order to get a higher coverage and speed up. As I mentioned on ASO.ai, it's all about modernization of the workflow. And in the early use cases we're seeing is a node migration. So to automate, accelerate, the customer feel of moving from node A to node B, where do they stand in terms of power performance area, and it's not only a digital thing you need because you need the whole SoC to go through this entitlement exercise.
Sassine Ghazi: So from a customer base point of view, there are the core analog companies that are truly trying to improve their productivity, improve the way they approach design and what we are hearing from that cohort of customers is how can we digitize our analog workflows to be more efficient, more productive, take advantage of the latest technology, et cetera. So that's a grouping of customers. And for that grouping of customers is very exciting because we're engaging them based on new technology and a new approach, if you think about it for designing their chips. Then there is the other grouping of customers where, as you know, customers always encourage and enjoy to see a competitive strong player to have alternatives to have for many other -- for many motivations. And that's part of it as well. So where we see a competitive displacement and engagement in that space as well. So think of it as two buckets that we're seeing the momentum that we have.
