Aart J. de Geus: I don't think there's so much meaning to that. We managed for the year, and so if you look at the overall numbers for the year -- I forgot the exact number, but we must be growing about 14% or so. And so everything else sort of falls in place gradually during year as the reality of transactions get executed. And it's all -- as far as I recall within the same range that we had before.
Aart J. de Geus: Oh, I think Magma and all of our own business is always a bit different than expected. The -- I'm, frankly, always a little bit baffled at the number of digits that we have in accuracy in giving guidance a year ahead of time. And so -- but in general, the picture actually is very, very solid. And actually, we're executing quite well with Magma. As said, the companies have been completely integrated. And so how all of these arrangements with customers actually play out over time is actually very difficult to predict exactly. But fundamentally, I think, no, there's no change to the business picture.
Aart J. de Geus: Yes -- by the way, and I can see why that would be slightly confusing. But when I said business levels, really, what I always think of is really how's the run rate of the business developing because we're certainly very clear that high or low orders can be significant or completely insignificant. It's all a function of how they roll out in the backlog over time. And so in this case, actually, the combination of both orders and run rate were positive. And so I didn't mean to obfuscate things. It's just a general term for actually business feeling good.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, this is a little bit always to the dilemma commenting before one actually has closed and most importantly, really have the teams work together on this. And so I can't really make many comments about this. But I can tell you one thing, which is what we do is, we try to take the best people that we have from -- on the acquisitions. And in this context, actually multiple acquisitions that play together, and ask them the question, what's the best thing for the customer today meaning to make sure that they fair well, and what's the best thing for the customer 2 years from now? And then you have to build a bridge trajectory. And having just done that with the Magma tools, I think we are well versed in that. And there may be some overlap, but I think there's a lot of complementary capabilities and strengths. And so I don't foresee any big problems there.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, it is actually quite difficult to quantify because it's always a little bit hidden in between the organic growth that we have, and of course, the M&A that we're doing. And you could say, "Well, why don't you segregate the M&A out?" But from an operational point of view, we are mostly doing exactly the opposite, which is as quickly as possible integrate the acquisitions. And so at the end of the day, the only metric that passes the -- the sniff test of time is the revenue over time, which you can see growing this year at about 14%. And I think we did better than we had planned last year as well. And while we're not really commenting about revenue yet, we have said that we expect to be on the same plan of commitments as last year in terms of the earnings per share growth. And so fundamentally, I think we're managing a very stable, well-growing business right now that is in a phase that is quite solid.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, we won't share the actual numbers with you. But the fact is we do have a great number of these metrics. And I'll be the first one to say that they are very important to work through prior to an acquisition and look at to what extent they were roughly right afterwards. But I'll be also the first one to say that they are often not as meaningful as one would want to because the very nature of success is for these metrics to disappear and become part of the Synopsys overall metric. And therein lies the challenge and having been on other boards, I see the problem in many of these situations where you really would like to track for the next 5 years if it was a great decision. And the reality is, they're part of the family and the products are integrated and one builds on it in different ways. And so at the end of the day, it ends up being executive judgments to see which ones were well done and well not. Now just to give a little bit more color, we do look back on the acquisitions, and there's always the test of fire, which is, would you do it again? And would you do it again differently? And would you not do it at all? And in the very, very majority, we never arrive at the question, we'd not do it at all, but we use each one of those look backs, which we do periodically as a way to learn and how to do it better going forward.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think we have seen caution for the last 2 years. And that is mostly due to the up and down of the economic picture. But interestingly enough, that caution as one aspect that tends to accelerate things, which is that people are even more conscious that if there is any economic challenge, you need to be very, very competitive. And if nothing else, I would say that the utilization of the advanced geometries and that touches certainly everything that has to do with lithography as well, has been very, very strong and very demanding. Now these new nodes tend to be actually fairly difficult to design in, and we can see that by just watching the amount of support and hand-holding required, but we can also see it by the level of interest in having tools that are ready for these advanced nodes. So interestingly enough, this is a clear situation where the overall, let me call it, caution in the global markets has had no negative impact on the R&D side of things at all, on the contrary. It may bring additional caution to the volume management side of these companies, but we have very little to do with that.
Aart J. de Geus: I think they are better than a year ago. And right now, we have not really changed the outlook. Remember that we were hesitant to comment about the industry, a, because there are fewer players that really matter; and b, because we're on slightly different revenue recognition models. And so it's only for ourselves, we think that this year turned out to be stronger than anticipated so when we did the planning mid last year. And at the same time, I think we're executing well, so that helps. Going forward, in -- all in all, I don't expect to see huge change. But obviously, economy does impact things a little bit. It's just not as much as for most other companies.
Aart J. de Geus: I'm hesitant to say yes and yes. It's very individual to companies. There are some large companies that are racing like crazy. It's quite amazing actually how they do that. And then there's some small companies that see an opportunity by racing like crazy to either get acquired or to take a piece out of the height of some of the medium-sized companies. So in many ways, it's the history of advanced high-tech is in full swing here. And with that, I think we're going to see a continual changes in the industry, some positive surprises, some unexpected changes. But I would like to highlight again, there's fairly high degree of concentration on advanced technology. A lot of people betting on getting the next shift to be at the next node and being still faster, still larger and in some cases, also lower power. So that's a race that we absolutely want to participate in.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think, generically, that's true. At the same time, it's interesting to observe that in the last 6 months, there were innumerable stories about not being able to get sufficient access to 28-nanometer. And that was a combination of capacity not being in place, but also, the yields not being as good as people would like to have. And so why is that important to us? Well, it's important to us because not only do we have tools that help improve the yield, but we also have design techniques that create higher yield. And so it just closes again the loop that from manufacturing to design, it's really one success ecosystem. And it's to our benefit to help people be as competitive as possible.
Aart J. de Geus: Okay. Well, to give you a comparison, rough round numbers at 28-32, we lump those things together. We have about a bit over 400 of those active designs.
Aart J. de Geus: No, it's similar. There was a bit of a delay on the ramps, I would say, about 2 years ago. And you can see it on the graphs of the different nodes. But fundamentally, at least at this stage, the shapes look similar. And we certainly know that people are already chasing the next one, too. So, so far, as much as the proverbial death of Moore's Law has been predicted many times, probably including by us, right now, we're defying death and for the next 5 to 10 years, I think there's a lot of work to be done.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, it has to be both, of course. At the end of the day, no business can grow its profitability well if it doesn't grow revenue. And obviously, that's got to be our driving consideration. At the same time, the rest is really the discipline of managing your P&L. And that discipline, of course, gets sort of shocked every time we make an acquisition because, at least temporarily, you have a new family member, so to speak, with different P&L configuration. And moreover, a haircut has been applied or is being applied for the first year or so. But having said that, we clearly look at acquisitions also from a perspective of efficiency, certainly for the infrastructure, certainly for part of our field connection to the customers, be it on the sales side or be it on the support side, and even in some of the cases on the R&D side. Although if there's efficiency of the R&D side, we tend to variably use that to really accelerate other capabilities. But fundamentally, there's no reason whatsoever that acquisitions should be negative over longer period of time to our profitability. And as Brian said earlier, we have been on the track to get to mid-20s and mathematically speaking, 24% is not quite mid-20s yet.
Aart J. de Geus: So on the licenses, I assume that you say it's a low-license market, if you compare it to, let's say, design drawing tools and things like that. Certainly, in that sense, we are relatively low license, also a much lower number of customers. However, certainly, in the last decade, we have seen a continual growth of the number of licenses. And the challenge that, as an industry, we have always faced is that customers need many more licenses but don't have many more times the budget that they have before. And so for better or for worse, the reality of that has been that they have gradually grown larger pools of licenses and gradually grown the amounts that they have spent with us. But the spending is unfortunately not proportional to the number of licenses. Now be it as it may, that is just the way this industry functions. And I'm not complaining; it's just an observation. Having said that, I think there's some areas that have seen clearly more license growth than others. And the area that immediately comes to mind is the various forms of simulation. And what you can see is that the complexity of the designs that people are dealing with, that simulation can be at the transitional level all the way to the system level. Those complexities are such that the number of potential errors is very large and growing much more rapidly than the size of the design, therefore, verification continues to grow. And so this is one of the reasons we're spending attention to that area. And I think we will see a continued license growth there. On the double patterning, yes, this is technology that is both very advanced and now very necessary. And for those that are not initiated with that term, what this is all about is that in order to get very, very small devices on a chip, instead of doing a single illumination, a flash of light, you do 2 flashes of light, or even 3, in most cases 2, therefore double patterning. And the combination of the patterns give you sharper lines, so to speak. Now you can quickly imagine that, that becomes very difficult because you're essentially doing 2 designs at the same time that are -- that become 1 design through the interaction of light rays. I've purposely made this story a little complicated because -- and you will appreciate that the tools to make this actually work are very, very sophisticated. The good news is, I think, we're very much on top of this field. We have been investing in this for at least a decade. Many acquisitions that we made in the lithography area over the years have greatly enhanced our understanding from every which way you can think about this. And so for the advanced tools, the answer is yes, this is now in utilization and is actually a point of differentiation when you can point to the fact that you have these technologies and get good timing and good power and all the other metrics of success. So the games continue to become more complex, and that, so far, plays into our hands.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, thank you very much for attending this earnings conference call. As said, I think we're looking back on a very strong quarter with a strong outlook for the year, which we shared with you, and also a lot of good work already in preparation for 2013. So with that, thank you for joining us, and we will follow up with some of you individually after this call.
Brian M. Beattie: Rich, just to add some clarity around -- we did have a very good quarter, as you could see from cash collections, and it allowed us to raise our cash forecast for the year. And it does relate to a number of those elements, just saying that the business is coming in stronger. The payment terms that we typically see actually were also more favorable relative to the amount of cash collected in the first year of the roughly 2.8-year deals. And we're also seeing lower disbursements as well. So all that contributed to good cash flow in the quarter and our ability to raise, fairly significantly, our cash flow for the year. And then the last thing is, again, we always highlighted, it does move quite a bit. It's tough to forecast and track our EBITDA numbers over time. So we're again happy with the output on cash flow for this year.
Brian M. Beattie: You bet, Raj, yes. They are expected to be slightly accretive, as I said, for all of FY '13. Of course, what will happen is that we will take their business model, which was more upfront, again under their local accounting standards and so on, that's all totally appropriate. And they're looking at how we then would go through on a contract-by-contract basis, just as we did with Magma. And then reprofile -- excuse me, we'll reprofile that revenue under the Synopsys business model, which has that 90% minimum ratability curve to it. And then we'll extend that again out over time. Their deferred revenues at the last financial statements were not very significant, with a little bit more revenue being taken upfront. And again, we'll go back and when we get into the details of the contract, break out the deferred revenues, apply the appropriate revenue haircut and purchase accounting and then integrate that. And again, our intent would be on the next earnings call, where we would give a guidance for 2013, that we could identify more of the details, only if the transaction closes by that time. If it doesn't, we'll give you an update at the end of the first quarter when we expect all of it to be fully complete.
Brian M. Beattie: It's specifically to each third quarter. We have a significant customer with an annual payment that does come through. So you've seen over a number of years now quite a nice growth in the deferred revenue accounts. And that is reflected again in this third quarter, as we expected. And again, anything relative to backlog and other things, we'll give you more details at our year-end call, as we typically do. Overall, just the message being very strong, broad-based growth and strength in our business levels and have to be able to pass that through in terms of increased earnings per share guidance for '12.
Brian M. Beattie: No, it's fortunately very tightly tracked and aligned and very tight payment schedules against that. So no surprises; exactly as expected. And we factored in the growth in cash flow guidance from last quarter was related to the strong business levels, better terms and conditions and lower disbursements, as our expenses are coming in lighter for the year.
Brian M. Beattie: Well, actually, maintenance in itself does not move a lot for us. It's fairly consistent. The delta from our prior quarters is in the service piece, which is what we call business unit consulting, which does tie into either milestone-based revenues or percentage of completion revenues. And in Q3, there was a number of specific deliverables in our IP and systems group that contributed to that growth in the quarter.
Brian M. Beattie: Now we wouldn't give you the details of the bookings activity. Recall, that we'll provide the amount of 3-year backlog at the end of each year. We track the revenues, of course, and go through contributors. We address the fact that we had nice run rate growth in the deals we did sign during the quarter. And again, anticipating very strong business levels through the second half to generate that ability, again, as last quarter as we're doing today, reiterating high single-digit EPS growth for '13.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, I would say that there would be a minimal tax impact on the transfer. The major jurisdiction is the U.S. versus offshore, if you like. And that is where, again, a pretty significant charge if you had to bring funds back to the country. So in a way, this is an excellent use of the cash that is offshore. The fact that it's offshore allows a lot of flexibility in which country and which subsidiary it's associated with and then bringing it into Taiwan to actually close the tender offer and the full share buyouts. So minimal impact from a tax perspective since the cash is already offshore.
Brian M. Beattie: It's again hard to compare until we dig into the specific details because again, we're under a slightly different local Taiwan GAAP standards to U.S. GAAP standards and the treatment of that. So again, we have a good assessment internally for our due diligence work that's gone on. And again, they will be operated as 2 separate companies until the transaction is completed. And we'll be working during that period to identify each one of the contracts and profiling according to the Synopsys and the U.S. GAAP standards that we will follow. And the end result will be that those revenues will be taken -- that have not yet been taken will be taken over very ratable more than 90% ratability curve. And that will be profiled. And again, expect to give details more on the next earnings call, as we learn more of that ourselves
Brian M. Beattie: I don't, but I'll just color it by saying more upfront revenue than what we have. So again, as we get those contracts in place, we will align them, integrate them, report back to you on our new duration if that looks -- we again anticipate it will be very similar. It's all software; just as ours is predominantly software. And we'll give you the details once we integrate it.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, good question, Tom. It's 50-50. It flows if you look where our revenues are split, 50 U.S., 50 outside of the U.S. The cash flow follows that profile as well. So again, relative to SpringSoft, use of offshore cash that will continue to build up there, for the U.S. side where, again, we can look at U.S. M&A, our buyback scenarios and other things, half of the cash will be attributed to the U.S., and good strong balances as well as having both debt capacities and the small amount of current debt currently on the board to really put our -- continue to put our balance sheet to work.
Brian M. Beattie: Sure, Mahesh. You can see that in 2012, we are forecasting over 100 basis point improvement in our operating margin compared to 2011. We have said for several years that our goal is, over time, to be in the mid-20s. So just as we're delivering as we have over the past several years, we continue to push for higher operating margin levels and expect that to be in the mid-20 range.
Brian M. Beattie: And Mahesh -- maybe, Mahesh, also just to maybe add to that, all of the discussion on operating margins, of course, are vectored towards continued high single-digit EPS growth. I mean, we've put that number out there several years ago. We've been fortunate in the last few years to see double-digit top line and EPS growth. And again, all of the actions we take relative to driving our core business, our IP and systems business, which now, even on a trailing 12-month basis, is over $400 million, driving that on double-digit top line growth, managing our expenses, looking at M&A for continued growth and finally, holding our share count at roughly flat with the FY '12 levels, have been the ways that we have developed our plan on continued high EPS growth. So margin management is just part of that related to both revenue growth and expense management.
Brian M. Beattie: Absolutely, yes. The first element that you referred to in the question earlier was about our large customer. And that payment was expected, and it's not contributing materially to the growth. Our prior guidance was about $320 million to $340 million. And now based on Q3 results and cash achieved, plus the outlook for our fourth quarter -- based on those stronger business levels, is one reason to show that our cash flow could increase hereby between $130 million and $110 million. The second thing was the profile of those new transactions, which we saw in Q3 and anticipated in Q4, just show that the ability to collect cash within the first year of the 3-year agreement is actually coming in better than we expected and very strong, good terms and conditions being put in place. And then remember, the third point was about the lower spending, lower disbursements and all that contributing. But again, to put it in context, we look at how that relates over time to our EBITDA less the tax -- cash taxes paid. And if you look back on the last 3 years, in '11 -- from '11, '09 and '10, our average operating cash flow is about $340 million. So we'll track that EBITDA over time. And just forecasting it of when a particular contract is signed and whether it's renewed early or renewed on time, those are all the elements we try to forecast each quarter in our outlook. And again, it's just all of it coming in much better than where we saw it a quarter ago.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, you got it. The expenses we factored in for the rest of the year assumes some growth in the numbers, but I'd kind of take you away from those open wreck list because in there, again, you've got a number of things. One is, again, we go after very, very specific technical engineering skills around the world in terms of EDA and semiconductor technologies. And those people aren't always available. So we are constantly looking for the best people. Second thing is there are normal industry levels of attrition that go on and happens in different places around the world at different rates. And you always have to have people available to come in and join your team, just taking care of normal attrition levels that we and every other company in the industry have seen. So again, the specific heads coming in, we factor through after -- you look at a significant list of potential hires and then bring that down into specific names and numbers and when would they start, what jobs will they have and so on. All of that is factored in very clearly, into our '12 plans. And again, we're also very cognizant of '13 spending levels. And we're working through some of the internal budgeting activities between now and, of course, our next earnings call to complete the details of how we're going to deliver again high single-digit earnings growth in '13.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, Jay. What I'd highlight is that again, relative to our organic growth and number of the acquisitions in this area, that we've seen some changes in our slight business model, less upfront revenue generically. We see more revenue related to both percentage completion and milestone based, and that was the discussion of how Q3 had picked up in the service line earlier. And again, many times in terms of some of the IP activities in that, there are commitments that take place over multiple years and the revenue has to be recognized over that period as well. So again, you see very strong numbers in terms of IP and systems. Even on a trailing 12-month basis, we're up about 26% in that area. And as I mentioned, we're now over $400 million trailing 12-month revenues in that area. So we said double-digit growth and clearly, you can see the results reflecting that over the past several years.
