Trac Pham: Thanks Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. 2020 was another excellent year. We reported record results in all key metrics, including revenue, non-GAAP EPS and operating cash flow. We finished the year well ahead of our initial expectations. Our ongoing financial success reflects a dynamic end market, our portfolio of best in class solutions, our resilient business model with nearly 90% recurring revenue and our determined execution. We're entering 2021 well positioned to exceed $4 billion in annual revenue and further expand non-GAAP operating margin. As a result, we are on track to deliver strong double-digit non-GAAP earnings growth and more than $1 billion in operating cash flow. I'll now review our full-year 2020 results. We generated total revenue of $3.685 billion, up nearly 10% over the prior year with strength across all geographies. Backlog grew approximately $500 million during the year to $4.9 billion. Total consolidated GAAP costs and expenses were $3.065 billion and total non-GAAP cost and expenses were $2.654 billion, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 28%. GAAP earnings per share were $4.27 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $5.55, up nearly 22% over the prior year. Semiconductor and System Design segment revenue was $3.3 billion with particular strength in EDA software and IP. Adjusted operating margin was 30%. Software Integrity segment revenue was $358 million with adjusted operating margin of 11%. While Software Integrity results were affected by COVID and our near-term operational transition, we are enthusiastic about the dynamic market and our leading industry position. Our long-term objective remains to grow software Integrity in the 15% to 20% range, exceeding market growth as we and the industry evolves. We believe operating margin can reach or exceed our corporate average over time. For 2021, as our operational adjustments take hold, we expect business levels to ramp throughout the year and to achieve 15% to 20% orders growth for the full year. Revenue will feather in over time due to our time-based model, our objective is to exit the year with double-digit growth in Q4 with the full year in the high single-digit range then accelerate in 2022. We increased the level of internal investments in 2021 as we implement our adjustments and we intend to resume margin expansion in 2022. Turning to cash, operating cash flow for the year was a record $991 million reflecting our strong results as well as robust collections. We ended the year with a cash balance of $1.2 billion with total debt of $128 million. During the year, we completed buybacks of $242 million. At this time, we expect to increase our total buyback in 2021 versus 2020. Now to guidance, which assumes there are no changes to the current Entity List restrictions. For fiscal 2021, revenue of $4.0 billion to $4.05 billion, total GAAP cost and expenses between $3.226 billion and $3.271 billion, total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $2.825 billion and 2.855 billion, a non-GAAP operating margin of 29% to 30%, other income and expenses between minus 11 million and minus 7 million. Non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%, GAAP earnings of $4.39 to $4.54 per share. Non-GAAP earnings of $6.23 to $6.30 per share. Cash flow from operations of $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion and capital expenditures of approximately $100 million. Now to the targets for the first quarter, revenue between $935 million and $965 million, total GAAP cost and expenses between $767 million and $785 million, total non-GAAP cost and expenses between $674 million and $684 million. GAAP earnings of $1.05 to $1.16 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $1.44 to $1.49 per share. Longer term, we are raising our financial objectives. We intend to manage to a rule of 45 over the next several years through a combination of solid revenue growth and continued operating margin expansion beyond 30%. In conclusion, we enter 2021 with excellent momentum, reflecting strong markets we serve, the resiliency of our business model and the outstanding execution of our team. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Trac Pham: This is Trac, I just want to add that you're going to see this in the 10-K in a couple of weeks that will highlight that we continue to do very well at Intel and our business there has grown in 2020.
Trac Pham: The two things you highlight are really the biggest contributor, the fact that we are growing up income and reducing our CapEx spend. The other thing I'll highlight is over the last couple of years, as mentioned, we've had some unusual one-time events that has hit us and we've always described that heading into 2021 things will start to normalize a bit with regards to one-time adjustments, whether it's tax related or legal settlement related or build out of our facilities. But going back to the point, the biggest parts of the fact that we are driving margin expansion up in '21 that's contributing to the strong cash flows.
Trac Pham: You're right. I would also add that it's great to have $4.9 billion a backlog and have that certainty and the visibility to the future, it does reflect the broad based strength that Aart described, but more importantly, I think the more critical measure for us is run rate and that was up pretty substantially for the quarter and the year as well, which is the one thing that we are more encouraged by when we look at the key metrics for our business.
Trac Pham: No. Jackson, there's really nothing unusual there and over time the time base is pretty steady, but from quarter to quarter. You'll see it be a little bit more volatile given the timing of contracts and would get added or falls off, so it's really nothing unusual in the business.
Trac Pham: Well, as you know, the Chinese economy has rebounded post COVID, but in general, is in a phase of growth where technology is important to where the country is going and we see many new companies entering the fray for chip design and other areas that we can provide them with tools with and of course, we see many of the companies that have now a number of years under their belt designing much more sophisticated chips. So, I expect that to continue for a long, long, long time. And when you say a decade it doesn't faze me at all, on the contrary, I think that's absolutely what's going to happen. And so our job will be to service that market as well as we can, because it's a great opportunity. Now, I would add to that that the countries around China are doing quite well also and so the whole Asia environment is absolutely moving forward on technology and we have - we're thankful that we have very good connection and in all these countries, be it ranging from Korea, Taiwan, but also Japan that is rebounding somewhat with the China phenomenon.
Trac Pham: Jay, this is Trac. So on your question, you're right. Thanks for clarifying that the - the dollar revenues at our largest customer is up this year. I know that you like reading our K. So I don't want to give away too much. That's going to come out in a couple of weeks and we can see the details of that relative to the prior years. Okay.
Trac Pham: We had a really good year, good year for good quarter and good year for hardware and it was down slightly versus a record year in 2019. But nonetheless, a really strong revenue year for us and same thing with IP. IP, I want to, yes it actually is a record year for us. Overall.
Trac Pham: I think for most part, Jason, we'll provide more details throughout the year. As I said, because where we are in the midst of developing that multi-year view, but for us to continue to drive margins north of 30 a lot of it's going to come from the rest of the business, the 90% of business that is driving the growth and profitability. Our longer-term there - as we said, pretty consistently. There's nothing structural about Software Integrity that would prevent it from converging towards the corporate margins, but that's a bit, but some time out. In the next few years as we think about it, a lot of it is going to come across and some of that's going to continue - but I'd say that a large portion will continue to be driven by the semi business.
Aart de Geus: Thank you, Rich. It was indeed a very good year and China definitely contributed substantially. In general Asia-Pac overall was very, very strong. We have no indication of pull-forward from China. Obviously, there's always questions around that, but nothing really out of the ordinary except the fact that we had very strong business with also quite a number of additional new customers.
Aart de Geus: We cannot say that yet because Jason Schmitt, the new GM has been there for just about 100 days. He has made already a lot of very good changes, specifically on the whole go-to-market side where we have been able, I think, to optimize much better. So as indicated, our expectation is that through this year we will gradually see the growth rate accelerate again because the business is fundamentally actually the right thing at the right time. And so I think as our execution improves, we will see the results probably fairly quickly.
Aart de Geus: Well, Tom. As you know, I never comment about individual customers, but one of the things that we know well for many decades is if anybody at any point in time stumbles a bit or gets ahead, the race is on among everybody. And at this point in time, I think all the companies that aspire to be at the leading edge in technology are investing and moving very fast to move the ball forward. Now, this is not just because they want to be first in line with the technology. It's that the demand of the market is very high. So it's not only do you have the latest node, it's also can you deliver in volume with the right level of yield because the production rates are pretty high. So, to us this is all good news. It is a good news because we see a strong wave of new designs, the new designs are very much aimed at the latest technologies. So people are taking advantage of that. And in parallel to this, the fact of continuation of, let me call it Moore's Law classic, we also see more and more customers now very actively looking at multi-chip or multi-chiplets in a design. And so I think the hunger for more capability is insatiable.
Aart de Geus: If I may chime in. I think I may have misspoken about the indirect sales channel, it is really a parallel utilization of a channel that typically goes to a large companies that actually help install things at our customers and so it's really sort of working more closely with the existing ecosystem and not really a different sales channels.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, if I were to find a common denominator among all of those things it is the adoption of advanced technologies and the reason for that is that the race is so much on in everything that has to do with big data be it from transport to storage and of course, especially to computation i.e., various forms of machine learning et cetera that people want to adopt the most advanced technologies. In order to do that, they really need to have the most advanced tools and Fusion Compiler is really doing terrifically well. We can see the benefits, our customers see that and it's in broad deployment. But the other thing is the building blocks and the building blocks are IP blocks and those IP blocks with the advanced nodes are becoming more and more difficult to do for many of our customers or just economically, not all that viable if they do it themselves. And we are absolutely ready for the most advanced nodes as they come out and so those are the areas that stand out. The last one I would just highlight is that with all these systems that use more and more and more transistors these transistors have one mission in life, which is have software run on it, and so the intersection between hardware and software, which we often refer to as prototyping overall is also very healthy.
Aart de Geus: Yes the margins there I think is very constructive, we're driving margins up between one to two points and remember that this is coming half way what I consider pretty extraordinary year, right, both in terms of strong revenue growth and margin improvement. At this point, this is the best visibility that we have in the business and I think it's a pretty constructive outlook for growth, profitability, as well as margin, as well as cash flows. So, pretty strong outlook for the year and we feel pretty good about it at this point.
Aart de Geus: Sure. So aside of the go-to-market improvements and accelerations in some areas, there are two other things that we look at. One is to increase our consulting capabilities because there is demand for that and they have a big impact on how well the rest of the business does. And secondly, on the product side, sort of a double focus - focus on one hand of making sure that each one of our individual products increase more and more their differentiation, because they do battle with a lot of small companies and simultaneously that the overall platform really becomes more and more integrated because there is a lot of demand from the larger companies to be able to look at their overall risk management picture as it applies to software and the more we can provide multiple tools that are integrated in that can jointly report on the status that is very helpful to the CSOs or heads of IT that are typically in charge of that.
Aart de Geus: Yes. Fusion is doing very well in every dimension. And as you know, this was a long road to get - it's not only a product, but it's a whole platform to get it to really - to the point that certainly has crossed the bridge, where it became markedly differentiated versus any competition and we see that not only with Fusion Compiler as the core product which, for those of you not familiar does both synthesis and place and route, but also has embedded in it, timing and power and testing a number of other things. In other words, it's intersection of many things that you look for on a design. It is also the linchpin for brand new products such as 3DIC, also connected very well to the Silicon lifecycle management capabilities and so in many ways, we feel that we have literally entered now the next decade of being able to build on that backbone that we have invested in for quite a number of years and so both the technical stats, the booking stats and the revenue stats are all looking very encouraging.
Aart de Geus: Yes, Gal, So I would say that you're right. With regard to COVID. We did get some benefit of COVID in 2020. So, and that was from most of the year and as we look at 2021, we do expect things to sort of stay that way for the first half, but we do expect some resumption of normal activities, so that's a bit of a drag on margins. But overall, as we've said, we are expecting to drive margins up this year. With regards to the question regarding incremental margins, we'll have more to say throughout the year because we're in the process of further refining our next multiyear financial plan. But if you think about the objective of rule of 45 and the idea of driving really strong growth while expanding margins towards a rule of 45, you're going to see pretty healthy income, incremental margin improvements year-over-year. So we'll have like I say what I to more specific details to provide as we progress in the year.
Aart de Geus: Jay, you opened a very big box with silicon lifecycle management because there are multiple entry points to that and one of the entry points that sort of obvious and actually have been asked for many years, is for chips that are in the midst of a situation that could be life threatening i.e., in charge of a car or the brake system of a car, so you really would like to know, is the chip still working. And if the answer is no, you really want to know what to do with that answer or how do you stop the car or whatever you have to do. And so that is already the first example where for a number of years, people have started to put different mechanism inside of a chip via test connections to know is something is broken, is the software still running correctly or are there heat situations and so on. And so from there to go to the notion of, well, why don't we start to add some additional sensors and by the way, sensors are very little things. So you can easily find a corner somewhere to put them in, that brings very quickly the next question, well, why don't we then take some data inside of the chip and can we make the decision of the chips that works inside of it, with other words can you have some machine learning that gets interpreted inside of the chip. In contrast to say, all we can now read out a lot of this data from the chip that comes from these sensors and use external learning or external interpretation of the data, so that we can make better chips going forward. And so I'm trying to just give you a little bit of a visceral sense that the minute you put observation points in anything but certainly on the inside of a chip and you have a way to either bring the data out or use it on site, so to speak, all kinds of new doors open up and that is why this is exciting, because on one hand, you could say, well, nothing new here on the other hand, you'd say there is a lot of new here and a lot new opportunity and specifically the AI that can be applied with it. So hopefully that gives you little bit of a sense that the opportunity space is very big. The good news is we are in a leading position with our test capability, so we have good connectors there, we have a very strong machine learning capabilities, we can use that and by the way our own IP has already use a number of these type of mechanisms for a number of years. So technically we know what to do.
Aart de Geus: I would add that throughout the company, everybody understands presently our objective of the rule of 45 and so it really applies to all of the businesses to do their best to move in that direction, but SIG is only about 10% of Synopsys, now it's a high potential 10% and so your conjecture that it will need to both grow and improve its margin is absolutely true, but for the numbers that we or the direction we're indicating to you we think that we have a number of engines that are doing quite well.
Aart de Geus: No, not really. There are number of other companies that provide either very specialized capabilities and I could mention Arm as actually very good partner to Synopsys, and then we have some direct competitors that compete on some of the blocks that we do, and in general, if the market is competitive that's actually a good sign that there is opportunity for growth and doing more. I think we will all be very busy because we think that there is a lot of market demand and I think it will increase. I think Synopsys is particularly well placed because increasingly IP is very much a trust business, these things are very complex and somewhat tongue in cheek, I've often said that it's a little bit like organ transplants, you want to make really sure that you're getting some very good quality solutions into your chip because otherwise it causes all kinds of other issues. And so it is very much a trust business, and I think Synopsys is doing very well in that regard.
Aart de Geus: Well, let me start with that part, what I meant, at that point in time, I was talking about SIG because obviously SIG is lower than our intent and our expectations and so the changes that we've made, I think, are all in the direction to vitalize specifically the go-to-market function and really align better the product consulting and go to market. Three steps for bigger business. So I was talking about that part of Synopsys accelerating back to where it should be. For the rest of the company, I think we're doing very well. I must say that it's very difficult to predict what 2021 will look like in general, there is high hope that as you heard in second half of the year, not only the Far East will do better from an economic point of view but also Europe and the US with the coming about of vaccines, but it's not a simple situation. Having said that, I think the semiconductor segment and the technologies around that are almost immune to that part of the economy because the needs are so high and many of the very things that got started on the COVID, such as the work from home, such as the massive communication, the massive amounts of data being used are just going to continue to be accelerated themselves.
Aart de Geus: No, no. Well, we ourselves are not in the x86 market, we provide all the building blocks around these key processes, right. And so if that part of the market wants to go accelerate themselves through a massive foot, right. By all means go at it because acceleration in general tends to use more technology and newer technologies and so I don't want to handicap any of the players. These are all very, very, very competent and great companies. But I think that's the applicability of various forms of cloud computing is broadening and what we're going to see is that, there will be more and more specialty areas, not only in general processing but various applications of course of graphics processors, but let's not forget, we are serving 200 or so companies all doing the best ever AI chip and these are all specialized computation machines that will - many of those will be very valuable for certain specific applications. So there is no slowdown by any means here.
Aart de Geus: You're right, Pradeep. I'll start with the second part of that the where the margin expansion is coming from for 21 specifically, given that we will make some additional investments in software integrity to get it on to re-accelerate growth, you'll see more of that margin improvement being driven by the semi business. With regards to the quarterly profile, it's certainly going to be a better profile this year than what we saw in 2020. Closer to fairly even but still a strong second half.
Aart de Geus: Well, I don't really want to comment too much about Arm as they are a strong partner. I would say that there are many different applications for different types of processors and we have never really competed with Arm in its main area, which has been very much the strong processes for mobility that are driven at the low power level in order to work well in affordable form. And so we do an enormous number of what we do - our customers do an enormous number of the Arm cores with our tools, I should say, and we drive them as hard as we possibly can. ARC has done particularly well in super low power situations or in a number of specialty areas, we have the processors just suited to build particularly well and automotive is one of those areas because there is all kinds of other requirements around automotive that have to be followed very strictly. And as we put a major effort in quality overall and in quality specifically for automotive, we paid attention for ARC specifically and that's why it's doing well.
Aart de Geus: Well, to be honest, there is probably a very good way to quantify it, but I cannot do that live for you here because I don't have the credibility. I would have to talk to the people in the IP group. Generically though, I can absolutely say that 28-nanometer feels like a long, long, long, long time ago and at that point in time, we were probably in the 20% or 30% of outsourcing. Now, we are much higher. But what has really changed is that the complexity of the blocks since that time. There is certain blocks especially all these big controller and communication interfaces, they have become particularly tough to do and they are exactly in the area where maybe some customers could do it themselves, why would they because they are often standard and being better than a standard is the same as being worse than a standard, you're not the standard. And so I think that has benefited our taking on more and more of the area on chips. If you add to that the fact that there is a large, large number of embedded memory that covers a large swathe of a chip as well. So from that perspective, we keep moving up in the percentage of what we do but what we do itself is moving up in its complexity and in its transistor density on an ongoing basis and I think that's why this business is very healthy, it is likely to continue to grow well, and we will be very close to the differentiation side of our customers.
Aart de Geus: Well, it's a good question, because many, many years ago you recall it well every time that the word M&A in your customer base came up. It sounds like a four-letter-word and actually it wasn't because the one thing that doesn't disappear are the very designers that are being M&A around, so to speak. And so from that perspective, it didn't harm EDA and IP businesses as much as initially expected. Secondly, you're absolutely correct that we have done a certain amount of consolidation in our market largely to actually stay as critical mass in order to be able to afford the amount of R&D needed for all of these new capabilities. Now I think in our core technology, we are very well equipped to do these things ourselves and invest in it, but on the sort of what's sitting at the boundary between existing Sam and new Tom, there are lot of new opportunities that are opening up. And so if you take for example the Silicon Lifecycle Management, we have acquired some capabilities, we are developing a lot of capabilities ourselves, but it's a new territory. It's a new town, maybe a little hard to describe how big it will be, but the promise is extremely good. And so from that perspective, I think we will grow with our customer base in aggregate. And I think that our customer base is doing well because they are at the center of what will drive the technologies over the next decade. So we will race with them.
Aart de Geus: Well, with that, thank you so much for participating today. We hope, of course, that all of you have stayed healthy within your family and yourself. It's not always been an easy time for everybody, but we appreciate the very fact that many of you have stayed in contact with us through the entire year. We look forward to 2021 with momentum and we hope that that momentum also includes your health and your wellbeing. We look forward to talk to you soon again.
