Brian M. Beattie: Well, again, we are seeing very, very strong business levels, and we referenced that last quarter and again this quarter. And as a result of that, we're able to confirm a very solid revenue growth for the year. We're looking at about 12% right now. It's right within the range we set at the very beginning of the year. It's within the range that we set at the last quarter even. And as a result of that, too, we're now able to raise the midpoint of our EPS guidance by about $0.03 from last quarter. So again, we're in good shape. We're actually -- you see us now shooting for over $500 million of revenue in the fourth quarter, which is a record achievement for us as well that we're planning.
Brian M. Beattie: Well, yes. We do see, as I mentioned, even last quarter, we anticipated the results we'd have this week -- this quarter. We do see some variability just based on the timing of the elements like our emulation hardware products and our boards, our prototyping activity, where all that revenues move within the quarter; so again, seeing very good, strong growth. The consulting part of the business is doing pretty well. And again, that timing of that is based on, Rich, either the percentage completion or when the cash comes in from the customers. So we just tune it into the actual expectations based on the type of business. But overall, looks like a very, very strong year again that we're putting up.
Brian M. Beattie: Well, the timing of the spending, again, is just based on when the agreements are put in place, and it's a profile that's recognizing salary increases that come in the year. There's little bit of variable comp related to, again, a very strong fourth quarter that's expected. So really, just a -- it's a typical Q4 profile that we see. We saw the same thing last year and then typically, the next quarter, in Q1, kind of drops off. So it really is just the tuning-up for all the final year expense activity.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, it's really a combination of that, Monika. For the first part, we do see the yen has devalued about 20% this year, and most of our revenues in Japan are in yen-denominated contracts. In addition to that, we're just looking at perspective on Japanese economy, which is fairly flat, and a lot of activity, of course, going on to encourage the activity levels and the investments to the government and so on to pick up the overall economic growth levels in Japan. So again, we expect that, that may bring us even better results next year.
Brian M. Beattie: Sterling, it's really related to the hardware part of the business. All of our hardware transactions are enacted in the quarter, in which we shipped, and it's taken upfront, so that reflects that. And it was a very strong on a quarter-over-quarter basis. So that's what happened in Q3, and it came in pretty well as expected. And again, it's one of those items we've highlighted that may move from quarter-to-quarter just based on timing of the deals and when we actually are shipping the product but it's not ratable. It's right upfront.
Brian M. Beattie: Well, maybe on the last part, no. No impact on deferred revenue. That's just business as usual. Everything was fully integrated for all of the acquisitions last year, were integrated at the very beginning of the year. So balance sheets and everything reflected that. And so the quarter-to-quarter swings in deferred revenues, which, as you know, just reflects the ability to invoice customers. And where we haven't taken revenue, there's no significant change in that profile year-to-year or quarter-to-quarter.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes. Okay, let me tackle all those questions. When we look at both the Q2 to Q3 profile, you're -- you sort of triangulating on a number of points related to specific contracts with specific customers. So for example, on the TBL line, as we had expected back in second quarter, we knew that there were certain elements related to both deliveries, cash collections from customers and so on that would have projected revenues in Q3 to come down a little bit from what we saw in Q2. That came through exactly, in effect, and that account was in the Asia-Pacific region. So sort of triangulating on your points about TBLs and then the Asia-Pacific. And then as we had indicated last quarter and this quarter, you are going to see a little bit of movement there based on either the hardware variables or the other elements that come in to services, which are up very nicely year-over-year. That's based on percentage completion, when we actually make the deliverables or milestones for that effect. But nonetheless, still maintaining 90% of each quarter's revenue coming from the backlog and being time-based. So it's just as we expected, as it came through, as it's profiled now in the Q3 is totally aligned. Your second question was about a COGS increase in Q3, and it was at $85 million and it was $77 million from a year ago. So that part there primarily related to the hardware deliveries, which I'd indicated with Sterling, was also up very nicely on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So that was where you'll see that movement from COGS for the cost of the hardware product that we delivered in the quarter. It was up very nicely.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, we've indicated that again, in Japan, most of those contracts are yen denominated. We haven't broken out all the details on a line by line, but it is noticeable as a nonmaterial impact up to the revenue line. We've seen some improvement during the year from the hedging program that was booked through other income and expense. And when it flows through to the bottom line of 2013, it's really non-material to the EPS as well, just based on a very conserved hedging business. And the rest of it is just offset by a lot of hard work by all the different business units. So we've got recognizing what we had on our hands in 2013 and overall coming through, netting out in terms of revenues here that are right on track with what we said at the very beginning of the year despite some of that devaluation, looking at earnings, which are up about 16% overall for the year as well. So again, we just have to offset it. It's one of the many things that you have to deal with in running the business, and we're happy to deal with our results for the company.
Aart J. de Geus: As a matter of fact, yes, Laker was a very good acquisition, and the combination of Laker and the efforts that we had in CD are quite complementary, and we're still in the process of integrating all of that. But one of the other things that we inherited with Laker, of course, is a very strong presence with a number of customers. And while one goes through the uncertainties of an initial acquisition, I can report that the customers are very positive about what we're doing and have been very stable with us, so we can build on that. In addition, we're finding also that the ability to do code design with the obviously very strong digital offering that we have is growing in opportunity. So I think Laker was a great addition to what we have, and the integration is progressing very well with what is truly also a stellar team in the form of SpringSoft people.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, this is actually quite difficult because very often, people, as they move to the next node, and especially as they move into this one, they're simultaneously dramatically increasing the complexity of their chip. And so what they are trying to get is, for roughly what is the same manufacturing costs because those have tended to be relatively stable for many, many, many years, is a much higher degree of functionality. On top of that, what complicates your question is to what degree are they pushing the envelope on performance and power. And so those people that really want to exceed their competition in that angle will spend more with us, and we're clearly seeing that the first version of any design is a step-up in terms of investment, in terms of time and in terms of utilization of tools. I'm clarifying that it's first version, because there's a lot of wrong beliefs in the industry that every chip is just incredibly more expensive. That's not true. Once you've done the first version of a chip, most of the chips are derivatives, that then are much lower cost. So at the end of the day, the economic equation holds pretty well together, and the reason I can say that is because we can see the number of people accelerating their push towards the sub-20-nanometer FinFET generation to actually continue to increase. And I think that's a very good sign because, as you've heard me say before, I think FinFET has opened up another decade of Moore's Law, and we're well on our way with that.
Aart J. de Geus: I think that, in aggregate, it is not that different from any of the previous nodes. Because as much as the processing is a bit more complex, it does not add an enormous amount of time compared to previous processing steps. And so then it's more a question of what your degree of confidence in the quality of the designs, do you have to do any engineering changes to it and tape it out another time -- another round. And in general, so far the evidence is that we're doing just as well as we did with any of the previous generations, but it is a big investment for specifically the foundries to get all of their data together. One more comment, with these much larger chips, these chips are de facto little supercomputers because they have many processing cores, comes also an increase of the embedded software that goes with it. And so as much as your question is pertinent, I do think that the time-to-market is as much dominated by the readiness of the software as the issues around the hardware.
Aart J. de Geus: Sure. So first and foremost, I think what happens in the semiconductor industry is largely governed by the external economy. And so, in that sense, that industry is not different than any others, except for the fact that new technology has an uncanny way of actually holding strong even in economic tough times. And I shouldn't just maybe call it tough, it's just sort of anemic for, now, a number of years. And so semiconductors are actually quite intense in terms of the investments. The growth rate, it keeps being projected as going up 6 months from now. But in all honesty, that's been now happening for, for a little while, but the investments continue to be very targeted. And so for our industry, the EDA industry, and I would say also some of the technology investments around manufacturing, investments have continued because the opportunity space going forward is extremely attractive as we enter this next round of silicon technology in transistor type. And we, Synopsys, have been fortunate to see this coming for a little while and, therefore, have invested heavily into it. And that's why I think we will continue to deliver a higher growth rate than the semiconductor industry for sure and, in general, have done quite well and certainly, our bookings have been strong again in that direction.
Aart J. de Geus: We have shied away from that because we feel that, in our space, having options around M&A or buybacks is actually the better way to use the cash and that is what we've been doing for the last number of years. We never say no to anything, but at the same time, right now, our priorities are very clear. Our objective is to continue to grow the earnings per share, and we are doing that -- the -- all the mechanisms that we set, which is leadership in technology, invest there, invest in the support of our customers and then also manage the profitability of the company upwards and keep looking at opportunities to acquire technologies if they are ready and if they fit our profile.
Aart J. de Geus: Certainly. Well, first, why is it important? Well, if you look at the Internet today, of course, this has been growing immensely in the last 15, 20 years mostly because of the connectivity first of people to people over the Internet and then major compute centers to other major compute opportunities over that same medium. What is clearly going to happen now is that for many things, and it's actually referred to as the "Internet of things," there will be more and more connectivity provided, which is another way of saying that everyday objects will need some connectivity, will need some smarts [ph] , will need some memory and it will need to be connected via sensors to the physical reality. And so what we have provided is essentially a very, very well-integrated small set of IP blocks that are ready to be connected to sensors and that can be, in turn, integrated into a broader compute environment or communications environment. And thus, we're following our past strategy, which is provide the puzzle pieces that maybe others could build as well, but that can be more efficient -- efficiently acquired or outsourced to us.
Aart J. de Geus: On the integrations, I think things are actually progressing extremely well. We're happy with all the acquisitions that we made. And there's, of course, a lot of work to integrate them, largely because the acquisitions were made with the broader vision in mind. And specifically, if you look at even SpringSoft, the broader vision has been clearly around providing a much more sophisticated verification environment that would not only contain more multiple engines, so our simulator's an engine, but so is EVE, so are some of the FPGA prototyping that we have and so on. And it connects all of those to a common debugger, which is the Verdi debugger. I think that vision is turning out to be right on and has connected very, very well with a number of our most advanced customers. The other part, of course, that was mentioned briefly earlier is that there was also an analog/mixed-signal set of capabilities that came with SpringSoft, and that team has aligned very, very well with the team that we already have in that domain. And maybe the third one to mention, because it was also done last year, is Magma. There are 2 -- in the last 2 quarters, and specifically also this quarter, we saw excellent progress with a number of formerly key customers of Magma to now really align strongly with where we're going in our implementation flow on the new technologies. And so I think those transitions towards a common set of company products, all in all, are progressing very well. And the hard metric, of course, is, is that what's happening with the customers? And the answer is yes. The customers are very much following our vision there.
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, just to be clear, the way I look at it is from a very different perspective, which is we are running the company, first on a yearly basis and secondly, sort of backwards from earnings per share. And so whenever we look at how these different things flow, our key objective is to not execute -- not only execute within the guidance that we've been giving, but hopefully, even better than guidance if the external business picture allows for that. It has done so this year. Obviously, we have one quarter to go. But as you know, we have a pretty good sense of where we can land in a given quarter. And so all of the comments that you've made are all variables that are being tuned as we end the year. And right now, overall, we'll do a substantially better than what we had set at the beginning of the year. And most of our focus right now has to be, therefore, on FY '14 and '15. And that is really where most of our planning work is going. So again, the emphasis is on the earnings per share. All the other variables are important, but they sort of have to fall in line just like the puzzle pieces over an overall picture.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, for starter, if I may change the premise a little bit. We have already, for a number of years, started to look at ourselves as not at all limited by the traditional definition of EDA and much more look at the entire space of chip design. And a good example for the benefit of looking at it that way is clearly what we can see happening both on the side of the IP business growth as well as all the areas that we touched where there's hardware/software and, by the way, also in some of the manufacturing area. And so as much as we often get lumped, of course, within the traditional core EDA space, and we're sort of lacking to find the right terminology how we want to describe ourselves, our business space is actually quite large. And in that context, I think we have a lot of opportunities. Now having said that, I think we have competitors. We never underestimate them, and we can hope that they have good, healthy growth and no need to compete in ways that are not good for the market. But I've very little to say about that. Our objective is to keep growing our bottom line. And so far, I think we're well on track with that.
Aart J. de Geus: It's a great question because it's a difficult question. And it's a difficult question because, on one hand, one needs to have a clear understanding as to where the entire industry is going. And one of the key drivers motivating in that specific speech was to highlight the fact that with absolutely another decade of Moore's Law ahead of us, we will see such tremendous capability changes that is actually hard to predict all the applications, but it's not hard to predict that it will impact many fields very fundamentally. And for an earlier question half an hour ago on the "Internet of things," that's just one aspect of that. But one can also talk about all the aspects of how it will touch the health industry. You mentioned automotive. In maybe somewhat flippant terms, there will be more smarts brought to individual tasks and individual objects in the world. Now that's easy to say, and then how do you make next quarter, and that's called the running of a company like Synopsys. And so the way we translate this is to understand where the long-term trends are. Understands that even if we may understand these very well, they're always very difficult to predict from a timeline point of view, but it is very useful to say, well, any action that we take, how is it helping out existing customers? How can we make it as adjacent as possible, adjacency in technology, adjacency in channel? Adjacency in terms of the customer makeup and thus, expand the serviceable market for us; and a TAM that I think is actually quite broad, depending on how you define it. And so in that context, we do have a number of bets in the water, and we have also a number of them that are seeing strong traction. As you well know, one of those bets was the moving into IP and that is over 10 years ago. And today, it is -- it's an engine that has a lot of growth potential with it. You now see that we are broadening those solutions, adding more hardware and software. And so, it is always a balance between long-term vision and day-to-day execution, and I think we are in a very, very good position because the core of our technology is absolutely exactly where the semiconductor customers need us to be. And they continue to bet on us for all the difficult work.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, we want to refrain to give guidance now for next year. As you know, we do that in the fourth quarter. I think that, fundamentally, our view of the market that we're in has not changed. The core EDA is stabler for us and in the mid-single-digit growth range. The IP is in the double-digit growth range. And on average, as you know, we tend to sort of predict the year as a balance of those 2 things, and I'm refraining to give guidance for '14 right now. That has fundamentally not changed. At any point in time. We have things that go through growth spurts and others that need to be revamped, and that's something different this year, I think, than any other year. I think we're in a -- really a very strong and solid position.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, for us, emulation actually, just like any of the other tools in verification, is no longer viewed as a standalone point tool. We are very much focusing everything we do on a verification solution, and the reason for that is simple. As much as we'll push on every one of our teams to be at the point tools [ph] , state of the art and best in class, the reality is our users use this tools in the context of very complex systemic verifications, where you pass certain portions of the design to one tool, certain portions in another tool. You need more accuracy. You need more speed. You balance these things. And what is great about the EVE acquisition is that it fits very well in the picture that we were building and, augmented by the Verdi debugger, really now complements our offering to be not only very complete but to have state-of-the-art point tools. But our objective is really to integrate those into an overall outstanding solution. We're well on our way, but there's still quite a bit of work to be done there. And so I think that FY '14 will really be the year where we will have a lot of real messaging around verification.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, thank you for attending this session. I hope that the picture that emerges is one of excellent results and a strong confidence based on the technology position that we have. And as usual, we are open to your calls right after this. Have a good rest of the day.
