Aart de Geus: You characterize it right, which is its similar to last quarter. I think if you look at the year, semiconductor is looking a little stronger than last year but the reality is, it's an on and off and the rate of change is very high in the field that we're in, which is a good thing because that means that the technology adoption is raising forward. And we definitely see a number of companies looking at, at the coming years as opportunities for strong new product. So, one hand same old, same old. On the other hand, same old has always meant very rapid progress.
Aart de Geus: Well we have brought release at the time. We are very careful of how to roll it out so that we can support to people that are adopting it very effectively which means that we're controlling quarter-by-quarter how many people we pick up. But definitely the customer interest is not an issue, its well on schedule. And what has been particularly rewarding is that the, there are really hard evidence on all the results is absolutely at least as good as what we have said it would be and so that is very encouraging.
Aart de Geus: Your comment is right. Everybody always claims that they’re gaining share. The reality is things shift very gradually in the field that we're in and for starters, what of course ICC II does, it solidifies strongly on the places that we’re in. But, given the substantial advantages in terms of productivity, this really gives us the opportunity to gain over time. And given that, many of the agreements that we have are multi-years, that is how this will roll out. The adoption is very, very rapid. 
Aart de Geus: Well, for starters, yes, it was a very - a very good increase and actually the most relevant in all of that is actually a different number, which is the very fact that we’re entering the coming year with a very strong coverage, 80% or so. And, but you're right, that's the - Q4 grew the backlog substantially. I hadn't even noticed that’s the duration has slightly changed because it's - from my perspective it’s sort of all in the same ballpark. We don’t really see much change there. So I think, we just had a very strong business result in Q4 that will manifest itself over the coming years. I guess that's called momentum
Aart de Geus: Yeah, we don't disclose the individual share of product. But, you're correct, to say that a lot of emphasis is going into the software dimension. In general terms with a number of three in the emulation market, but in the overall prototyping space I think we are in a strong leadership position, and we see that in some of the other product. And while we open the door of the software, of course verification is heading there but so is the Coverity move. And you can sort of see that as a natural adjacency to that whole space of verification.
Aart de Geus: Yes, and yes, meaning that, I think the progress has been excellent. I think that in general people will say, well you know there have been quite a number of challenges to overcoming yield, which actually is not a surprise at all, this is very sophisticated technology. But the adoption rate and the number of new designs I think is well on track to rival the previous major generations. And so, Synopsys specifically, we are very much on top of this because we’re engaged very early to the tea CAD, the three dimensional modeling as the transitters are literally being invented. And then all the - in between steps of being ready with the tools, we’re there, designs are being done and the majority actually is our tools. And then of course, the IP position is very important as well because for all the advanced chips, you can't design a chip today unless you use major IP box, and those have to be highly tuned for the advance technologies. And Synopsys is absolutely leader in that area as well. So, I would characterize it as moving forward well. I think it will be a number of companies or customers that will hold on at 28 nanometer until they see the other side of the bridge so to speak, that FinFET’s are really stable and then they will move as well but all the advanced guys are already there.
Aart de Geus: That's very difficult to characterize because there’s not much in terms of hard numbers there, but I would say, that in general it feels very stable to me with the exception of the Far East where the headcount is still substantially growing. And one can also see that a little bit watching how customers battle for key employees and how some of the salaries are moving up. So, fundamentally I think it's a positive message, there is some geographies as you would expect, such as Japan and Europe, that are lagging, I think the U.S. is in very stable, maybe even strong position and the Far East is going.
Aart de Geus: Well, for us that is not a surprise at all because we have been very active since literally the middle 90s and strange to say, but that's almost 20 years ago now. And in the process, we’ve seen a tremendous evolution in terms of the gradual competence to now superb competence in semiconductor design and system design. And in the last few years one can literally see how the adoption of the most advanced silicon technologies has progressed more rapidly in China than other places. It is all not a surprise, this is obviously a country that is rapidly becoming one of these very large economies, and modern economies are big users and developers of advanced technology. Electronics is absolutely at the vortex of all of that.
Aart de Geus: Well, yes and no. It does reflected because obviously this has been an enormous amount of work to get this machine to this state and get it ready for release, and that is under Synopsys, leadership of course. The no part is that we have another much larger project which is the integration and the verification continuum. Given that, this is an extremely fast machine but it's compilation times, not as competitive as we want them to be. And so part of the integration we are working on improving that substantially. And in FY2015, you will definitely hear about progress.
Aart de Geus: We're shipping today, and the notion of subsystem is interesting because we have them in audio and in the sensor part. Subsystems are not just couple of building blocks but there also many, many rules that you have to follow in order to connect these building blocks correctly, the embedded software, some of the verification capabilities. And so what we’re aiming at here is to really optimize the entire process of integrating these blocks into much larger SOC systems on the chip. And I think the desire from customers is quite high to get help from us in that. As much as I am the lover of calling all these building blocks, Lego blocks because it conveys exactly how you can assemble things. The reality is little bit more complex than Lego blocks to connect and so the more we can automate that better.
Aart de Geus: Not necessarily. I think the very large chips that are being built today are all available on the premise of substantial amount of IP reuse and the IP can come from - can be at many different level, very low levels such as gates and memories but highly sophisticated level such as entire memory subsystems for example. And I think in the situation of Internet-of-Things, yes there will be certain subsystems that will be of particularly high interest. This is still a very early field in terms of scoping what will be all the possibilities, what is in no doubt though is that it will be a massive number of things that are interconnected. And those things will gradually need more and more smarts and our objective is to be part of providing those embedded mark.
Aart de Geus: Well, really to answer this question, well one should go back already multiple years because it is multiple years ago that the system companies or at least some of them decided to invest more in their own semiconductor based design for a couple of reasons. One, because they really wanted to drive performance and power down more than what their suppliers are offering them. And two, because they wanted to be much more on top of optimizing the overall system and negotiating directly with the manufacturers given the high quantities they were after. And so for us we have now for quite a while over 40% of our business from so called system companies. And just to clarify, there are system companies that do system design, there are system companies that do system design and semiconductor design, and there are some companies that do those two and manufacturing. And so sometimes the terminology is little bit confused but at the end of the day the most important customers are the ones that do the most sophisticated and the largest volume business and that has not changed for us in a number of years but it has evolved over the last decade.
Aart de Geus: Well, I think you heard Brian say earlier that certainly in Q4 we had a number of renewals with good growth and as a matter of fact the run rate for the company is up. Again, and that is how successful products mostly manifest themselves because for all the large customers they have of course many products and when there is a product that’s particularly attractive such as IC Compiler 2, they want to quickly have the opportunity to add that to their contract to upgrade and invariably that’s an opportunity to reup the contract for the next three years and the run rates go up. So, so far only positive impact and I expect that to continue because the adoption rate is as said very high and for the people that have now not only taped out but gotten silicon back, they have been remarkably positive on the impact it had on their time to market. And so at the limit that’s converting technology advances into true value for the customer.
Aart de Geus: In the verification area. Well, the verification area is one under very rapid evolution because the stall word tool, is simulation, has been simulation, and will remain simulation for a long period of time. And the reason for that is because if you don’t verify the fundamental larger behavior of chips, all the other sort of Moot point. At the same time there's no question that if one can accelerate simulation, the emulation techniques or FPGaxe techniques that is highly desirable, and that is especially desirable as the software content increases because not a surprise more and more companies are discovering that the software is actually less reliable as a design process than the hardware which has been incredibly automated. And so from our perspective this is all good news because we have invested in a continuum that moves from the hardware stimulation to the software verification and as you know on top of that we are now also investing in the whole process of how to develop code in the first place that is higher quality and also more imperious to security issues. So in many way this is sort of a Morphing of our own value proposition from absolutely a set of state-of-the-art advanced tools to now the next generation platform and I think much of the positive revenues we get from customers is on the basis of that change and its absolutely driven by the people that are at the most advance edges of technology.
Aart de Geus: Yes. Let me first remind people what verification compiler is, it is a product that contains many of the what we now call sub-products but it has for example the software simulator and the debugger and the IP and some of the more advanced static checkers. And so that product itself has actually seen good momentum and we have seen a number of sales on that basis already. To be honest, I don’t know where the pipeline is right now. My focus has been very much on the overall continuum that sees a lot of momentum but verification compiler is very good solution for people that use all of these tools together.
Aart de Geus: Well mostly it is due to lower growth rate in IP because a lot of its business was either pushed out or had deliverables that sell into 2015. And you may recall that during the year we commented on that saying that our own assessment was that the IP business was growing at low double digits on a multi year basis and all the evidence based on what we know today about FY15 supports that to far. So definitely in 2015 you will see a much higher components due to the IP growth.
Aart de Geus: That is the ballpark that we are aiming at. Of course this is all complicated a little bit by this notion of haircuts. But in general that is the objective that we’re shooting for and that is the premise against which we are predicting that that present business would be over $100 million in 2016 and profitable.
Aart de Geus: Well, that is always a valid question. We prioritize the utilization of our cash in terms of M&A, making sure that when we have debt obligations, we live up to those and then of course, buyback. Just like you are suggesting, one of the things to not forget is that the balance of the cash between domestic and international is fairly massively. So, that tends to bring a bit of a practical limiter unless one uses other mechanisms. But you may have heard that, Brian, suggested that this year we want to pay much higher degree of attention on keeping the share count flat. And so we will certainly do a buyback.
Aart de Geus: We are at the heart of the heart of high-tech of the world, and so R&D expenses will stay a key component to be successful to bring this about. At the same time, we reiterated that our objective is to continue to move towards a solid mid-20s operating margin. And I think, Brian gave you the initial guidance for where we would land in 2015. So that general direction has not changed. Obviously it’s a function of how competitive do you want to be in the different areas. And also what opportunities do we see in some of the new areas, specifically IP which has a relatively fast turn around on investments turning to revenue, and then still very open ended and promising area of software verification. And we certainly have good ambitions.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, almost perfect timing here. Thank you so much for attending this earnings release. Thank you also for all your support during FY14. We don’t spend much time looking back or looking forward, and as we look forward we see a company that has three main businesses that we will continue to optimize totally for. And we’re entering 2015 with a good degree of momentum. We look forward to speak to you after this call for some of the analysts and otherwise at the next earnings release. Thank you so much.
Brian Beattie: Rich, I think - just adding to that, it’s just again reflective of a strong year with good level of business coming in, a very strong fourth quarter. And we just saw good renewals, good momentum on that and then it set us up nicely for 2015. Some of the acquisition work we did had a smaller impact but was also a contributor to that growth about $400 million on the three year backlog space.
Brian Beattie: It is, Rich. If we you can think back at the beginning of 2014, we thought our CapEx profile would be about $135 million, and it came in just over $100 million. So again, as we try to optimize the actual cash disbursements to as late as we can allowed us to come in just over the $100 million mark. And then looking ahead to next year some of that related to our new leased facility, we’ll just extend into 2015. So, the rest is normal. It’s really only related to IT, related to giving us state-of-the-art capability and computing and networking, and then still some of the build that related to finishing off our new facility and also relative to some of the new acquisitions that we've completed so the rest of it is all related to facility side. I had forecast ahead that 16 of that number would come down at this point because our major leased new facility in Silicon Valley will be completed by then.
Brian Beattie: Yeah, I think, just for that facility, it's going to come down on $10s of millions just on that facility itself but what we’re calling our 690 middlefield set up. 
Brian Beattie: No. I would highlight if we want to compare it to this time a year ago, we indicated we had more than 75% of the year's revenues in hand for 2014. And this year we're back to 80% level of the coverage, and again, we base guidance based on what we have in hand and how we can actually convert that through. So, it's a more traditional profile than what we had just in 2014. And again the high levels of confidence obviously in delivering that much. And so you can look at $3.5 billion backlog, you know that relative to our revenue guidance that we just provided, we have 80% of that in hand, that's the amount that comes out of that year-end $3.5 billion backlog.
Brian Beattie: Yeah, again, we look - the number one thing we look at very specific collection profiles by customers just as you mentioned we have 80% of the year, we also have a significant amount of collections scheduled with a very high probabilities of collecting that. The additional amount comes from new bookings which again we tie in very closely with our sales team on the projected profile of that, and then of course disbursements are something we control. So, every year we look at specific forecast based on that and that produces our approximately $450 million, and in the long run our operating cash flow really tracks extremely close to our EBITDA line. And when you look at where we ended up in 2014, was significantly over what we had forecast again our trading line with that EBITDA and the fact we did nicely and overachieved on the timing of those renewals and good cash management and good disbursed management.
Brian Beattie: Yeah, again when we factor all of this into our guidance range, and we did see an impact - slight impact in terms of revenue in 2014, but again based on our really solid hedging program and the fact we do of course have expenses in Japan too, it had really a non-material impact on the total year. As I look ahead to 2015, I see about 1% headwind on the Yen, just checking this morning, we’re almost at 1.20 and it continues to weaken of course in Japan with a lot of forecast going forward. We’re very fortunate that we’ve hedged about 60% of our revenues at a rate of about 102 for next year, and so we feel again comfortable we’ve got it but you’re only able to really hedge about 60% of revenue. So, all-in-all it's our typical management program, that’s how we manage and it give us really, really good predictability. And if you did look at our Japanese performance on the year-over-year basis, all of that dealt is just due to the Yen itself. So, I think again the company is performing nicely in Japan but unfortunately we do all we can to offset that impact of the Yen and we're well setup for 2015, on that.
Brian Beattie: Yeah, we do on - remember, just our only currency we hedge for revenues is the Yen, everything else is U.S. dollar based and with our spending profile in Europe with declining Euro, we also hedge basically everything a year in advance, one quarter at a time, it’s a revolving hedging program that we constantly have in place. It's not that we can predict better but we can give better visibility and know what the actual result we’re going to get solidly locked in for a year in advance.
Brian Beattie: Yeah, the GAAP tax - the GAAP earnings per share forecast for 2015 is lower, all really related to taxation, and when we look at how we optimize for our global transfer pricing, we look at a number of acquisitions that we put in place so we make sure that our IP is allocated to those right locations. So, GAAP basis, we will see some higher taxes related to those acquisitions. On a non-GAAP basis we’re forecasting a rate of about 22% for the full year which is right back to kind of the normal standards for us.
Brian Beattie: Remember, it's $15 million in 2015. So we have to take that into account. That’s built in our guidance, and then by 2016, there’s just a little bit left.
Brian Beattie: And Monika, just to clarify the numbers, we were significant buyback in 2014, to keep the share count very close to the 2013 levels, and then again committing for 2015 to hold it there. So you’d see through 2013, 2014, and 2015, roughly a fair share count through all three years. So, again it’s putting our money to work, doing the appropriate level of buyback while as I mentioned leaving enough for strategic M&A opportunities in front of us.
