Brian M. Beattie: That's in fact how we do measure the revenue run rate, and so we're looking at the bookings and compare that to the beginning of the year, looking at revenue that we'd be expecting to get in the deals as we go forward.
Brian M. Beattie: And to your question on deferred revenues, Rich, just recall that increases in deferred revenue happen only when we're able to invoice the customers.
Brian M. Beattie: What we do is look at the total weighted average renewal lengths that we've been able to close in the quarter. And the impact, as we said, for Q2 was that it became greater than 4 years, and then the impact, as we look at bookings perspectives for all of FY '13, will be just over 3 years as well.
Brian M. Beattie: You're right on it. They're typically higher in the third quarter. That's what we've seen every year and still expect then, we have a second half which is stronger than the first half. And with the confidence we had and the business activity, we had increased confidence in cash flow, primarily around collections. And so that is looking better for this year and allowed us to raise guidance.
Brian M. Beattie: I think let's just align on the question. It's really a perspective for foreign exchange, is that we typically hedge off all the expenses as we operate around the world. But in this past 6 months or so, we have seen a notable devaluation in the yen. It affects the revenues, most of the revenues out of Japan, not all of them. And as we look for the year, we've been able to offset that impact. We have not had a material impact to any of the key line items, in particular, in terms of earnings per share, and just been able to offset that with good operational performance. We've been able to hold our revenues for the year. And just good hedging, the natural hedging, and managed it to have a very minimal impact to the year and even allowed us to raise guidance. So this year has been very good from a yen perspective. We typically don't have any fluctuations to the budgets we set for the year because of all these programs that I just went through. And at the end of the day, with Japan and the economy is expected to pick up as a result of this devaluation in the long run, we think that's good for our customers as well.
Brian M. Beattie: Well, Tom, it's all of the above. It's really that our revenues are up very nicely this year. We're looking at revenue growth in the range of 11% to 12%. Spending is not growing as fast as that, and we are seeing good improvements across the board in the operating margins of the company. At the same time, we've got to retain dollars to invest in leading-edge technologies. So again, still on track for the commitment for the year to see approximately 100-basis-points improvement in the margins.
Brian M. Beattie: So there's still, in a number of the product lines, still some of the integration activities underway, getting best-in-class performance features out of all of the various products and bringing those to market as quickly as we can. So again, there could be some opportunities there. But again, overall, the company does need to stay invested in leading-edge technologies and continue to drive EPS at the same time.
Brian M. Beattie: Really not very material at all. As you saw from an impact through the yen on the revenues because of our hedging and the other activities and overachieving, as well as other income and expense, where we are able to recognize some of the non-hedge accounting impacts to the company. So bottom line to the company was really minimal, nothing almost.
Brian M. Beattie: Absolutely, yes, that's factored in. We -- that came through in our first quarter. There was about $0.04 impact related to FY '12 as a retro catch-up that we had in Q1. And then, we had forecast an additional $0.05 to come through in earnings per share for the balance of FY '13 which, again, we're just building on. So we saw the $0.09 increase in Q1, primarily coming from tax, and then we're adding on another $0.02 improvement in EPS coming from operational improvements this quarter.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, at 25% to 26%. Because when you look at, I said 23%, it's a roughly 3 percentage points change. So 25% to 26% is a good, long-term planning model for us.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes. Let's go through a couple of your points here. One is that APAC did have a very strong quarter and, when we look at trailing 12 months, is doing very, very well as well, so a very strong region for the company. In terms of the mix of products, of course, it fluctuates from quarter-to-quarter. When we look at -- now that, of course, we have an increased hardware business, we have more business coming in the areas of percentage completion or milestone-based accounting for our revenues. And also, that we see from time to time, royalty is coming through in a quarter-to-quarter basis. So there will be some natural fluctuations from quarter-to-quarter. And I don't link it specifically to the region but, overall, for the company. But APAC is very strong for us, and looking at very strong year-over-year growth.
Aart J. de Geus: Okay. In general, that business is strong and we have continued our push to improve its profitability, at the same time balancing it, I think, well, with the amount of continued investment in creating the products available for next year. The good news is on the FinFET side, we have actually invested already quite a while ago. And so I think we're going to start to see the benefits of that, as the early investments will start to turn now into growing revenue from that. So I actually see it as a very positive outlook for that business.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, as you know, in general, we are very shy to comment about anything regarding a specific customer, and that includes Intel. Needless to say, this is an important customer for us and a significant agreement. Let me not break it out further, given that we really don't want to comment about the specifics of the transaction.
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, we have not changed our outlook. We think that this is a part of our business that is growing in double-digit range. We foresee it to continue to be there. And of course, at any point in time, we're dealing with a variety of competitors. And I think that is more an indication that it's a healthy business than anything else.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, let me go backwards. We actually do not break out the margins of any of the individual businesses, partially because there are some fluctuations as we decide to invest or not. The key objective, of course, is to manage the overall profitability of the company to be in line with our even higher-level objective, which is to grow the earnings per share in high-single-digit range. And so all of this fits together nicely in that regard. As we look at EVE particularly, we are now in the very interesting phase of integrating it, while we simultaneously are integrating the debugging capability acquired from SpringSoft. And so our aim and objective is really to now take what is a fabulous collection of really best-in-class technologies and deliver a well-thought-out integrated platform. And EVE absolutely is a key piece in that. And so far, I think that's going very, very well.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I don't want to be not humble and say, "Well, it is hindsight. We have it sort of under control." But the reality is I think it is both, meaning that these are new structures that are simultaneously being introduced with much, much smaller nodes. So that's sort of squaring the complexity of the problem and simultaneously achieving much higher density of transistors, which brings a lot of challenges for the tools. The only reason that I speak with, I think, a fairly high degree of confidence is we have already helped customers tape out chips that are on the market today with this technology. And in that sense, the proof of concept is beyond concept, that is absolutely in production. Now having said that, there's no question that there are multiple players that are all racing forward to deliver their own version of this technology, and that requires adjusting to their specific technologies, adjusting to how they would like to see the designs come together. And we are extremely engaged in -- with all of them, which, from my perspective, is a really, really positive sign because I think that FinFET is one of the enablers for truly a next generation, meaning a decade or so, of advanced design. And I think this is moving at super high speed.
Aart J. de Geus: I think, let's not go too much into trying to reverse engineer all the numbers. Fundamentally, our business has not changed. And in aggregate, we have always said that the balance of transactions that we do is in the 3-year range. In the last few quarters, it was a bit lower. Before that, it was a little higher. But fundamentally, there's nothing that would indicate to me that our business is changing. Everything else, I think, we're not going to go into further, if you don't mind. Thank you.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, we are definitely seeing the number of designs growing in the 20-, 22-nanometer node. I concur with the general feel of somewhat of a transition from 28 to 14, 16. And the reason that's a little bit of a misnomer is because the transition to FinFET is actually the important driver, not necessarily the node size, although the 2, of course, interact. And the reason the transition to the FinFET is so enticing is that it really changes the performance power nature of the transistor, and that has been one of the increasing or the difficult bottlenecks in semiconductors. And so, that being the opener to a next volley, so to speak, the race is obviously on. But it is also fair to say that a number of customers will land, at least temporarily, on the 22 -- 20-, 22-nanometer just because they want to pipe-clean their design flow, they want to sort of minimize the risk in the transitions, and that makes a lot of sense. But we definitely see both behaviors.
Aart J. de Geus: Oh, absolutely, although they're not completely linked. And there's a key reason for that, which is that the largest portion of the industry that has -- that sees the biggest benefit in changing the performance power segment is clearly the mobile side of the industry. Now the power equation is starting to impact the cloud side as well, because these very large centers of servers are heavily eating up too much power. But that's going to be a little slower. So mobility is driving this, and mobility is just incredibly hunger for -- hungry for even more performance. We're essentially limited by battery power. And since most of the computational energy goes into the core processors, that is where the emphasis on FinFET is going to be first. Now memories are following their own track of technology development, but they have the very same need of being very, in this case, being very, very price sensitive. And so we are going to see more and more push there, as well, in parallel to the processors. By the way, when I say processors, I should clarify that I mean not just the apps processors, but any other form as well. The graphics processors are key, the DSP processors as well.
Aart J. de Geus: Yes. In many ways, largely because I think battery improvements, and don't quote me on the number, but I think is maybe in the 10% to 15% per year, which is woefully insufficient versus what we wish our phone could do. And therefore, I think any advances in semiconductors are going to be of very high value. And by the way, I think this is going to continue in years to come because the demand for more compute power will, if nothing else accelerate with the type of applications that are possible. Therefore, over time, I certainly have hopes that we will see some more migration of capital and money flow into the semiconductor industry, precisely because there's such a high leverage on being able to improve the performance power ratio of a number of these chips.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, if nothing else, Jay, you're keeping very good notes. But unfortunately, I'm not going to add much to the notes because we don't comment about the business relationship with -- we have with our customers. Intel is obviously, visibly so, an important technology driver and has been a very good partner to us, and all I can say is that, that relationship continues on that basis.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, the number I mentioned was 1,700. And I'm not quite sure how to answer the question because these are engineers that are essentially developing IP for customers. Some of the IP is very generic. Some of the IP gets tuned specifically for the customers' technology. And whenever an IP is not fully synthesizable, you have to do that in order to take advantage of the specific nature of their silicon node. And the node is not only single node, it often has different characteristics being optimized for performance or low power, for example. And so the breadth of the type of these engagements is quite broad, but the number I mentioned is all really fundamentally in the development and delivery of IP to the customer.
Aart J. de Geus: Just for the record, I did not mention any specific win in Japan. But on the general topic of Japan, it is very clear that over the last -- no, actually, more than a decade, but visibly so in the last half decade or so, that the Japan economy and the semiconductor industry, in particular, have been under enormous pressure, while we, as a company, are doing quite well. I'd like to link to one of the things that Brian said earlier, which is this very change in the valuation of the yen is viewed in Japan as at least the beginning of a ray of hope that they become more competitive on a worldwide basis. And with that, the opportunity for their business to sort of restart themselves beyond the somewhat stale situation that the industry has been in. Now having said that, there are a number of companies that have taken very aggressive steps in consolidating or in streamlining their businesses. And like any other part of the world, these changes are difficult to do. They take some time. But after a while, they -- the positive impact starts to show. So we certainly hope that the industry in Japan, in semiconductors, will grow again and potentially also refocus on some of the newer opportunity spaces. And the indications are a little bit better than they were, actually, just 6 months ago. But having said that, these are macroeconomic events that are certainly far beyond our control as a company.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, of course, this is DAC season. And you will see a wave of announcements of products that are all better than what was ever built before, and the reality will sink in over time. So no, I don't think that there's anything more to be said right now. We will have to see what the reality is. And obviously, we have a strong competitor in Cadence, and we will compete equally strongly back.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think, I mentioned the term design wins when summarizing how far our USB franchise and delivery had gone. Because it's quite astounding how the IP business for us has evolved over a number of years. And sometimes, we work so hard that we don't realize how many designs have actually utilized our IP. And in that context, I think the 3,000th design win of USB was actually, I think, quite remarkable. Having said that, the other aspect where there were design wins comes in is literally every day, meaning that no matter how good a company we hope we are, we have to prove every day again that we're worthy of the responsibility of being on the top chips for tomorrow. And therefore, we do have a very active engagement in the field through our technical support team. And the good news is, I think we are really massively involved in all the new advanced chips. And in that context, every day, there's, somewhere in the world, some good news of being selected again to continue that journey. But it's also the responsibility and the fun challenge to actually have to deliver on chips that are driving the boundaries of what we can do. And so in that context, I think the FinFET efforts, be it through the tools that are very much on top of it, I think already, the IP that is in very rapid development and now, increasingly, the technical skills in our field to support our customers, these are all very positive indicators for the future that we have with the people driving the most important design wins.
Aart J. de Geus: Good question. It's actually very much across the board, because it starts with really the design of both the technology, which, by the way, is moving to a very, very small node, 14-, 16-nanometer. And with that, there's a lot of lithography type of issues, but there's also lithography creeping into the place en route by virtue of what's called double-patterning. Secondly, the entire layout space is highly impacted, because the nature of the transistor will change the timing and power calculations. But the layout is also influenced greatly by all the rules that you have to follow to place these things on the chip just right. And when I say rules, we're talking essentially a doubling of rules of 2,000 to 4,000 rules that you have to follow. And then, indirectly, it really impacts, or it will impact, I should say, going forward the entire verification space. Because all the way down to the SPICE level, simulation of the transistor, all the way up to the sheer number of transistors, and therefore, complexity of chip verification from a functional point of view. So it is quite remarkable the breadth of it, but it's also quite rewarding because that is the very, very reason that we can see how much impact this will have on design and on electronics going forward. Then summarizing all of that, it also impacts every one of the building blocks. And again, you can look at the transistor as being literally the smallest atomic building block, all the way to the large pieces of IP that have to be tuned for these technologies. And as I mentioned in the context of an earlier question, we have been working on IP developments, be it in memories or libraries or building blocks, now already for quite a while. And in that sense, I think we are very much in sync with the foundries as they roll out their production-ready solutions.
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, let me give you a little bit of sense. For the 28 -- 28-, 32-nanometer node, we actually have stopped tracking. And what that means is we count the early chips up until 500. After that, it becomes completely untrackable. And so that node, I think, will continue to be a big node in the sense that a lot of designs will aggregate there. On the 20-, 22-nanometer, we have, I think, about 100 designs and growing on the radar scope. And then we do not communicate the 14-, 16-nanometer, partially because there's too much confidential information in that. But I can only tell you that there are some very hard-driving folks engaged in both test chips and production chips there.
Aart J. de Geus: To be honest, the -- acoustically, it was a little hard to understand. So let me try to formulate the question and see if I answer the right one, which is, as the foundry landscape is changing and a number of the foundries are -- and a number of their users are trying to use multiple foundries, what all do you have to support? Because in that context, the number of nodes sort of multiplies in the dark, so to speak, meaning that, not only do you have these smaller and smaller nodes, but you have variations on each one of those for performance, power and maybe cost. And so it is certainly true that this puts a fairly heavy burden on us, but also on the foundries, to have the complete ecosystem ready. And the good news on our side is that we have designed our tools to be extremely flexible for a variety of parameters. And therein lies actually one of the differentiating essences of what Synopsys has built, literally for the last 20 years, all the way starting to synthesis and through the physical implementation, which is we can read in the characteristics of different technology nodes and their variations, and then optimize the circuit based on that. And so if a certain node, let's say, may have some better capabilities in low power, we will take advantage of that automatically in the tools. Now having said that, the one area where the -- that is sometimes challenged is as you develop IP, that has to be individually optimized, in some cases, almost manually for best results because it's going to get reused so much. Now we need to have working contract with the customers so that we can invest the resources to do that, deliver it on time. And they have a strong interest that their IP looks really good because that will attract their customers to go to them. And so there's an economic relationship there that has to jive. And moreover, there's a temporal relationship because they want to have their technology ready at the same time as the tools being ready at the same time as the IP being ready and at the same time as the support being ready. And of course, you are talking about things that are really state-of-the-art. And so predicting the right arrival time is not always trivial. But we're working closely with, as I said, all of the top foundries on that. And again, I think it's both a privilege and an opportunity to be at the center of gravity of this whole next wave of capability.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, at this point in time, thank you for attending the call. I think we communicated to you that we had really an excellent quarter and, moreover, are making really great progress in many of the technology directions that, I believe, will profoundly impact semiconductors in the years to come. And so, from that perspective, as much as the pressure is on us to continue to deliver, the privilege is here to be part of that, right? And we're looking forward at finishing our year well within the targets that we've given you. Thank you so much, and we'll be available for questions afterwards as usual.
