Aart de Geus: No, I don’t think you can read anything in the specific number for the quarter because these tend to fluctuate. I’ve always been saying, hey, you have to look at the longer period of time, and there you would see that Asia-Pac of course has been doing well, which is not a surprise given the sharp evolution of the economies that are involved there, and I expect that to gradually continue over the coming years.Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Okay, thank you.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Fundamentally, we see that there are very few implications because what you’re describing, we have already seen for the last quarter as we talked to semiconductor executives because they knew that they were replenishing inventory, they knew that the first half was probably going to look pretty solid and probably the second half ultimately – the market needed to find a natural balance. For EDA, we are a relatively stable industry, and for Synopsys specifically, I think we are in a very good shape, because if there is one thing that the semiconductor execs will continue to do is they will stay careful on their expenses. And therefore there is going to be a continued attention to how productive can they be with their tools, and that has certainly been the core tenant of our main strategy for a while and thus I think we can help them to be successful.Ryan Goodman – Bank of America: Okay, great. Thank you.
Aart de Geus: How many ways can I say yes? It is absolutely that we are rolling out more technology, the utilization is up. And fundamentally, we have the benefit of a number of customers that are gradually migrating towards us. And so it’s fundamentally [ph] yes to your question.
Aart de Geus: Sure. I apologize. I didn’t mean to be flip at all. Let me take it in layers. The first layer is, with the exception of last year seeing a few companies disappear, where a number of certainly of the top engineers got rehired. I’m sure there are some people that are unemployed. But in general, I would say in the engineering ranks with chip design, we have not seen massive lay-offs. We see people really trying to tune their companies and reduce their out-of-pocket expenses. But they all know very well that the engineering resources are very precious. So, no major change there. Secondly, we do see that a number of engineers are using more copies of given software per engineer, and this is especially true in areas such as the application where, be it simulation of some of the other tools, the more you do, the better the product gets. Third, we do see that people are still moving forward towards the more advanced node and the more advanced nodes do have a number of capability requirements that do stress the extremes of the tools. And so people will try to buy the best possible tool they can get, and we are often in that class. So all of these have moved together, and I cannot say that I see a sharp downturn economically in terms of engineering utilization or engineering period at this point in time for the last 15 months. And similarly, I don’t think that there is going to be a sharp upturn because people will remain focused on cost, but that is actually not bad for Synopsys as we are very much focused on their productivity per engineer.
Aart de Geus: Well, I’ll be careful to talk about logo profitability given that every customer would like to know about everybody else how well they are doing, and it’s non-stop looking at ways to improve their own outlook. What I was probably alluding to although I must confess I don’t quite recall what I said at that time, is that we are in a face of the industry where efficiency, productivity, profitability actually really matters. And therefore many customers are focusing on how can they become more effective in the task that they are doing potentially at lower cost, potentially with fewer people in order to be able to invest more in those areas where they can differentiate more. And in that sense, we ourselves follow the same line of thinking, which is how can we execute as well as possible all the things that we have done so far while investing and growing the total available market around us. And so we have to live up in many ways to the same profitability improvement objectives internally as our customers do, and I think we’re pretty much in line with that thinking. Regarding duration, fundamentally we’ve said for long time we are very steady around the three years that can go up 3.2, 3.3. It can go down to 2.6, 2.7, 2.8. It varies from one quarter to another. But in essence, our business model is remarkably stable. And so far so good with that. I have no indication of change whatsoever.
Aart de Geus: Well, the first year in acquisitions like this, they are all with financial haircut. There is a partial year and so on. And I think we made very clear statements that for this year it’s fairly immaterial. Obviously, we do this with the whole purpose to grow our business. And so yes, it will have an impact on next year and moreover we think that our system strategy will have even more momentum than it’s already starting to see.K.C. Rajkumar – RBC Capital Markets: And I guess looking to consolidate the various assets that you guys have acquired in systems into one continuous product so that it can better leverage or serve them and (inaudible).
Aart de Geus: The answer in general terms is yes. And we’ve seen that already with IP. These are new areas. They are today at least in the markets that we play in much smaller than what we do in Core EDA or adjacencies to that. But the problems that it’s quite substantial. And so yes, we do think that there will be more growth there and that is precisely the reason why we are investing there.K.C. Rajkumar – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Aart de Geus: In that case, thank you very much for spending time with us. We are looking back on a strong Q1 and we are looking forward actually to a year that’s shaping up in very interesting terms for us. And as usual, Brian and I will be available for any questions or comments that you have afterwards. Have a good rest of the afternoon.
Brian Beattie: You’re right. It was all the areas other than commission. They basically came in per the plan, but it was really under-spending of some of our legal costs, some of the other G&A-type expenses that we had for the quarter. Hiring across the board, really just a start out of the first quarter, we had a one week shutdown, for example, which helped take down our expenses in the quarter as well. And again, that is back to business as usual in the second quarter. So just shifting out those expenses through Q2 through Q4.
Brian Beattie: Yes. I’d characterize, again, a reduction that was nice, about $80 million in the prior year. This year it came in about $40 million as an outflow still and primarily related to lower expenses that we saw in the fourth quarter. The actual payments in terms of variable compensation are down year-over-year. And I think that is what contributed to the performance, plus again it’s very susceptible to cash collections from particular customers or cash outflows. And I think that kind of characterizes mostly related to still some lower expenses under variable compensation in 2009.
Brian Beattie: I’ll maybe take the second question first, Jay, in a way looking at the acquisition. In our guidance, we have included the VaST acquisition since it has closed. And CoWare, as you know, is subject to the normal government reviews and so it will be factored into our guidance going forward. Nonetheless we indicated that they would not be material to the FY ’10 revenues or to the earnings impact. And with every deal, we look at the expense state to identify the synergies. We look at the key skills that are required to deliver what we build as our business case. And obviously, that’s the way we’ve done it. And we’ve done, I’d say, as I said, five acquisitions in the last six quarters, with one more pending. And so we’ve gotten very good at the integration process and the flow through there, and still are targeting on the same level of operating margins we have while we expand into additional segments to expand our TAM. If I look at the overall cash flow for the year, I think it’s very consistent on a year-over-year basis. This year, the guidance of $200 million to $220 million compares to $37 million. It matches up with some of the slight reductions we’re seeing on the earnings level. Most of those earnings, as you know, relate really to the non-operational items that we saw coming into the year. The other income and expense, some of the foreign exchange impacts, a slightly higher tax rate, as we shifted from ’09 to ’10, and it’s very consistent with that net income shift. The rest related to working capital is very consistent. Industry leading DSOs in the 30s and our collections are looking very, very well, even stronger than what we saw in ’09 as we now exited through the recession and our customer environment. So again, very confident, and $200 million to $220 million for FY ’09 operating cash flow.
