Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. We delivered strong start to the year, meeting or exceeding our guidance targets for the quarter, and we are on pace for our four year plan. We remained relentlessly focused on execution, generating revenue for the quarter at the high end of our target range and non-GAAP earnings per share well above the range. We produced another quarter strong collections, which contribute to a positive cash flow in a quarter that is typically an outflow due to variable compensation payouts, and we launched a $100 million share repurchase. Our increasingly diverse customer base our strong product portfolio combined with our nearly 90% recurring revenue model position us for success in peers of high demand as well as those of great uncertainty. Multiple factors including the entity list, export restrictions and broader trade tensions as well as the coronavirus situation have added to market volatility. Based on our current view and the strength of our business, we are confident in our abilities to manage through this uncertainty and we are reiterating our guidance for the year. I'll now review our first quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $834 million. Semiconductor & System Design segment revenue was $749 million, with strong growth in IP and a tough hardware comparison over the strong Q1 of last year. Excluding hardware and the impact of entity list, trade restrictions, EDA software results remain within our long-term target range of mid-to-high single digits. Software Integrity segment revenue was $86 million, 10% of total, and business levels for the quarter increased more than 30%. Because of our largely time-based model, the associated revenue would be recognized over the life of the contracts. Moving on to expenses. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $747 million, which includes approximately 9 million in restructuring costs. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were 647 million resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 22.4%. Our Q1 margin reflects revenue profile this year as well as the change in the timing of general salary increases now in Q1. We're on track to generate approximately 200 basis points of up margin expansion for the year. Adjusted operating margin for Semiconductor & System Design was 23.9% a softer integrity was 9.4%. Finally, GAAP earnings per share were $0.67 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.01. Turning to cash, we generated a 10 million in operating cash flow. Including this $100 million Q1 ASR, we've repurchased 1.9 billion of our stock since 2015 or approximately 80% of our free cash flow returned to shareholders over that period. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of 700 million at total debt of 331 million. A couple of comments before I move on to our targets, as I've noted, we delivered a strong start to the year and we are reiterating our full year guidance. We are maintaining our first half, second half revenue split of roughly 45%, 55%, which reflects forecast the timing of IP and hardware deliveries as well as general prudence given the uncertainty around the unfolding coronavirus situation. For fiscal 2020, we are targeting revenue of 3.6 billion to 3.6 5 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses between 2.95 billion and 3 billion. Total non GAAP costs and expenses between 2.63 billion and 2.66 billion, resulting in a non GAAP operating margin of approximately 27%. GAAP earnings of $3.68 to $3.87 per share. Non-GAAP earnings of $5.18 to $5.25 per share. Cash growth from operations of 800 million to 825 million and capital expenditures of approximately 180 million, we expect capital expenditures to decline in 2021. Now to the targets for the second quarter, revenue between 820 million and 850 million, total GAAP cost and expenses between 724 million and 758 million total, the non GAAP cost and expenses between 645 million and 665 million, GAAP earnings of $0.49 to $0.62 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $0.96 to $1.01 per share. In conclusion, our focused execution enabled us to again deliver strong results, meeting or exceeding our targets. With a very good start in Q1, we're reaffirming the full year guidance provided in December. We are also tracking well to our goals of high twenties operating margin by 2021 and profitability at 30% range longer term, as we move towards our next milestone of $4 billion in revenue. We remain committed to balance capital allocation strategy consisting of investing in the business for gross while continuing to return capital shareholders, as we focus on driving sustainable long-term shareholder value. And with that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Trac Pham: Rich, Just keep in mind that in December, we also highlighted that the -- in December, we highlighted long-term growth for this business and for multi-year period is 15% to 20%. And we are committed to that and we should be able to grow at least with the market or faster.
Trac Pham: I'd also reiterate that as part of our plan, we did contemplate the hiring -- additional highs in that business. We'll continue to invest that business as it scales; and as we said in December, which we're still on track for us maintaining margins relatively flat year-over-year.
Trac Pham: It's affecting our guidance. I would say that it's not a meaningful impact of the year. We did get a very strong start of the year, so after 90 days, we feel very good about the outlook for the business on a full year basis. As we typically do describe, after one quarter, it's a good start and it gives us good progress to the year, but there's still a lot of business left the book.
Trac Pham: Yes, Mitch, I would separate that question to two parts. The first part is, keep in mind that any emulation does show up in the EDA line. So from a product group perspective, we've continued to grow very nicely in hardware and that tends to be lumpy quarter-to-quarter, but its continued growth on multiyear basis that will affect the comparison. The second part, which you're trying to connect to is, this license type of time-based. Remember the last year, we did transition to 606. And the mix that you're going to see in the time-based versus up front line is affected by that, that revenue transition. As we've described, the numbers and the comparisons for EDA is colored by the timing of hardware this year as well as the entity list that was affecting both the EDA and IP line, but we still feel very comfortable about a long-term and our model to drive it in the mid-to-high single digits.
Trac Pham: Yes, that's still the goal. Let me start with the first question, this first half, second half. We do expect Q4 to be our direction of the largest quarter for revenues and EPS, and that's consistent with the guidance. With regards to SIG, we do expect the hiring ramp to continue throughout the year and that's reflected in the 200 basis point improvement. But a quarter-to-quarter, you can get a little noisy, but generally flattish with last year.
Trac Pham: So the question is the first question is related to Q2. My comment on the coronavirus to the numbers is consistent with Q2 and the full year, it's not meaningful. This is our best outlook for the year and I think it's pretty consistent with how we've been planning the year. With regards to SIG margins, we should be improving margins in FY 2021, and that's going to be a combination of us growing that business and continuing to scale that up and be more productive with the investments.
Trac Pham: So Jay, on your question regarding IP, let me start by saying that we're very positive about our IP business. This is a as we described, a low double-digit growth business. And everything we're seeing in the marketplace and our bookings continue to reflect that outlook. That said, the 606 transition does introduce more variability to the numbers on a quarterly basis. But on a full year basis and on a multiyear basis, this is a very good growth business for us as reflected in the guidance for the full year.
Trac Pham: Well, I know you're going to read our Q that's coming out shortly, and you'll see that the backlog is it's pretty steady at $4.4 billion and directionally up versus last quarter. And then within that, the run rate that we the business that we book was actually very positive.
Trac Pham: Well, our guidance reflects the best information we have right now, and the demand from our customers continues to be very strong. I think part of it is that it's going to be the variability is going to be mostly on the timing of it, but that's contemplated in the guidance. As far as growth goes, keep in mind every year, we look at the year and we say that it's going to be hard to grow off of a record year, which is what we had in 2019. But we feel very good about where we are and the pipeline that we've got in place.
Trac Pham: And helped drive margin expansion over time as we ramp up on the platform, but it's going to come across from a variety of things, both revenue growth, operating efficiencies and then getting the benefit of the platform.
Aart de Geus: So, you're correct business levels referred to bookings and you may recall that, last quarter reported that 2019 had been relatively weak in terms of bookings. And so, what you saw is the result of that plus whatever was transacted during the quarter. And so, our objective obviously is to now build back to a high level and we will actively pursue that.
Aart de Geus: Well, I mean, we've just finished what we thought was a strong quarter, so it's easier said than done to just keep doing that, but that's obviously the objective, right, is to invest in some of the channel areas specifically that I think can be more balanced for the opportunity space. And they share that, we move fast on the deployment of the Polaris platform and the integration of new capabilities. Those are sort of some of the cornerstones to the success of a long term business.
Aart de Geus: Well, we're now in active hiring. We have hired a number of people. It's both the combination of tuning, meaning putting it in the right organization and simultaneously filling the holes as we see opportunities and there are plenty of opportunities. So, no, we're far from done, but we have a good start and actually some of the changes that we made in '19 appear to have generally these quite a bit of energy on the front of the sales force that feels that they have a better shot this year than last year.
Aart de Geus: If I may add to that, our business is actually mostly multi-year and so we have actually a fairly high degree of stability in our business towards events like this. At the same time, it is clear that some of the customers or the customers' customers are impacted because they may not be able to ship products. And so, it remains to be seen, if that makes its way all the way to us, but mostly we are quite isolated or insulated, I should say for all of these type of problems.
Aart de Geus: No, there's no reason that we'd not participate because -- as I think somewhat mentioned in the preamble, we see customer to be quite aggressive in what they're designing. And so fundamentally, we are in a good market and therefore participation be it in EDA or IP in that is absolutely a part of where we should do well. I think where we are cautious just because there have been so many changes in the global market that have had some impact. As we gave out the numbers, we encompassed the fact that we thought that we'd be no change to the entity list. And so, those are the types of things that we're dealing with for the year. But fundamentally, actually, I think that we are in a long-term good market leaving alone massive GDP fluctuation or anything like that. The technology needs are high for us and that's very encouraging.
Aart de Geus: Well, partially, the answer is definitely bear fruit because we have invested and made quite a number of changes, suddenly in the latter part of 2019. At the same time, I don't want to set an expectation that over 30% is the norm for every quarter. That's not where we guiding towards, but the fact is this was a very good quarter from an overall point of view. And so that will manifest itself in revenue over time. So I think we have a lot of opportunities to evolve the business to be capable of rising above the 0.5 billion mark and then you sort of in a different league of management. And so many of the investments that we're making are really all aimed at, you know the skill of scaling to that next level.
Aart de Geus: Well, we typically don't give a specific timing of shipments because some people try to understand which customer did what to whom. But the bottom line is, one of the reasons that we think we have a strong a year overall is that, hardware will be strong and actually the demand continues in that direction. It is also true that the delivery is lumpy and that is itself is visible somewhat in the first half, second half of the year.
Aart de Geus: The answer is yes, yes, and yes. Meaning that, they fall in all categories. In the past, that has been relatively rare that we'd be brand new customers because they used some industry was relatively stable and actually partially consolidating. That has changed substantially in two ways. One is a number of the hyperscalers are becoming interestingly -- strongly interested in doing chip design. And secondly, there's a plethora of IP companies that are doing extremely advanced design on an extremely aggressive timescale. And for those the utilization of our tools is just imperative to be able to succeed. So, we have opportunities in all farms and the bottom line is we have to continue to push hard on the technology, but right now it's very, very strong.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, if you take away the entity list then I would say, no change, meaning that China continues to be very active moving forward as a rapid pace, adopting new technologies, and our business is strong. Regarding the entity list, we had assumed and somewhat predicted that there would be no radical change in the near future. So far that has turned out to be true, but as we all know, things can happen in unexpected ways depending on how the tensions between the countries evolve. We do not expect that any part of the specific rules would have major impact on changes in our business because bottom line is to the entity list, we are not chipping. So that is sort of an all or nothing type cause situation already today.
Aart de Geus: John, my apologies, but we sort of understood every section word. And so, we sort of made out of the words IP and the word trend, I think, apologize. Is it possible to, to try to summarize just sort of the three or four words that are most interested you and they'll try to fabricate a response to that.
Aart de Geus: I think I understand the question. I'll try to reask it a little bit, which is essentially of the North American CPU guys, are they changing their design methodology to use more reusable IP? Well, I want to broaden the question slightly because answering for there are not that many North American CPU guys, and it's not appropriate for me to answer in a fashion that recognizes the customers. But what I can say in general is there's no question that around CPU design, and I'll include in that GPU and all the views that are specialized for AI, the design methodology is definitely evolving. There's certainly some people that continue the old way to massively optimize for the last gigahertz, but for a majority, there's definitely a drift toward applications that use much more data so that tend to be more a machine learning-oriented. And with that comes architectures that are very much focused on getting data in and off chip. And so that in itself brings about a natural increase of potentially reasonable IP. And yes, I think the quality of the IP, the advanced nature, meaning the advanced nodes that our IP is available today and the close collaboration we have with all of these customers has made it possible that they're now counting for design methodologies that use substantially more IP than they did in the past. We expect that to continue, and we also expect to continue that the IP will become more complex because with the smaller nodes, it really takes a lot of effort to make them work very well. But it is now absolutely a distinguishing capability of the Company. So essentially, what I'm trying to express to you is the IP business is difficult, but it is a great business for us to be in because it will continue to grow. It will continue to be demanding and therefore, a good area for us to be in. And we have long-term relationships with these customers where they acquire more and more pieces from us.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Let me start. Of course, your question can lead to 0.5 hour dissertation, which I will not do. But the first thing to start with is that there's still a continuation of adoption of extremely advanced nodes, and with that comes a nonstop demand for all of our tools, all the ones reaching deep into the physics and certainly all the physical design tools to be up to speed with these nodes. And by the way, their development is less clearly defined in time, meaning that a new node comes out, and then within three months, there's another version of that node and another three months, another version. And so there's constant adaptation as people are really squeezing out the max. Now in parallel to that, maybe less relevant but still worthwhile to note is that some of the older nodes are also being put more to use as people figure out that was the new tools, they can squeeze out more value out of those nodes and not all the products need the most advanced capabilities. Having said that, on the advanced capabilities, if there are two or three trends I could highlight for the tools, one is this notion that the capacity of the tools needs to continue to increase, because on Moore's Law, the one factor that really has not slowed down is the notion of increased density. Still more transistors per chip and that adds a lot of value for what you can do. In order to do that, we need to make sure that our tools interact well with each other. And so the notion of Fusion is really profound because it attempts to have every tool understand somewhat what the other tools will do and essentially have better team play, so to speak. What comes on top of that is that now the application of AI is absolutely deeply anchored already in our business. And we have capabilities in every one of our tools that are impacted by improvements through AI and increasingly, we'll see capabilities between the tools. The last comment I'll make is in the verification space, where a trend that we had diagnosed early on continues at high speed, which is with the strengthening of the chips and the combinations of chips, and I'm looking here at things that are assembled in a 3D fashion of multiple chips talking to each other such as processors and memories and maybe sensors, the importance of being able to verify both the hardware and the software. At the same time continues to grow because whichever is the slowest or the worst of in quality will determine when something goes to market. And so that is the area where advanced stimulation techniques, emulation, prototyping play in. So those are sort of the forces that govern what we do. And I can bet that by next week, there will be yet another demand for something to keep going because there is no deceleration in sight.
Aart de Geus: It is a very nice acquisition. And in these new markets, everybody knows everybody. And so then the question is always, are there some acquisitions that are both timely, that are economically reasonable and where we can integrate rapidly in a broader solution? And of course, we have had experience in this EDA business for many really decades. And so there's some similarity in that. And what was particularly intriguing is that Tinfoil fits so nicely in the Polaris platform. Of course, we have to do the integration. But this is exactly the type of capabilities that we'd love to have there because it makes the platform more useful, more versatile for our customers as they adopt it, and it was designed to make these type of integrations possible and not too costly. So if I add to that, the fact that Tinfoil is truly remarkable, high-quality company with some stunning individuals in terms of their ability to look at the future. We and by the way, the locals that makes it easier to integrate. So far, it looks really promising.
Aart de Geus: Very good question. So our IP business is really two components: one is to continually drive both the breadth but I would say just as much the depth of what we do in IP. And depths would be the new technologies new versions of the technology, etc. But the other part is that actually, IP does require quite a bit of work. They are very often statement of works on delivering IP that fits exactly the needs of a customer, so maybe some small variations or some tuning for a specific technology. And so continuing to grow a workforce that can do this is just part of continuing to scale it overall. And so in both the cases of INVECAS and eSilicon was a combination of some technologies, and but most importantly, also a workforce that was very well suited for the type of needs that we have. So we see it as essentially just another way of continuing to broaden and grow our business.
Aart de Geus: Well, most of the super high-performance computing is reasonably centralized. But it is true that a number of the edge application, if you call a car an edge, there's a lot of computation that's going into that. And so I would say in general, the difference of design is not that marked unless you have two things that changed: one is the need for low power, i.e., battery-operated type things. And so there, you have the never-ending challenge of how much performance can you squeeze out without draining the battery in, no time. And that's not a new problem. It really started to come up when mobility came up in the early 2000s. But the other thing is that in a number of edge applications now, these computational devices can be used in machines that can actually be lethal. And a car is definitely potentially lethal but so could be a robot or so. And so with that comes a whole set of other rules that one have to serve in the design of the chips such as having the capability for a chip to diagnose itself as faulty, and in some cases, to diagnose itself and at least temporarily repair itself by having, for example, duplication of some capabilities. Now it took us a while to catch up on all those rules because many of those rules are very old. They come from the automotive industry. But now, and I think we highlighted maybe in the script on automotive. Synopsys is really well on top of this. And so much so that we now participate in the premiums where the next set of rules are being developed and pioneered. So those are sort of the differences. But for the rest, it's like it's never good enough, it's never fast enough. It's never low-power enough. That continues. And while these sound like negative words, they're music to our years, A lot more opportunity for us.
Aart de Geus: Maybe it's strange thing to answer, but that rollout will continue, hopefully, for a long, long time, meaning, many years. The reason is being that the basic capabilities of Polaris as a platform are there. Now the question is, how well do we integrate multiple applications? And the power of a platform is precisely because it handles multiple applications in a way that makes life much easier for the user instead of having to deal with different products that may have different interfaces, data representations, etc. So what is encouraging is that we now have already multiple capabilities on there. And you may realize that, I mentioned that the Tinfoil acquisition is slated to be integrated next. And so that's a good way to think about it. Hopefully, we can do many more things. Now the platform itself will continue to evolve. They all do and it's hard for me to say what's the life cycle for a platform in this area, which is still new to us, but if you look at sort of EDA, our platforms typically have lasted somewhere between 10 to 15 years.
Aart de Geus: Well, we really have mostly one competitor in that area and it's a very worthy competitor. So yes, we compete all the time against Cadence. Let me just leave it at the fact that, I think right now, we have a very, very strong capability.
