Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. In Q2, we delivered record revenue, operating margin, non-GAAP EPS and cash flow. We continue to execute exceptionally well despite uncertainties in the macro environment. This is a testament to our robust portfolio, healthy markets and financial discipline. Our strong execution is also enhanced by the stability and resiliency of our time-based business model and $7.3 billion of noncancelable backlog. Our results and growing confidence in our business lead us to again raise our full year 2022 targets. After surpassing $4 billion in revenue in 2021, we expect to grow 20% and cross $5 billion in 2022 as our growth accelerates for the third straight year. I’ll now review our second quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year, unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $1.28 billion, up 25% over the prior year, with strength across all product groups and geographies. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $916 million. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $809 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 36.8%. GAAP earnings per share were $1.89. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.50, up 47% over the prior year. Semiconductor & System Design segment revenue was $1.17 billion, up 25%, with robust demand for EDA software and IP. Semiconductor & System Design adjusted operating margin was 39.2%. Software Integrity segment revenue was $113 million, up 20%. And adjusted operating margin was 11.5%. Turning to cash, we generated a record $750 million in operating cash flow. We used $250 million of our cash for buybacks and have repurchased $890 million of stock in the trailing 12 months. Our balance sheet remains very strong. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $1.72 billion, and debt of $24 million. Before providing guidance, let me briefly comment on the WhiteHat acquisition, which is subject to regulatory review and customary closing conditions. We will pay approximately $330 million in cash when the transaction closes, which we expect to occur this quarter. Based on our preliminary review, we expect the acquisition to be roughly neutral to non-GAAP earnings this year. Now to the guidance, which excludes any impact from the WhiteHat acquisition. We are raising our full-year outlook for revenue, operating margins, earnings, and cash flow. For fiscal year 2022, the full year targets are revenue of $5 billion to $5.05 billion, this represents 19% to 20% growth and a $225 million increase versus our prior outlook. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $3.928 billion and $3.975 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $3.35 billion and $3.38 billion, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin improvement of approximately 250 basis points. Non-GAAP tax rate of 18%. GAAP earnings of $6.22 to $6.40 per share. Non-GAAP earnings of $8.63 to $8.70 per share, representing 26% to 27% growth. Cash flow from operations of $1.55 billion to $1.6 billion. Capital expenditures of approximately $145 million, up from our prior guidance as we consolidate our campus at headquarters to create a more efficient and economical footprint. Now to the targets for the third quarter. Revenue between $1.21 billion and $1.24 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $981 million and $1.0 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $830 and $840 million. GAAP earnings of $1.32 to $1.44 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $2.01 to $2.06 per share. In conclusion, we continue to execute exceptionally well. And based on our strong momentum, we expect to deliver 20% revenue growth 250 basis points of non-GAAP operating margin improvement, more than 25% non-GAAP earnings growth and $1.6 billion of operating cash flow in fiscal 2022. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Trac Pham: Gary, the backlog is up due to overall run rate growth. Duration remains within the model we communicated in the past, which is 2.5 to 3 years.
Trac Pham: Jason, we -- keep in mind, when we enter the year, we are feeling very bullish about the business, right? Because in December, we are coming off of several years of very strong growth and margin improvement. And based on that, we had already raised our long-term outlook for the business. What’s different now six months in is that we’ve booked six months worth of business that we continue to see the momentum be very strong and consistent with what we have communicated. So, right now, we’re feeling -- we’re feeling like we’re executing well against the opportunity ahead of us, and the outlook is really positive.
Trac Pham: Well, I’ll start with the fact that we are raising the overall margins for the year by 250 basis points versus ‘21. So, it’s a really strong improvement. With regards to the Q4 profile, we continue to invest in the business in the second half. Good hiring, and frankly, the other part that’s contributing to it is the fact that the outlook is so strong that we are increasing our variable compensation accrual in the back half of the year.
Trac Pham: I’d say, the pricing environment is pretty healthy for us right now. And it starts with the fact that we are -- our products are incredibly competitive. And as you heard in Aart’s comments or prepared remarks, they are creating a lot of value for our customers. And the ability -- when you’re coming to an engagement of the customer with really good products that’s solving their problems in a much more efficient, effective and scalable way, it’s a much more constructive conversation on pricing.
Trac Pham: Yes. I’ll add to Aart’s comments about the backlog. That is noisy, and it will vary from quarter-to-quarter. It’s great to have $7.3 billion of backlog. It’s even better that the backlog is increasing because of run rate growth, as Aart described. And that momentum in terms of run rate growth in the first half is really what’s driving the confidence in the outlook for the full year.
Trac Pham: Jay, with regards to your questions on OpEx. There’s two parts to the expense increase. One is the investments in the business. We’ll continue to invest in the business primarily to sustain really strong growth over the next few years. And the second part of the investment is making sure that we can scale this business in a way that we can drive margin improvement over time commensurate with that growth. The second part of what’s driving expenses is what I highlighted earlier, which is an increase in -- with a strong increase in the outlook for the year, it’s also allowing us to accrue more for the variable compensation to reflect the overachievement. On the hiring front, our outlook for the year of 250 basis points improvement in ops margin contemplates our ability to hire and our ability to continue to invest in the business. So it’s all closed loop and factored into the numbers.
Trac Pham: Yes. I would just look at the profiling. You’ve got two years that have very different profiles. And as a result, the comparisons are -- you’re comparing any particular quarter this year relative to the last year, it’s going to stand out and seem unusual. But I would -- if you zoom out and look at the full year, we’re delivering north of 25% EPS growth. And that’s really on the heels of strong revenue growth and margin improvement.
Trac Pham: Let me try to put it in this context, Pradeep. We are executing incredibly well. And we’re showing 20% growth off of a record year last year. The momentum of the business is really strong. We are feeling very confident about the business, not only for this year, but over a multiyear period. Where the questions are coming from with regards to changing our multiyear model, we literally just are six months into this, and we updated you all on a raise in the model back in December. It’s premature to be talking about changing our model midyear, while we still have six months left in the business to go. But I would just say that we are feeling very bullish and confident in the business over a multiyear period. So, I would not read anything in terms of the results and are concerned about our ability to sustain very strong results over the long term.
Trac Pham: Well, you can see in our disclosures that we are seeing very strong growth in all geographies and across all the product lines. So, it just gives you a sense of the breadth that we have with regards to where the growth is coming from. We don’t disclose, obviously, the customer detail, but the growth in -- all these areas are driven by really strong growth across the broad customer base. So, I -- we’re not attributing the change in the model or the outlook for the year to any one area. That’s just not a sustainable way to run a business.
Aart de Geus: Well, right now, we’re not changing any targets for the long term, but clearly, we’re at the right end of the double digit answer. And in general, I would say that we feel that we’re in a strong position that has a potential to continue for quite a while by virtue of not only building up the backlog, but more importantly so, by the conjunction of the demand in the market and what we have to offer being particularly well aligned. So, I think, the Company is very strong right now, and you saw that we changed the objective for the year considerably from where we started the year.
Aart de Geus: Well, I wouldn’t say it’s a surprise. It’s been hard work that has worked really well. I think we’re executing extremely well at this point in time. And having the products that are needed at the right time, including some that have truly breakpoints in innovation that are very valuable for the future serves us well. Obviously, the markets around us have a lot of noise up and down and sideways, but we cater to a part of the market that is highly competitive where there is a renewed understanding of how important chips are for differentiation in literally every field you can think of. And so, that is an area where the customers want to move faster with better tools, with faster solutions, and I think we’re well positioned in that.
Aart de Geus: Yes. In general, I would add, there is just a lot of demand. People are designing much more complex, not just chips, but systems of chips. The intersection between those chips and the software is more important, meaning that they want to optimize the chips for certain software and optimize certain software for the chips or vice versa. And so, these are all relatively difficult problems that require a lot of our tools and a lot of our IP. And I think the semiconductor market overall is heading towards continued growth by the sheer need of all these parts.
Aart de Geus: You’re right with both, meaning that in decades ago, clearly, was EDA driving things, and then you would sell some IP in some of the regions that have come online, let’s say, in the last 10 years, IP has often been the first decision-making point and then the EDA followed. And in the system world, it’s a little bit of both. But very often when people decide about what architecture they’re going to build, they make big decisions on the building blocks and then they immediately look in the catalog from Synopsys, okay, which building blocks can I have, ready to go or which ones can I get with some modifications. And that is, of course, a dramatic shortcut in design and effort. So, I think they’re sort of, in my perspective, two sides of the same coin. You need both, and both need to be working very well.
Aart de Geus: Well, as you know, so far, we want to hold on to the general directives that we’ve given for the long term. At the same time, there’s no doubt whatsoever that IP was particularly strong this quarter and actually has been strong for quite a while. And so, IP tends to be a little lumpy because you often sell IP over a period of time and then the customers pick it up as they need it, or some of the things that are subject to milestones if they want to have IP that’s modified for their purpose. So, it’s not always as easy to predict as some of the other things that are more time-based. But overall, they reflect very well the new designs, the new chips, but also the new types of chips. And we’re particularly strong already in those interconnectivity blocks that will be used when you put chips in very, very tight proximity, sometimes also refer to as chiplets. And so, that’s a whole new wave of opportunity for us.
Aart de Geus: Well, there’s not really an update. We received this, if I’m not mistaken, in November ‘21. And so, typically, you get a number of questions, and then there’s some follow-up on those questions. And by the way, a lot of these are being given out to a number of companies. And so, we have diligently followed up. It’s not for us to know actually when these things finish. So, it’s wait and see, but we’re following up, and no issues from our perspective so far.
Aart de Geus: That’s actually a fun question because you seem to know some of our better birthdays here. In ‘15 and ‘19, we had absolutely great products that hit markets that substantially advanced the existing state-of-the-art. I think when you talk about things like DSO or some of the hardware-software interaction, you’re essentially talking about a new state of the art. And having had the privilege to be here for a long time, I strongly feel that the early days of synthesis felt very similar to what we’re doing right now with AI applied to our own design flows, because it is so revolutionary from a computer science point of view as AI has essentially brought a whole new way to look at problems through the lens of can you recognize patterns versus can you do deductive calculations. And we have already demonstrated literally a month after month new results that are getting better and better, and also broadening the applicability beyond just design but also in verification. And so, I think there’s a long runway with that. But it is also literally fun to watch how excited our own teams are every time they get some better results.
Aart de Geus: It’s a little bit of all of that. We have always wanted to say that backlog goes up and down because if you do, let’s say, a large transaction over multiple years, you get your backlog to go up, and then it gradually decreases as the revenue is recognized and then it gets renewed. Now, of course, we have many renewals, so it’s not that spiky in aggregate. But that’s the one flag I want to raise for backlog. On the other hand, there’s no question that our business is strong and that we have many growing renewals and are broadening the portfolio of what we offer as a company. And so, we are very purposefully building the Company for growth at this point in time. And so we’re watching to make sure that the backlog is in sync with the guidance that we give you going forward.
Aart de Geus: Well, let me start with your first part 1, 2, 3 and 5 of the questions. All the things that you mentioned, I hope we have exactly those problems because we licked them in our history. The fact is that we have the good fortune of starting with synthesis that revolutionized digital design, made it possible, in all fairness, together with simulation, later place and route. And those automations kept growing with every success the customer who wants to do more. It’s like race car drivers, you give them a faster car, they drive fast and they say, "Can you give me something that’s faster?" And the good news is Synopsys for its entire history has always stayed at the state of the art. So, in that sense, this is normal evolution. Secondly, I think the AI capabilities that we have right now and that we’re building are actually quite broad in terms of the applicability. And if you add the very fact that on the side here, we have just announced that we also have a SaaS model for cloud, that’s theoretically saying, "Oh, there’s infinite compute waiting for you if you want to pay the price." And I don’t know I want to be light-hearted about this, but the fact is that compute is not a limitation for us right now. I think what will be the challenging part is that all the problems that we’re addressing are highly systemically complex, meaning there are so many different things that play together, and you have to nail every single one of them, otherwise, the system doesn’t work. And that plays absolutely to Synopsys’ strength because we are deep in every area that we touch, and we’ve put a high degree of emphasis now for a number of years for Synopsys to migrate its thinking from scale complexity to systemic complexity. And so, I actually have no fear in this direction. Trepidation on the execution is always there, but I think we’re on a roll here.
Aart de Geus: Well, in all areas, we’re outgrowing our competition. And that includes EDA and IP and the other areas that we’re in. At the same time, all of those have historical precedents of how the business is set up. And if you recall, it’s not that many quarters ago that we were referring to IP as in the mid-single-digits growth rate. And today, we’re clearly in the double digit. So, that has moved up. The IP has moved up very fast. And part of the explanation I tried to give a little bit earlier is that, in a number of situations, IP is leading as IP is, in many ways, the shortcut of EDA, right, which is you have design that’s already done. And so, the combination of IP and EDA actually works really well together, and one should take them in aggregate. And in aggregate, the Company is essentially predicting for this year what is a 19% to 20% growth. And so, you can split the numbers anyway you want.
Aart de Geus: I cannot fully -- I cannot critique what others say about their business. We are doing well. I think the semiconductor industry is growing rapidly. There’s no question that most advanced nations in the world have all understood that chips are at the heart of all the software that’s needed to be competitive. And so, that is a very fundamental change. And we are, I think, playing very well in this with the technologies we have. And some of the areas that we have highlighted, such as DSO.ai, but I could have also highlighted SLM or a few other areas that are relatively new, we’re doing really well.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, I guess we can finish on a timely fashion. Thank you very much for your interest. We had not only a very strong quarter, but more importantly, saw momentum in our entire business. It will go forward for, as Trac said, a number of quarters. And so, on that basis, we appreciate your support, and we’ll be talking to you shortly in the one-on-ones.
