Trac Pham: Hi, Gary, this is Trac. For this year that’s the case. It happens to be similar to last year, but I would call that as a normal trend over time. It really depends on the quality profile of our business and so you will see variable comp or commissions accruals vary from quarter-to-quarter. As we said for this year given the revenue profile and our hiring trends and then what is an expected true-up for a variable comp in Q4, it just happens to be our lowest EPS quarter.
Trac Pham: Your calculation on the operating margin impact of Black Duck is in the right neighborhood. In addition to that, we have also made some investments in IP and EDA this year given the opportunities that we are seeing in the market. With regards to the operating margin changes from year-to-year excluding the impact of Black Duck, it would have been up marginally or marginally flattish year-over-year. We do expect to drive operating margins to the mid 20s as we stated in the past. And as although we are in the midst of planning FY ‘19 right now, we do plan on driving it up next year.
Trac Pham: Yes. The starting point is that overall the businesses are doing well, so that gives us very nice baseline for the year. But what really changed this quarter was based on the strength of the business that we booked in the first half and the visibility that provided to stronger IP and hardware revenues, that’s why we are increasing the second half, but it will remain very – as those businesses grow both IP and hardware we will see more variability in the business. And what we are provided right now is our best visibility of that.
Trac Pham: I can’t – I haven’t looked at the year-over-year increase. I can’t quote the 72% increase that you are driving, but we should see a combination of expense increases in R&D as well as the sales and marketing line as we ramp up both hiring those areas as well as the sales and marketing line, it’s going to be a variable comp or commissions increase.
Trac Pham: No, typically hardware, sometimes you can ship if you have inventory ready to go or if you are expecting certain orders and they indeed came in at the right time. The challenge with hardware is that it is lumpy in terms of size and it is somewhat unpredictable in terms of timing and then the shipping is on top of that a function of availability and of desire of the customer frankly too. So, all of these things is a grab bag of things that are all not quite predictable. I want to just come back to the previous question, because I think it wasn’t quite clear we understood the question. We certainly don’t want to leave the impression that the organic growth rates of the integrity business was – Software Integrity business was not very good, it was actually very good, just that we don’t break it out anymore between M&A and the res. What we have said in the past and it continues to be so is that we expect the profile of acquisitions to gradually become profitable in about an 18 to 36 month timeframe. And so that’s the other financial aspect to this and the overall growth rate of that business we have in the 20% pointish neighborhood.
Trac Pham: Maybe the comment I would add to that, you must have heard at least in the last six or seven earnings releases that we used the term lumpy, more difficult to predict in terms of to that effect. None of these terms are negative in regard to the business, but they do highlight a little bit to why we go into a year with a certain degree of caution in terms of how we predicted, because in general, we like to be able to deliver what we guide towards. At the same time, if you look at the evolution of Synopsys over now quite a number of years and you just look at the revenue line, you see that it’s fairly consistently going in the right direction even from quarter-to-quarter it may not be perfect or maybe little bumpy overall I think the company is in good shape.
Trac Pham: There is a few things in the results. If you break it out, clearly you have highlighted the Black Duck dilution. We do have the benefit of the tax rate which we knew some of that benefit to invest back in the business and we have mentioned earlier that we have seen pretty good opportunity in the IP as well as in the EDA space. And so those things are some of the drivers of the operating margins, but overall you separate all those things out, we are holding margins relatively flat year-over-year versus ‘17.
Aart de Geus: From a growth perspective, there are three things. First, it was broad across the board all businesses did very well and then I would say standing out beyond that was the IP and the hardware both did very well. It’s a little lumpy as these things occur, but at the same time I would say overall, these are healthy businesses. In terms of the ongoing management of the profitability, this has been absolutely been a year where we have made investments, we see opportunities. Black Duck of course has its own investment via M&A. And so I want to just state exactly what Trac was saying we did this on purpose knowing that we have great opportunities to grow well. And looking forward to ‘19 without giving specifics, we will pay more attention to the ops margin moving it up again.
Aart de Geus: Yes. So the consulting services business for Software Integrity is actually doing very well. However, the quarter-on-quarter increase was largely driven by the IP business, particularly the percentage completion revenues.
Aart de Geus: Well, let me start with the end. Absolutely, we are seeing growth in the customer base that we knew existed, but didn’t touch in the past. And so remember when we started in this direction with acquisition Coverity, at that point in time, it was roughly 50-50 balance between semiconductor systems on one hand and software development in areas that were certainly not in our purview. That balance has continued to shift to become broader and broader as we touch very different segments be it from oil reserves to health to financial sector as industrial you name it. And fundamentally, the problem of security vulnerabilities is really anywhere in software. And so from that perspective, we do feel that we have tapped in a broader TAM. The fact that the different acquisitions I think were well chosen because they are so nicely adjacent and supportive of each other, I think you are starting now to prove itself true. And in the middle of that, Cigital added a service component that also allowed us to engage at high-leveling companies that were frankly looking themselves as to what they should be doing and by being able to provide multiple aspects of the solution, we are more attractive, we are low risk and we have sort of the steadiness of a large company that’s going to be there for the long run. So I think it’s fair to say that there is many open questions for the future, but that all-in-all we are very happy with how this is developing.
Aart de Geus: Yes, I will in general, it won’t be precise for some of the nuances of it, but in general, hardware will typically show up in upfront line. And then on the IP business two-thirds of it is going to be time-based with the third being more upfront and then time-based you will see it in the time-based line as well as the consulting and maintenance – with the services and maintenance line.
Aart de Geus: Okay. So, everything about hardware, I think the first comment is we are doing very well in this area and there is a reason for it. The reason is that the area of focus that we have zoomed in on is the intersection of hardware and software, specifically the notion of can you bring up the software, can you run the software in other words on hardware that doesn’t exist yet and therefore you use a prototype such as an emulator or FPGA board or we have some other forms of that as well. And the answer is that is a growing need because both the complexity of the hardware and delivery times and the software that’s running on the chips is demanding an earlier exercising of software and that is where we do very well. Our own sense is that yes, we have grown our market share and that we are in the lead, but Mentor does not disclose its number. So, I don’t know if they are doing something great and good for them if they do. In terms of the breadth of the product line, we have talked for quite a while about the fact that we have a verification continuum. So, the hardware pieces, emulation, HAPS boards are actually working very well in conjunction with our software tools, the simulator, the debuggers and so on. And yes, a number of customers tend to use multiple pieces and assemble them, because each one of these solutions have different characteristics, some are really good for running large amounts of software that are really good for directly interacting with real life situations, for example, the HAPS boards would be that. And in that sense, we are a very complete solution and we do see both growth in depth and in breadth and in repeat business.
Aart de Geus: Actually, not really and this is one of the reasons we have articulated for a while that we believe there is whole wave of new opportunities is actually great for semiconductors, because the minute you can get some AI algorithm to run and do something useful, the next minute you think boy, it’s so slow, can I just make it faster? And so these chips will in no time drift forward to the most advanced Silicon Technologies. And by the way also too in a number of cases to the largest chips to be built, I mean, these are truly quite exceptional. Now, I want to quickly also say that of the many AI companies that are doing chips, they span a broad spectrum from super advanced to how quickly can we get something on the market for IoT that is using more established technologies that are narrower in their capabilities. And so I don’t think it’s actually all that different than the ways that we have seen in the past be in the computation age or in the mobility age or the networking. And there is no question that the foundries are very much focused on making sure that they continue to deliver increased transit accounts in smaller dimensions.
Aart de Geus: Well, actually I can say that there are four areas that are touching it quite substantially. The design tools touch it, because the chips have to ultimately be certified on ISO 26262 and a number of those chips have some very sophisticated timing and power demands. The verification most definitely touches it and will touch it more as prototyping in the cars is going to be absolutely necessary, because the complexity is growing so fast that unless they prototype much more and that could be virtual prototyping to be really fast, they will not be able to ship the cars. The preferred areas, IP, because in these new systems, there is a lot also interface IP, there is a number of embedded processors, those two aside of having to be certified are things that people just don’t design themselves anymore, they put them in the chips. And last but not least coming from above is our Software Integrity Group, where the notion of security had a rude awakening a couple of years ago when the Jeep was hacked. And instantaneously, many decades of diligence around safety were put into question as people realized that they have sort of forgotten by the software. So in that sense they are all moving forward. Lastly, to your well-pointed clip that we are working on all cylinders, I would like to say we are working on electrification of ourselves here and so hopefully it won’t just combustion engine, but will be autonomously running the company.
Aart de Geus: Yes. I don’t think that we can be very precise on the revenue partially because we wouldn’t disclose it partially also because there are many companies that do many things and so it’s a little bit subjective, but there is no question that there is a lot of effort in a lot of chips and also that there are quite a number of companies that 3 years or 5 years ago did not exist. And that is certainly a good sign and maybe over time, some overheating of that as all of these things tend to be above all, but at the same time, I think this is going be a long bubble, because the minute a company sees that they are not in the right direction, they will get absorbed by somebody else and the investments will continue. And so if you look at the used cases, there are quite a number of companies that are going sort of in the generic AI direction essentially trying to provide capabilities that could be used in the cloud, typically a full learning, some are very visible and so you certainly would know about an NVIDIA that has done extremely well in that, but there are many others on the way. And then there is a large number of companies that are looking at the type of things that you could put on in the edge. So it’s not the learning, but the interpreting of the learned behaviors or learned characteristics and they range from all kinds of facial recognition, voice recognition, pattern recognition of course for autonomous driving and so on, but also analysis of vibration patterns to see if machines are going to brake, identification of cracks inside of pipes. I think there is going to be a lot of very interesting creativity here and I believe that as fast as this is moving we are still very much in the beginning of this major phase.
Aart de Geus: That’s a very good question. And so we have always said that if we needed to do it we would push growth above ops margin, but I certainly set the price with the fact that it’s time for us to put more emphasis on the ops margin going forward. I would highlight something else though. We have been a company that has attempted and I think being successful now twice in broadening our TAM for the long-term and the first of those was in the early 2000s building the IP business, which is not a substantial part of our portfolio. And then 4 years or so ago, we decided that we would invest in what we see as a continuity from hardware into the software world and invested in the Software Integrity business throughout a number of acquisitions and also quite a bit of organic investment. And I would say that in 2018 we can say I think that has been successful. And so we are very grateful for that, because that gives us some of the opportunity to touch many, many customers that before we never have had any interaction with. It gives a different level of stability to the company in the long-term when you look at potential ups and downs in markets over many, many years. And in that sense I think it has brought an outlook to Synopsis that is more in the many years space than in the next year outlook. So in that context, your point raises the right issue, which is can we now improve the incremental improvements towards the profitability, but I would like to highlight that we are actually very happy as to where the company is now based on those investments.
Aart de Geus: Well, so we are talking two different cross-selling opportunities. The first one is actually within the Software Integrity space where the quality tools, mostly coming from Coverity, and the security tools, Cigital, Black Duck and a few other acquisitions, they are starting to cross-sell quite nicely and it’s becoming increasingly a very coherent domain. And you may have heard in the preamble that we will also continue to invest in gradually building a platform where all of these tools work better and better together. The cross-selling from the software security to the hardware security is a little bit less direct, it is much more brand positioning and understanding of the topic. And there we do have a number of opportunities to focus more mostly through the IP business. In creating security within that, we have encryption tools, we have capabilities to build route of trust. And I think it will – that area will gradually grow, because yes, hackers have figured out that hardware could be vulnerable too and a lot of companies understand this and now are investing and improving their solutions. And I think that will continue for many years.
Aart de Geus: Yes, we don’t disclose the specifics. Structurally, it is certainly a bit more difficult in the IP, because IP is sort of a better cost between products and service business. There is certain amount of customization. There is a number of things that we do early on for certain customers and their statement of works and that describes a little bit how that works. But having said that, there is also no doubt that over the years we have gradually grown the ops margin nicely and actually certainly last quarter IP had a very high level of orders, actually the whole quarters was very strong from an order perspective and we see the steady state of our run-rate growing against.
Aart de Geus: Well, I think at this point in time hopefully you’ve taken away that we had a strong quarter. The run-rate is up. The business is looking quite solid for the second half of this year. And you got a sense of where we are looking at in terms of results for ‘18 and also the beginning of a sense of how we are thinking about ‘19 although it will hold back on further comments until we get a little bit closer. Thank you very much for your attention and your support. And as usual we will be available for the Q&A afterwards.
