Trac Pham: So let me start with your first question on SIG. The numbers you described for SIG is pretty consistent with what we had guided at the beginning of year, and yes, we did achieve the goals that we’d outlined at the start of the year. Second part is, we are not calling out the numbers for Software Integrity specifically for next year, but it is consistent with about 20% growth on an ongoing basis. And Black Duck separately from that as we mentioned is in the range of $55 million to $60 million of revenues for 2018. With regards to 606, we will be implementing 606 starting in fiscal ‘19, so there is no -- that is not factored into the ‘18 guidance.
Trac Pham: Rich, the guidance for our revenue for Black Duck is about $55 million to $60 million for 2018 and then deferred haircut is about $25 million to $30 million. As for Aart described the market SIG, we’re expecting -- Software Integrity we’re expecting to grow in the 20% range and Black Duck is being doing very well -- as very well and then there -- the market demand and the secular trends in that space would drive growth similarly in that range.
Trac Pham: Well, that’s a very good question. That’s something we will actively consider as we progress throughout the year. Our focus in the near-term clearly is to increase that business and make sure that we can drive the growth that we’ve got planned for the year. But as we progress, we will look very closely at that amount of disclosure we want to provide balancing between keeping the information, avoiding competitive issues, as well as on the flipside making sure that investors get enough insights on the business to evaluate the opportunity.
Trac Pham: Jackson, actually, it doesn’t drive -- the hardware would not drive the time-based products. And keep in mind that we do look at that over time and it could vary from quarter-to-quarter depending on the nature of the contracts. Royalties can also fall into that that as well. So, there is really no issues within the core and that’s not related to hardware at all.
Trac Pham: Overall, the business was very strong. I mean you look at the growth across the geographies, the crisscross different products, even to the cost the number of top customers we had very solid growth, so there’s any number of things that can drive it. We did end the year on a very strong -- with very strong run rate growth so the business is very healthy.
Trac Pham: No. It’s really a function of hardware, as hardware gets to be a larger part of our business, it changes that mix a little bit. Excluding hardware, we’re running generally in the same percentage as we have historically. So there’s no -- there’s been no change to the business model with that regard.
Trac Pham: Okay. So let’s start with the first one which is easy. We won’t give more detail on the hardware. We’ll leave it at hardware for now. But we continue -- for the year we actually did very well on both HAPS and emulation. So, as I said, it was very broadly -- the business was broadly strong. As far IP, it was with a combination of services and products.
Trac Pham: Well, actually -- we actually did the full normalization taking into account the fact that we had $30 million that was planned for ‘18, that shifted to Q4. We do the math that you just did on Black Duck -- and Black Duck. We’ve got mid single-digit growth on revenues and we are actually growing earnings per share on a high single-digit basis. So I think as we continue to describe we’re really running this business over a multiyear period. And in this particular quarter, you’re getting a very high sense of that, because in one month you’re seeing a very significant shift in revenues. And so, it’s best to look at our business on a multiyear basis and if you go back and look at the charts for revenue growth and earnings growth, we’ve done a pretty good job executing against that.
Trac Pham: Yes. The numbers for that we had discussed for the Software Integrity business was tracking to both revenue and profitability for this year. And then as far as the getting more update on the Software Integrity business and progress there, I think, we’ll start with the quarterly calls, that’s a good start and then throughout this year, as I said earlier, we’ll evaluate how best to provide more insights to the analysts, as well as our investors on that business.
Aart de Geus: Well, RISC-V is sort of in its beginnings, but it is also one processor among many being built right now. This is aimed, I think, at being more a general purpose processor and maybe of high interest to some parties. But many people are focusing right now on the development of AI-specific processors, and so from our perspective as EDA and IP provider, it’s a little bit like the more the merrier, because we can support many people doing designs, and we expect many processes to be optimized specifically for the applications, because the hunger for more speed will be so high that just going to smaller geometries will not be sufficient, and therefore, people will say, “Hey, if I can build processors that are narrower and just aimed at some application and can make them faster,” and we’re seeing really a plethora of companies investing in them.
Aart de Geus: Well, I think, the answer is yes, yes, yes, because there is no question that the overall global economy has done well, mostly because all regions are reasonably solid and so having those in unison tends to help things. Secondly, there is no question that semiconductor has had a very, very strong year. And in all fairness, this is after a few years of not being particularly strong and so these things tend to go up and down but up feels better than down, no question about that. And then, lastly, and I think that that is actually the factor that will matter most in the long-term is that, this move into this next wave of electronics enabling a very notion that was [indiscernible] in the ‘90s of artificial intelligence and outcomes under a set of other names, big data, machine learning, digital intelligence, I’d like to call it Smart Everything, that will drive a very broad consumption of semiconductors, because the amounts of data generated by IoTs and various forms of sensors are growing by leaps and bounds, and just think of any camera as being really billions of pixels being generated. Secondly, this data needs to be manipulated through machine learning, which is extremely compute in terms, and then the machine learning it in terms gets interpreted in the utilization, let’s say inside of a car for example. And then on top of that, you need to add one more aspect, which is security. And security, there is a very, very big component to that in the software part of our business, but it also will impact hardware as a variety of security modules will get added. So, I think, that semiconductor is at -- really at the heart of enabling a whole new wave of impact and therefore would stay reasonably healthy just on that basis only.
Aart de Geus: Well, Trac, can comment on some of the financials normally, we don’t give out specific growth rates on the acquisitions. And frankly, our first job is to always make sure that the company really lands well and that we can quickly look at what are the upsides for them with Synopsys or for Synopsys with them, that goes in both directions. Having said that though, I think, what is exciting about Black Duck is that, they are really have grown up and have impact to the whole aspect of software refer to as Open Source. And one of the biggest productivity increases and this is true on chips with IP, I think, it is true on software by virtue of our use of software and Open Source software is, of course, the fact that you can use software for many sources and assemble it quickly. There are quite a number of lurking dangers in that and there is a large catalogue of known vulnerabilities, and when people integrate this Open Source code material and they don’t pay attention to at least the vulnerabilities that already known, I think that’s closely delinquent when thinking about building secured software. And so it’s just a natural for us as an extension of our focus on quality and security of software.
Aart de Geus: It’s actually a quite difficult question, because we touch many, many companies that are in the automotive space and we ourselves find it a bit challenging to know exactly what is in the automotive part and what is in the regularly semiconductor deliveries. Having said that though, the reason I like to highlight automotive is because it is such a poster child for what big changes are happening in an industry that traditionally was very slow in the adoption of any super advanced technology and so many semiconductor technology. I highlighted specifically the fact that we had invested substantially in automotive certified IP in FinFET 16, because three years ago nobody in their right mind would have ever associated the word FinFET in automotive and today all of the big providers in that value chain are focusing on that, because they need more computation inside of the car. And so the investments that we’ve made are not only to provide the tools that are suited for designing and modeling what goes into a car, but as you mentioned that also fulfill the existing standards that initially were all built up really for safety and only now are gradually being evolved towards security and those are words that we can certainly deal with very well. So I think we’re well-equipped to be a good provider in that value chain.
Aart de Geus: Well, I am always careful answering questions like that, because often the claims get out of hand quickly. We have extremely competent competitors like Cadence and Mentor, of course, are the largest ones. In some areas, Cadence has been growing a bit faster in digital design. We have been growing faster in verification. Things ebb and flow and go back and forth. But in aggregate as an industry, we’re quite competitive, because we have to constantly develop technology that’s at the leading edge. And so, I think, I have nothing negative to say about any of the other companies, we are all striving to be a good providers in a market that right now is doing very well and so we’ve had the benefits of making a number of investments over the years that are paying off particularly well right now.
Aart de Geus: Well, a little bit everything you said is true, meaning that, there’s no question that when your customers do really well, they are a little less hesitant in spending money and semiconductors have been doing extremely well and I expected right now to continue for a bit. At the same time, the -- our solution in the verification space, the overall verification platform, which includes the emulation and the FPGA prototyping boards has done very, very well. And this is not completely a surprise, but somewhat difficult to predict in timing, because it follows what we have said, which is the center of gravity between hardware and software is going to increase in importance. With more complex software, people want to run the software before they have the hardware and therefore they model the hardware and that’s the basis that we’re in. The third aspect I would mention is that, our IP business has been very strong and that is definitely partially the result of continued investment in the most advanced nodes, which is difficult IP to do. And as you probably know the advanced nodes keep rolling out at a rapid pace, because the providers are very competitive with each other. And last but not least, the Software Integrity platform, so far I think is living up to our open expectations to be good pillar for the company that is on one hand completely adjacent to what we already do both in terms of technology and complexity and in many cases in embedded situations. On the other hand, it’s clearly a fresh TAM for us as we were talking to customers that in the past we would never have dreamed of interacting with. Jokingly, I sometimes say, we now have customers from Samsung to Starbucks, in fact is it’s actually true and so that is a very big opportunity space.
Aart de Geus: This makes for a very long discussion, because we have -- we are now very, very rich in technologies in this domain. And this is a domain that has been extremely fractured in the past, and we’re already starting to get I would say very strong positive feedback from the number of CIOs or people that are responsible for the security of software that being able to interact with a company that has longevity and some mass, gives them a better feeling of security that we’re going to be around. That’s just another way of saying, there is a lot of work ahead and we are continually integrating capabilities. But it is after we really understand them well and so an integration is really a two-year to three-year process at many different levels. Having said that, Black Duck resonates very well with many of our customers and they understand immediately that doing some automatic checks on software that comes in from variety of not always understood sources is a good defense mechanism that they need and so, I think, that we will be well-equipped together with them to drive this area forward.
Aart de Geus: Well, for starters, we always start to look at this via a multiyear perspective, because acquisitions like that, they take some time to integrate, they have haircuts, they have a number of complexities on the financial side that that need to be understood on a longer term perspective. We have actually a fairly well-honed process of trying to understand the value of the acquisition based on the cash flow that comes out of it over many years. We don’t disclose the exact metrics, but we have a fairly good discipline for that. We review this for many years after the acquisition with our Board, always with some up and some down surprises, which is another word of saying, it’s always difficult to exactly predict. But in aggregate, it has been part of how we continue to create value for the company and in that context Black Duck is not an exception. Our own sense is that this is a particularly valuable acquisition, because of the strategic position it fills technically in the portfolio, but also because of the very acute value it can create by reducing the risk profile for customers. So, that is the process that we follow. Nothing is perfect and I am sure we can always do better, but we do have a long-term experience that has worked out pretty well for us.
Aart de Geus: Well, this is an excellent question, because there are so many opportunities and your commentary is partially correct in that when we did the Cigital acquisition. Cigital was particularly focused on the financial sector. At the same time, my mentioning earlier of the automotive sector was interesting, because those people are just as interested in the issues of security and software as anything else. The other areas that are also highly paranoid about what can happen medical is a good example and you’ve seen some really horrific acts happening there. And so, I think, over time, no area, no verdict vertical is immune to the damages that can be done by essentially leaving the software doors wide open for hackers. And so this is going to become more and more a must do everywhere. But clearly, the sectors that are most sensitive also the ones that have been most attacked. And the financial sector, it quickly goes to the bottomline, because the attack means trying to steal money and that brings a very rapid reaction. So we are prudent in investing in verticals, because each vertical requires skills, it requires understanding the vocabularies and it requires understanding who to interact with. But I think our opportunity space will continue to grow and with is this part of our company broadening, we will put some more effort in understanding what are the best channels to do that, but so far I think we’ve been executing reasonably well.
Aart de Geus: Well, let me go backwards. We continue, of course, to always look at opportunities, at the same time, it’s also important to make sure that we executed well on the integration of the acquisitions that we’ve done so far. And while we have a number of teams that are extremely skilled at this, every case is different and so they take some time. And what is also interesting is that as we bring new members to our team, they bring fresh perspective, I like to call it fresh DNA that allows us to shop and how we think about the field. To be honest on your TAM question, I sort of read the same reports that most people do and I am equally skeptical if the number reflects any reality, because when you have a very rapidly developing market where there are many, many different, very fractured companies, that typically indicates that there’s a high need and that the need is still not satisfied or still in development and those are actually all positive words, because that’s just coming opportunity, but it also says that adding up whatever these companies have been able to do and then extrapolating this mostly spreadsheet effort. And I don’t want to be negative when people are trying to forecast it, because it is important, of course, but from our perspective, right now, the size of the TAM is the least of our issues. I think we have open space to run with and our challenge is how quickly can we execute on this, not are there more customers to call on, there are many more.
Aart de Geus: So at this point in time, first a big thank you for having reported on us and supporting us during the year. Fiscal ‘17 turned out to be a very good year, not only from results point of view, but to most importantly from the perspective of preparing us for the next few years. And by now it already feels a little old and so we are fully proceeding on like on 2018 and hope to talk to you soon. As usual, we’ll be available for individual calls in a few minutes. Thank you very much.
