Aart de Geus: Amazing. I'm still learning. Sorry about that. Thank you. The question is very broad. And let me start from the inside to the outside. On the inside, we have a high degree of confidence because many of the investments that we've put in place over a number of years are really coming together well because the vision of where our field was heading towards is actually moving along. And so, this notion of transforming the world towards smart capabilities in every vertical market requires a whole set of technologies that we've been investing in. And so be it in the area of design implementation, including the AI capabilities, be it in the verification validation of entire systems, including the intersection of hardware and software but also in the deep investments and advanced technologies in the overarching investments in quality of software and security, all of these trends are really manifesting themselves very actively. And we see it manifests itself in many collaborations and increased commitments of customers to us has also witnessed in a strong backlog. And so right there that gives us a sense for the coming year. From the outside, it is very clearly visible that the semiconductor industry itself is doing well not only because visible through some shortages that maybe painful, but illustrate how important semiconductors are. But because so many companies, including the ones you mentioned, hyperscalers, automotive companies, industrial companies, are all starting to invest and be it either architectures that contemplate the semiconductors or semiconductor development themselves. And so, it is time where the alignment between our capabilities and the need of the market are very active.
Aart de Geus: Well, it's actually quite broad because as an earlier question related to the people that in the past were not necessarily big customers, such as hyperscalers and automotive, these are people that fundamentally think down from the system, meaning they have big objectives to run big complex software, and now they need more compute, more capacity, better throughput, and all that. And all of that spells the same thing, which is advanced chips or combination of chips. And so they intersect with us mostly in two areas. One is how can you predict how fast the system will run by actually running software on emulators or prototypes. And secondly, how can you actually make the actual chips then even faster by really implementing the latest state-of-the-art technology and optimizing your architecture for just the tasks that they want to do. And this is where the use of AI to the design flow becomes particularly interesting because very often people start with chips that they already have and then they move to a new node – technology node. And simultaneously, they say, oh, let me optimize for a specific set of tasks. And that optimization can largely be automated with our tools. And so you see an acceleration everywhere, and acceleration has always been the name of the game in our field. And I would say those are sort of the two biggest drivers of our business.
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well let's start with the overall question. It's hard to predict how well others will do, and in many ways, we do well when the entire industry does well. But we do have certainly a position where many of our technologies are extremely competitive at this point in time. And it is a point in time where a number of customers are looking to line up with suppliers that they trust over a longer haul because they clearly see that the advances that are happening right now and coming demand a lot of technology and a lot of support. Now you mentioned fusion, and I'm glad you did because as you well know, this is an area that we have invested in for many, many years with the concept being that instead of running succession of independent tools, having multiple tools essentially collaborate, if I can use that term to get to a better result was the essence of fusion, and fusion is working very well. And as we mentioned in the preamble, growing very well. But it's doubly meaningful because a fusion is also a key ingredient in now layering on top of that, this notion of artificially driving autonomous design flows. And the fact that we can access many, many different technologies inside a fusion to have an AI algorithm learn and get better results as been just astoundingly exciting to see. And in many ways to me feels like literally the early days of Synopsys, where at that time, synthesis was almost like a miracle. Well, it was not a miracle, it was a lot of hard work, but it was capabilities the computer had that exceeded what a human can do. And we see exactly the same here. So I expect that this will be an area that brings many of the things that we have together to drive things forward. Now not to repeat too much what I said earlier. The other half of that equation is what are the chips for. And the chips are fundamentally for executing task given by a system that runs software. And so the desire to make that software run faster is unstoppable. Well, one way to do that is to say, well, what if we designed the system, the hardware system just for certain types of software. And that is what is everybody is doing right now. They're essentially creating new architectures for specific applications that then can run blindingly fast. And so the intersection between the application and the hardware is therefore a place where one need to be able to predict how good the results will be. And that is what all these effort have been in the prototyping, the emulation and so on. Now, the third area I want to mention, and I understand it's slightly adjacent to EDA. Although I would look at it as EDA surrounded is IP. And one of the great accelerators in the history of design has been to have more and more accomplished IP blocks that have enormous functionality in the most advanced silicon technologies, which are difficult to build. And so the combination of those things is what gives us a sense that for the coming years, we're in a very strong position. And by the way, we are applying that same AI that I mentioned before also to IP block. So there's an integration of the whole solutions space.
Aart de Geus: Well, excellent question. And your question had some of the answers in it. You mentioned essentially support and consulting, and I would put those together, which is that no matter what’s the business – or how do business grows, some of that grows with it. But on top of that, there's an additional benefit of using our consulting, which is that we bring skills that a number of our customers have a difficulty getting themselves or growing themselves. And if these skills can be used to actually help them reduce their time delay until the chips are done, that is of extremely high value. So that will continue. You mentioned synthesis and custom, and of course, synthesis was our very first product. So after 34 years, we're still investing in that because they're still upside, except that synthesize is now more and more called the super AI, right. That's the new version of this. Custom is an area that we have invested in for quite a while, and actually has done well this year and continues to grow in an excellent fashion, so good area. There is two that you didn't mention. One is 3DIC, which is the ability to bring together very, very tightly, extremely complex chips. And that will grow as the hunger for more transistors will be unavailable.  And lastly, SLM, Silicon Lifecycle Management. This is a new area for us. We have invested in it both organically and through some acquisitions. And it's particularly interesting because the notion of putting inside of chips the sensors that then can essentially diagnose if the chip is still healthy, grows an importance as systems become more complex and as systems go into applications, that could be human endangering such as a autonomous driving car, for example. And so this is an area that's finding a lot of interest where we are making very rapid advances and with the sensors that we put inside of the chips, we've also put some AI inside of the chip and some AI outside so that one can learn from chips over their lifecycle. So this will take a little bit of time until it's really embedded in broad adoption, but it is extremely powerful capability that we're very excited about.
Aart de Geus: Yes. I would second that. I think it is a gradual increase of the importance of what we do, but also of the breadth of the capabilities that we offer. And so we do see this as a multiyear opportunity, and I'm certainly on record. Having said many times that the moments that AI starts would have impact in verticals, the hunger from the vertical down for more silicon will be unstoppable. And so from that perspective, we are at the right place at the right time with a lot of the very capabilities that will help our customers differentiate themselves. So our expectations are high. We know that delivering is always hard work. But as Trac said, our overall direction has continued to improve over the last years in terms of the guidance we're giving you.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, for sure, I believe that as the semiconductor industry is doing better and better, we certainly are close to them, and that is a positive for us. When you say, well, some of the new technologies become more expensive, that is true, they also deliver a lot more capabilities and because they're more expensive, you need to be really careful how you design with these. And this is exactly where I think our role increase is an important doesn't decrease. And so while we have multi-year contracts with our customers, that is certainly an opportunity to gradually feather up as we deliver more value to this entire industry. That in itself is so seminal in what all the verticals we'll be able to do over the years to come. So I see it as a positive. I know that some of the point increases in pricing are just have to do with shortages. These will go over way over time. That's not what builds value. What builds value is that semiconductors are clearly and visibly, so more important to the future that they were perceived in the path, and that is a good thing.
Aart de Geus: Oh, it's absolutely a good way to think about it because for every major advance, we will make exactly the argument that you make, which is, use our tools, you will be better off. At the same time, many of our customers say, yes, that's great because now I'm going to use the engineering time that I save to become even more competitive against my competition. And this is a normal phenomenon in our field, which is a constant acceleration of how quick the race is run. And these accelerations invariably happen when there are great opportunities. And so we saw that definitely in the early days of computation in the networking, the mobility wave, the race was on for faster chip, lower power chips. And now I think the race is absolutely on for share of computation, share of AI and so on. And so our customers see a very positive future, but they understand perfectly well that their competitors see it too and therefore, the race is on again. Be it as it may the fact that we have sometimes discontinuous advances, these are great opportunity moments from a competitive point of view for us, for a differentiation point of view for our customers. And so we will absolutely try to do as much as possible what you suggest. And this is one of the reasons why we have a positive confidence also in the coming not just year, but years.
Aart de Geus: Sure. First, I would like to thank all of you for having supported and interacting with us during this past year. The interaction of course is very COVID limited. But at the same time, we hope that you had all the information that you needed from us and the access. Secondly, we also thank you because this was a very strong year for us and we all know that at a time like this, this is important and our outlook is solid as well. And lastly, I hope for all of you that you remain healthy with your families and your friends. We all know that this story is unfortunately not over yet, and so we'll do our best to deliver against your expectations. Be well.
Trac Pham: Gal, can I also add to that. Operationally, in over the last few years, as we've increased operating margins by over 800 basis points, we have also been very active in investing in the business across all areas. And what you're seeing this year and certainly the overachievement really is a reflection of the momentum that we're seeing in the business, and that's what's giving us a lot of confidence operationally. And while we're raising our long-term growth objectives, we are simultaneously committing to driving margin expansion as well. So we really do believe there is going to be significant opportunities to create value over the long-term.
Trac Pham: Yes. I would characterize it more as not providing a cap on margins. We do see opportunities for us to expand margins over time. And with this long-term financial model, we're giving you the more clarity and specific details about how we're going to deliver mid-teens earnings growth over time. There's no change in terms of how we're approaching margins, we will continue to drive it very actively.
Trac Pham: Sure. The $6.9 billion, I would characterize it as twofold. One is really strong business momentum and very good growth in annual run rates for the business that we renewed this year. In addition, we also saw several large customers expand their commitments to us, and it's just really a reflection of their confidence in our product and the technology that we're delivering. So very good – I think very good confidence in terms of establishing the growth rates for the next several years.
Trac Pham: Certainly. Hey, Joe. Two things I will add. One is we had visibility to the profile of hardware and IP, and just given the timing of deliveries. And this is just really the first time for us to give you specific guidance on that. And it just happens to be – we've been seeing the momentum for IP and hardware build up as well as the rest of the business build up. And Q1 reflects the time of when they're actually pulling down the IP and when they want their hardware deliveries. To your broader question, I would just say that the results in 2021 and the outlook that we have for 2022 really reflects a strong momentum in both hardware and IP. We had record revenues for hardware in 2021. And keep in mind that is compared to a year in 2020, where it was pretty significantly backend loaded. And so for us to grow on top of that is pretty significant. And then IP, as Aart mentioned earlier, it’s a $1 billion business growing at 20%. So it's really showing really good momentum.
Trac Pham: It depends on how you're looking at IP, Jason. Just keep in mind that the – in our supplement, the IP systems line includes other businesses as well. But overall the segments – I think the segments you're spot on with regards to segment growth.
Trac Pham: Yes. Certainly, there weren't really anything unusual about it either from our ability to fulfill or the customer pushing or pulling it in. It's really just the timing of how things match up. And from seasonality perspective, we typically don't see much seasonality. Over the last couple years, Q4 and the back half has been – the business has been more backend loaded, particularly in Q4. This year other than the unusually strong Q1, the first half, second half profile is pretty even, it's like a 51-49 split in line with what we've seen in the past in terms of the balance. So other than the Q1, which is a reflection of normal standard timing of demand, it's actually a pretty good profile for the year. I think it's certainly a better risk profile than we've seen in the last couple of years.
Trac Pham: Hey, Jay. Another way that you might look at the investments are, we are doing really well across the board. We're not looking at areas of the business that is problematic that requires lots of investments. So we're in a situation over the next few years, we're able to thoughtfully and very targetedly across the broad portfolio – and you're going to see continued improvements across all of the business as a result of that.
Trac Pham: Well, let me start with the numbers and then Aart can provide some color on the context. Vivek, just for a broader view of it, historically, we've talked about EDA growth in high single-digits. And that actually was an increase in our model from several years ago when we described it as a medium – mid to high single-digit growth business for us. When we describe it as double digits, we really do see it as a multiyear, not just one-year effort, but we do see it as a multiyear opportunity to grow the double-digit. So that's a pretty substantial and substantive increase for us to describe that growing from high single-digit to double-digit over an extended period of time. And really it reflects the confidence in the portfolio, the various pieces of the portfolio that contributes to EDA growth.
Trac Pham: Okay. Let me start with your first question. Pradeep, there really was no shift in IP or hardware. And keep in mind that this is the third year that we're operating under the new 606 rules for revenue. And IP gets recognized as revenue when our customers draw down that IP from our website. The timing of IP and hardware really reflects when they want those shipments and when they want that IP. And that hasn't shifted from one quarter to another, that just happens to be what it matches up their development schedules. And so there's really no normalized profile of that. And that's why we often refer to it as being very lumpy. With regards to backlog, the $6.9 billion of backlog, we don't guide on what the projections are going forward. But as we said that quarter-to-quarter, it will vary. In Q4, we saw strong growth in run rate on the deals that we booked. And we also saw significant – several large significant renewals. The duration during the quarter was a little bit longer than three years. But overall – our overall model is about three years. The $6.9 billion just reflects a convergence of strong bookings and then several large renewals.
Trac Pham: Yes. Let me start with – our business continues to be a three-year duration-type business and that hasn't changed. On any given quarter might run a little lower or higher depending on what the specific customer requirements are. But as we've seen, if you look at our history, it tends to trend around that three-year range. With regards to the expanded commitment, it is dollar size, it is the breadth of the products that they are purchasing. And in this case in Q4, some of these deals that linked with the deal, but they are – that's not typically the norm and we don't necessarily see our business growing in terms of duration.
