Aart J. de Geus: Thanks, Rich. It's a good question. We have indeed seen a little bit of that with some of the government-related businesses that are just a little bit more careful before committing to whatever renewal they may have. At the same time, that is a relatively small portion of our business and is completely overshadowed by the much bigger companies, certainly bigger in terms of their EDA spending, that are driving all the commercial markets and the global markets. And so I just happen to know of one case where what you said is true, and that's all I know. So it's not very heavy on our mind.
Aart J. de Geus: So I do not think it's the normal progression. And actually, one of the reasons I'm bullish on FinFET, in general, is because I think FinFET heralds another decade of Moore's Law. And that's a pretty bold statement given how many people have said, well, it's all getting too expensive, too difficult, which are all sort of true statements. But the fact is from being an interesting idea 2 years ago to at least one company having already a shift in production FinFET capabilities to now all the key manufacturers really raising forward to get this capability, you can, at a minimum, see an industry that's making a big bet that FinFET adds new life to Moore's Law. And in my opinion, there's actually a fairly simple explanation why it's good and it's a difficult explanation on how do you make it work, which is that FinFETs have the potential over this continually and performance power ratio. And power has been one of the key limiters in modern semiconductors. The fact that it's difficult is actually something we love because Synopsys is focused on making problems like that go away. And in that context, I'm not surprised at all that there are heavy investments in simulation, in modeling. I think we have the place and routes and things already completely under control. And so now the next phase is really for the semiconductor industry to arrive at good yields for this, and that will take a couple of years. But I wouldn't be surprised if a number of design companies go fairly light on the 20-nanometer node because they really want to go full bore on the FinFET wave. And so there's a lot of work that we have and can do with those companies. And from that perspective, I think it bodes well for the EDA industry.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think that for any given company, you can have up and down years partially because that's just the reality of when people buy something, they may buy a lot and then they don't buy that much the subsequent year. I wouldn't make too much out of these ups and downs. I think in general, there's no question that verification is a big topic, that's going to be bigger as we see even more transistors and even bigger systems needing to be verified. In the emulation field, of course, everybody hopes that they have the gold standard of technology. But the reality there is that there are different needs and applications. And I think we will see steady growth for all the players. So I expect it to be a healthy market even if there may be quarter-to-quarter some ups and downs.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, as you know, we have multiple ways to use the cash, and M&A is something that you have to sort of build up towards. And so at any point in time, we want to maintain a certain amount of cash level. We have a little bit of debt that we are very gradually buying back. That is just a good health discipline. In that context, the 2 things that we really trade off is M&A versus buybacks. And we contemplate both pretty much all the time. And so we have an open authorization from the board. We have done it in the past. We are certainly well versed in understanding that decreasing the share count is a good thing. At the same time, doing good acquisitions grows the business going forward. And as you well know, we don't comment much about any M&A we may do. But fundamentally, our strategies at Synopsys have not changed. In terms of dividend, that is not a pathway that we have chosen to date, and we are not really contemplating it right now either.
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, I think that number feels in the right ballpark, although I don't recall exactly what times we may have given. One of the reasons, to be honest, I don't quite recall the guidance, is once we start integrating, it is quite surprising how quickly the old companies fade away largely because we have the benefit of a much broader sales force and a broader market appeal. And the products get either integrated or associated with other things that we sell. Having said that, I think the progress on integration is actually quite good. We have no big surprises to deal with. We are, of course, looking immediately at areas where we can strengthen the technology or areas where customers are looking at us now having a broader portfolio. And in general, the verification field is one where we clearly added a lot of capabilities. Lastly, the ultimate barometer, of course, is the customer reaction. The initial reactions have been very positive. And so the next 12-month reactions is, of course, in terms of so, how much do they buy, and that will be the metric against which we measure our success.
Aart J. de Geus: There are a lot of different estimates on that. One of them says that today, about 50% is outsourced. But having literally just had the, not exactly that discussion but a similar discussion yesterday with the product -- the vice president of marketing of group, he was commenting that it's not only that percentage itself that is relevant, it's also the fact that IP we use in general is growing. And so I think right now, we see a good horizon for our capabilities because it is growing, also because the type of IP is becoming more and more complex. And again, that plays well to our strength. So it's an area that, while demanding investments to build the IP, I think the business potential is good for us.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, in one word, mobile, right? Mobile just drives everything still like crazy for a couple of reasons. A, it's super high volume. And so that gets everybody's attention, and therefore, there's also a high attention being put on the price of the chips. But secondly is because everything mobile is limited in its performance by the power consumption. And so any promise that one could have more capabilities with, let's say, the same power, because that's typically what happens, is of high value in future product differentiation. I do not expect that to change at all. Now around mobility, of course, is the whole infrastructure that has to support this. Sometimes people call it the cloud. Sometimes people call it the compute centers but -- or data centers. And they are essentially a reflection of not only the amount of -- the number of mobile devices but also the tremendous traffic that is engendered by them. Both of these -- those will continue. The number of companies that are leading this is not super large but is very, very focused and very aggressive. And so that is why I have a high degree of confidence that as soon as FinFET yields well, we're going to see a lot of activity there.
Aart J. de Geus: Yes and no. China has been growing in general over the last few years. And in parallel to that, the technical competence has steadily moved up. And so now there are a few players in China that do very advanced design. And of course, they tend to quickly also become the biggest spenders in that geography. Even so, they are still relatively small compared to the really very large international companies that have been leading the field. But I think this will steadily grow, and we are doing particularly well with them because of the advanced nodes. So I think we are increasingly in a very global world that includes China and the technology just follow suit.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, just to clarify, there are 2 types of 3D. One is inside of the chip, which is 3D, often referred to as the FinFET, a vertical transistor. The other 3D that's often used as a term is the stacking in various forms of multiple chips. And for a while, people looked at the second one as an alternative just in case the 3D transistor wasn't coming about. Well, I think the 3D transistor is absolutely coming about, which doesn't negate the need for the second one, but I think that will take its time. When you're talking about things like EUV, you're talking about a whole new form of photolithography. And the jury is still very, very much out in terms of how economically viable this is and when it becomes economically viable. And so most of the investments that go in that direction are in the equipment manufacturing industry. And yes, we touch it a little bit because we have some R&D efforts in photolithography and how to model these things. But from a volume or big deployment point of view, I think it's premature to look at that as a major business.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, if I may slightly correct the perception, we actually have done quite a bit of very good business with memory providers. And there's a lot of simulation that gets done for all of the different memory types. And moreover, memories today are so large that you have to build in all the logic to fix them because almost no memory is perfect. And so they have a lot of self-correcting capabilities, and that actually demands some of the place and route tools. And so it is clearly its own segment. But as a segment per se, we have done quite well with it, and we expect it to continue to grow.
Aart J. de Geus: Okay. Well, let me first characterize where this comes from. We've been talking now for a number of years that we enter a year typically with an objective to be high single-digit growth and that we characterize that over a long period of time as the core being in the mid-single digit and then some of the other capabilities such as IP being in double digit. And this all sort of adds up to high single-digit growth. Now having said that, the last 2 years, we clearly exceeded on that. Right now, we just communicated that we are very solidly in double-digit growth for this year, so we anticipate. And so clearly, we have done better in pretty much all the categories than our steady-state model. We just don't give -- we don't want to give an impression that you can just look at many years out and assume that is always the case. You have to work for it. And so in that context, this year, I think we will do better than these assumptions. Clearly, from an overall market growth point of view, in our industry, we're doing very well. And because of that, our focus is already completely moved towards '14 and '15. And last but not least, much of this is sold in fairly complex schools of technology that mix and match a little bit of everything. And so there's always a slight degree of artificiality to pinpoint the exact growth. But I do you think that in our industry, and specifically for Synopsys, we have a wave of pretty good organic growth.
Aart J. de Geus: Okay, a very good technical question. Just to -- for the benefit of everybody, let me make sure you understand what we're talking about. When we're talking about FinFETs, we're talking about transistors that right now, most of the industry is focusing on a very small dimension. And I won't go into too much specifics because different companies are very guarded, rightfully so, on what they do. But typically, it is below 20 nanometers. The connections between these transistors, there's a variety of approaches, from above 20-nanometer to below 20-nanometer. And again, different players are looking at different configurations of how to go to market and how to get yields and how to differentiate themselves. As you go below 20-nanometer for many of these dimensions, it becomes mandatory, in many cases, to not have a single flash of light to illuminate a mask, but multiple flashes of light. That's called double patterning. I won't go into any deeper on the technology than that. But it is very sophisticated because it uses the addition and subtraction of light in order to get much more refinement to the picture. You have to think a little bit about how you probably in grad school developed photographs in a dark lab. In order to get it really sharp, you need very good lenses, and we apply all kinds of tricks to that. Having said that, our tools today are completely conversant with double patterning. And that is the necessity to go to the smaller geometries. We're also conversant with the FinFET structures. And so our tools have been used for FinFET chips that are on the market, in production today. They are being used for pretty much all of the tape-outs for the new chips coming out. And so from that perspective, there's a lot of tuning that will happen between now and high-yield FinFETs. But the fundamental technology, as far as Synopsys is concerned, is in place.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, thank you so much for attending this call. As you saw through our results and through the fact that we increased our guidance, we feel that we have good results and a good outlook going forward. And so we appreciate your comments and questions. And as usual, Brian and I will be available for some follow-ups today. Have a good rest of the afternoon.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, maybe what I can do is just kind of break out some of the significant overachievements in the quarter and how that profiles into the rest of the year. So first off, in terms of the achievements, we had about $0.06 flow-through as a result of the federal R&D tax credits for both '12 and '13. And that means about $0.04 for '12 and about $0.02 for the first quarter of '13. We had some improvements on other income that related to mark-to-market adjustments we had for our currency hedges. And we don't expect that to reiterate again for the rest of the year. And then we had some operational improvements, a little bit higher revenue, a little bit less in terms of spending. And then as you say, we did increase our overall guidance by about $0.09, which reflects that, plus the continuing R&D tax credit for quarters 2 through 4. So that gives us the additional $0.03 just coming from the tax side. So the rest of the year, we look at it. It's still early on. It obviously gives us the flexibility of making the target investments we need to invest in for providing that longer-term growth such as the IP areas. And again, happy to see we now have top line double-digit growth in '13 and top line bottom line growth as well.
Brian M. Beattie: And maybe, Tom, if I may just add to that as well. Of course, as you know, buybacks require U.S. cash to be able to enact that. And we're currently sitting after the end of our first quarter with about $150 million in U.S. cash. And again, we anticipate that amount -- apart from M&A discussions, we expect that amount to continue to grow from now until the end of the year as well, which gives us more flexibility on that side, too.
Brian M. Beattie: That's correct, yes. We had just a number of add-ons where customers already have a 3-year deal. And then they look towards the end of the contract expiry and say, "Hey, we just need another 1-year addition to what we already have in place to handle some additional seats and applications." So that's how they look at it. Our average, again, for the year, we'll say, is the 2.7 to 2.8 years. And just based on the first quarter that came in at 2.4, we think it will revert back to the mean.
Brian M. Beattie: Absolutely. Yes, we're still on track on the operating margin question, to be approximately 100 basis points improvement, which builds on last year's 100-basis-point improvement as well. When we look at the profile, again, the R&D tax credit is great and then it provided us that flexibility. As we look at the whole year, we've seen a very good first quarter come through, forecast also a very strong second quarter. And then as we just look at it in terms of tweaking the overall quarterly profile of expenses to maintain that double-digit EPS growth as well for the year. And in the second half is typically where you see the impact coming from compensation increases that are in place from our facilities around the world. We see that factor coming in, some increased headcount as a result of the investments. And these investments in the second half are really essential as we drive continued growth through '14 and beyond. So again, we're just targeting those investments towards the back half of the year, and that's what's factored into our profile.
Brian M. Beattie: Not really, no. I'd just stay with the total year expectation around expenses that we were addressing. And it just reflects from quarter to quarter the amount of profile towards the business levels that come through. And other than that, it comes in a little bit this quarter and the next quarter goes back up, that type of thing. It just moves around. So again, it's just some of the hiring, some of the headcount that came in a little bit lighter than we anticipated, and anticipate that picking up again in the second quarter and beyond.
Brian M. Beattie: No, it's about a $0.01 each over the next 3 quarters. So it's about $0.05 for FY '13 and about $0.04 for FY '12. That makes up your $0.09 profile.
Brian M. Beattie: It's a little bit more towards the fourth quarter, but almost even, just a little bit higher in the fourth, based on the profile we've got right now. And again, those compensation increases kick in about the June timeframe, and then the rest is profile of the investment and headcount growth that we've got. So it kind of leans a little bit towards the fourth but not too far off the third.
Brian M. Beattie: Good questions. Okay, Jay, let me run through that. On the first one about the services business and our IP business. Over the last 18 months or so, we've seen a small shift in the makeup of the business. So we now see a significant amount of what we call percentage completion on contracts entering from a number of the acquisitions we've done. And as we advance to really some incredible technologies, we have to get in and tweak some of the software that goes into the IP. And when you look at things like percentage completion and deliverables of that, as well as the hardware business now related to both emulation and our hardware prototyping businesses, those have a slightly different profile relative to our traditional 3-year businesses. So again, just as I say, tweaking the profiles of that. Hardware is typically taken upfront. The percentage completion on services is exactly that as the job gets done. But it's typically over a 6-months period and not a 3-year window as a traditional license is taken. So apart from that, anything else is just coincidental based on timing of those deliverables and when we make the commitment. On your cash flow question, as we look at the total year, again, still feel comfortable with approximately $350 million of good cash inflow for the year. And relative to tax benefits and other things that go through, again, it just kind of comes into account for where the specific cash flows are forecast originally. And again, this is predominantly a U.S. R&D tax credit. So obviously, it has an impact on our U.S. taxes payable. And we're in pretty good shape based on that, and it helps build up NOLs and other tax elements for us going forward. So no change to the overall forecast. I think it's a good, solid number. And the other point you brought up about amortizations and capital and all the rest, there's really no change in those numbers for the year.
