Aart de Geus: Yeah so, on the core tools the picture has not changed where it’s always very difficult to exactly predict what one will do four quarters from now. In general, I don’t think that we would say anything fundamental has changed. On the IP and actually some of the other products that tend to be much more turn oriented, meaning you do a transaction and you will turn that some of that transaction to revenue within 12 months. About a quarter of the Synopsys business falls into that category, which is by definition always make a little bit more noise on how to predict that transition. In that context, the IP deals have become more complex and are relying on a broader set of products, some of which gets delivered when the customer wants them. And the very fact that they predict that they will want something this year or next year is a function of where they are going, and some of it is predicated on when the development is finished. And the positive in that is that a number of customers are really relying quite heavily for us on all the FinFET technologies and those have their own timeline. And so as we did our own modeling which we do on a continual basis, looking forward with all these it became clear that tuning the revenue a little bit was the right thing to do. At the same time, we have said many times we focus on the earnings per share and so we manage that company for that commitment.Richard Valera – Needham & Company, LLC: That’s helpful color. Thank you, Aart.
Aart de Geus: Well we never disclose individual products, but clearly we see this as an opportunity to grow our business and our company overall. Most importantly, we also see it as a key ingredient in our verification strategy and a lot of the technical effort right now is focused on the integration of that product line with all the other technologies that we have. Stay tuned there will be more information coming out about that specifically in not too distant future, and it’s clearly a field that continues to evolve very rapidly.Krish Sankar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thanks, Aart. Thanks Brian.
Aart de Geus: Well, I think you have to start with the big picture which is of course in the last four, five years global GDP has languished. Semiconductors has done significantly better than that, but semiconductors are not growing enormously fast. However, the technology demands are growing enormously fast. And so, in many ways, customers are for starters, between this squeeze off, how do I get the money and how do I pay for all the new good stuff? Secondly, there are some markets where there has just been increase in concentration, all the way to some markets that tend to be sort of winner takes all, in terms of behavior. And so there, another dynamic is at play which is how do customers do create critical math. And that often results in either acquisitions within a product line or outright company mergers for math and for size and so all of these changes are relatively difficult to execute well. And so that is why if you look at some of the what’s called, the confidence in indexes that look at semiconductors exact [inaudible] month are you it’s quite remarkable how these things isolate between 48% to 52% and 50% of the intermediate between happy or unhappy. So, that life in the semiconductor lane right now and so it’s not a surprise that customers are cautious, may be cautious is not even the right word, they are just managing within the budgets that they have. Now having said that, I think we have Synopsys only executed in terms of growth over quite a number of these years and we expect to continue to do that. But we have hard work and that’s our job.
Aart de Geus: Somewhat, I think certainly there is number of cases where what you said is absolutely correct. There are number of cases where they do larger VPAs where either the take up of the IP or the availability on part of the IP is impacted by both their timeline and our timeline. And so those are sometimes very difficult to predict, they are good signs because they are signs of customers trusting us with their future. But sometimes it’s just a little bit more difficult to predict. And as you surely can see from my earlier comments around the stress levels of technology, for our customers they moved to FinFET is a pretty big decision. We see the large guys have all gone to it after investing. This is the next segment of customers that’s just now sort of moving into that domain.
Aart de Geus: Let me not do that, partially because until this is closed, I should not really speak about that company beyond what is reasonably public knowledge. What I can say certainly is that more than half of their customers today, are in the semiconductor segment that we know well. And that’s of course where we initially encountered them, but it is quite interesting that at least quarter to a third, are pretty far away from where Synopsys resides. But you can immediately see how important quality is in software is just taking out the financial services or banking services, but we’re also taking about people doing oil research or aeronautics research. There is a lot of software being developed. And I think the interesting insight here I hope that plays out going forward, for a number of decades the level of quality for hardware have to be extremely high, because an error can force people to redo their chip. And right there is often a multi-million dollar decision. Whereas an error in software could also be fixed by a patch, well that is true if your software is not too complicated. When the software becomes very intertwined with many other things, so we have truly systemic complexity, which we know well on the hardware side, and that is why my hope is that over time, a number of the techniques that Synopsys has pioneered will also apply to the broader software world.
Aart de Geus: Sure. So for starters, it’s interesting that the numbers that you cited, when we started Synopsys, we would have loved to have numbers like that. And it took quite a while to build up the transactions and relationships that we have with our customers today, it took many years and of course, the sales approaches quite a bit what for us has been like 25, 27 years or so. Having said that though, I think you’re still pointing your finger at an interesting set of questions which is there will be a number of questions that initially are brand new customers that are new to using tools around software. And there one will gradually penetrate that market, there are some customers that very quickly will realize if the software works well and its impact how can they move to larger volumes, how can they broaden the utilization or how can they even do what we at Synopsys did, which ultimately mandates the software utilization? Now I don’t think that there is much correlation between this and what we do in the custom world, except for the one area that I think is interesting in long term which is the intersection between digital and custom is clearly visible in the Internet of things. The Internet of things is full of things that have software embedded and so when you look at that in aggregate, this is precisely what I always refer to as systemic complexity very multi-dimensional set of things. I think right now this is all looking far forward. The way we should look at Coverity it is new time that is existing today on the very focused area of quality and testing and security of software. And just focusing on that alone will be our first challenge. The reason I said some of these other things is just because I see a natural adjacency for both our technology and market position.Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. Couple more for you Aart, regarding the bigger picture of the market. You mentioned that you are seeing some improved penetration or consolidation on some accounts, with your largest customer you clearly have the large majority of the customer spent. The question is are you seeing a trend where you are now have become the majority of a greater number of customer spend? Is that a trend at all? Go on, sorry.
Aart de Geus: So at this point in time, let me thank you again for joining us for this call. Hopefully you took away from it that Synopsys is in good shape as a company and has just made a very interesting move to broaden our longer term opportunity space. As usual, Brian and I will be available for your comments and questions after the call. Thank you very much. Have a good afternoon.
