Brian Beattie: Yes, let me cover that one. Again, it's fairly early in the year, right? We just completed our first quarter, and we're very happy with better than expected results against all of our key metrics. Q2, with the visibility we already have, as you know, coming in with more than 90% of the quarter's revenues in hand shows a very strong quarter materializing for us. And as we look at the profile ahead for the rest of the year, we just guided in a way that says, "Look, we've got a good first half up and coming, a good performance." We're still in the middle of integrating our acquisitions. It's early in the year. And so again, we just had a good start to both revenue and the EPS targets that we set. So again, expense will fluctuate quarter to quarter, and overall, we're happy to say we're still on track.
Brian Beattie: Yes. It's just a seasonal -- if you look at our performance from Q1, typically, the accrued expenses are lighter than the rest of the profile for the year and then it picks up to a more normal path. And that's where I was giving a little bit more clarity around expenses to be roughly flat each quarter for the rest of the year. So again, just Q1, it's very typical to be a little bit lighter and then the rest of the year comes through since we do those accruals regularly over the year.
Brian Beattie: Yes, that's right. We're showing a very strong increase in our second quarter from our first quarter just looking at the profile of the way the revenue's going to be recognized and then at this point in time, anticipate just a very slight decline into Q3 and Q4 from the second quarter. All of it, again, built into our total year numbers which are between 8.5% and 10.5% revenue growth year-over-year.
Brian Beattie: Yes, that's correct. Our deferred revenues, you do take a pretty significant haircut up-front on that, and that was certainly the case with Virage. So typically, you start out -- it's our first full quarter with our Virage financials built into that and then over time, you'd anticipate seeing some of the growth in there. So yes, exclusively in that category of the Virage, it anticipates seeing growth quarter-over-quarter. But then putting that in the context of the $1.5 billion overall top-line revenue growth and where the contracts are specifically outlined, as you know, one of the elements of our business model is having a very high level of visibility, and so elements are going to go up. Some of the elements will get variations based on when cash is due, when the collections are expected to come in. And that's just that slight variation that we're seeing right now.
Brian Beattie: And, just early in the year. And with one quarter behind us, we are pleased with the results. And we'll update you again next quarter as Q2 materializes, and we'll have even more visibility in the second half.
Brian Beattie: Well, our average balance, as I said, is to have less than 10% up-front activity. And even with the significant level of new acquisitions last year, we're still well within that range of less than 10%. This quarter came in at 7%. So just relative to modeling, if it was a little bit of each, I think it's just the appropriate way in a generic sense of how to look at the profile going forward.
Aart de Geus: In general, I wouldn't pay too much attention to that. On average, the license duration is pretty much the same. Q1 tends to be a smaller quarter, and moreover, we alluded to the fact that we had a few deals that were sort of not necessarily renewals but more additions. And they tend to be shorter, because somebody buys something until the end of their contract, or they may buy some additional IP or so. In general, though, we do not see a fundamental change in the business practices for us, and we remain very solidly centered around the three years.
Aart de Geus: Okay. On the outlook side, we have, of course, a fairly broad analog/mixed-signal business. And in that business, we have a strong position in all the verification side. We have a emerging position on the implementation side. In addition, there are interesting connections between that business and the digital tools, as well as the IP. And on all fronts, we're actually making very good progress. I highlighted the fact that on the verification, we had just fielded some very good speed improvements. On the implementation, we have a number of customer adoptions. This is still a very small business, and obviously, we're playing in a field that has been completely dominated by one competitor for many decades, but the solidity of what we have is actually starting to make some marks. And overall, the fact that we have all of these technologies at hand as we develop the most advanced analog/mixed-signal IP is turning out to be a very good value for us. Regarding the growth rates for what we would call sometimes core EDA or traditional EDA, we've told you that what we're banking on is low- to mid-single digit growth, and that appears to be on track so far. It's only our first quarter. We're in the right direction.
Aart de Geus: Sure. And as you probably know, this is a business that is very much aligned with the IP, because fundamentally, it's predicated on the fact that with much, much larger designs, people are both moving up in terms of how they assemble these large designs out of many IT blocks. And as they do that, they get confronted with the reality of there being a lot of software there. And so for those of you not familiar with our path, as much as we have had a few tools, literally, for 20 years at the high end, it is really the last two, three years that we've put a major emphasis on investing both internally and acquiring a number of technologies, all with the objective to provide people an opportunity to model their system or prototype their system, be it in software or in hardware. With the acquisitions of last year, we are in full integration mode right now. And what is exciting is that we've been able to find a good pathway that allows us to both integrate into a new, much more integrated and more powerful version while sustaining and supporting all the existing customers, because the various products we bought also came with a set of customer relationships that are quite broad in terms of the nature. And being able to continue to support them is very valuable, because they are providing us the feedback on where to go with this. So my expectation is that later on in this year, we will be rolling out the first round of integration. There will be multiple rounds. And so far, the customer response is very positive.
Aart de Geus: Yes and no, but I don't think that we're quite ready to give the specifics, because there are always people that are very worried about, "Oh, well, is it mine? Is it the other one?" And the reality is we have found a pathway that actually creates sort of a superset of the best features of each one of the tools. We will give a bit of an update already in March at our next Users Group meeting. But in general, I think you should anticipate hearing more, I would say towards the end of the summer, roughly.
Aart de Geus: Well, yes, I'm not sure. Frankly, I don't know if we -- I'm sure we'll talk to customers at DAC as well, and all of these things are sort of work in progress. And because we're so much involved with many customers on different fronts on this topic, there's actually a lot to talk about. And I don't know if we, specifically, will roll out a product or not at that time frame. Frankly, that for us is not all that meaningful given that our own conferences are so extremely well attended and in aggregate, attract more people than DAC.
Aart de Geus: Tom, I think the seasonality is mostly in our orders. Just because compensation and the workload of much of the sales team tends to want to end at the end of a year, what happens is that in the fourth quarter, a lot of things tend to get closed. For all the renewals, that fundamentally has rarely much impact on revenue. It may have impact on expenses, because the commissions are due for some of these deals, and it may pull in a few things that are sort of add-ons, a la IP or things that were in the works anyway. I think that the last two or three questions seem to be all centered around the fact that, "Well, are you worried that the second half is worse than the first one." No, we're not. I think what we're just saying is that the first quarter and the second quarter happened to be particularly strong. There were also a couple of areas where there was a bit of almost an overhang in demand in prototyping that we're able to execute very quickly on, and many of those tend to be less renewals but more spot sales in the moment. Overall, the business picture is just quite solid for us. And as Brian has said, we have such a good insight in all the renewal deals with their unevenness. Now don't think that the sum of all the deals that we have is an exactly perfectly flat line. The reality is never quite that simple. But it is true that with 80% to 90% in hand entering the year, we do have a substantial amount of insight. And that's why with the particularly strong Q2 guidance, we assume, "Hey, maybe Q3 and Q4 won't quite be that strong on a continuation," But so far, so good.
Aart de Geus: Well, there's a reason why you would come to that conclusion, because we have shifted our main financial objective a little bit. And we have shifted it to say our objective is to grow earnings per share. And as you well know, there are fundamentally only three variables, which is revenue, expenses and share count. And to make it simpler, we are trying to remove the share count out of this altogether by holding it flat with buybacks, notwithstanding that any given quarter may have some fluctuation. And so then you quickly come to the revenue versus expenses balance, and the key for us is to really hit the right balance, because if we see the opportunity to grow the top line a little bit more, we want to do that. And in that sense, we're using our expense money right now, already entirely focused on 2012 and beyond in order to maintain good earnings per share growth. If we see that, for whatever reason, the top- line growth is more difficult, we will immediately revert to a higher pressure on the operating margin so that we stay with our top objective of earnings per share growth.
Aart de Geus: Unfortunately, I don't think there's an update. There are sort of waves of debate in Washington, as you may know. And I wouldn't be surprised if this debate will keep coming back as every government in the world right now is looking for money. In that context, it's just completely unpredictable, and therefore, we don't want to count on that. Obviously, having the cash is a good thing, but we don't want to count on being able to repatriate it at this point in time.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, we actually made, I think, a little comment in the preamble saying that the contract renewals that we had were actually quite good in that we were able to increase our run rates. And as you know, while this is somewhat of a fuzzy number, because it's actually extremely complex to calculate and it's not audited, it is still a metric we use in-house to judge the overall quality of our business. And in that context, first quarter was quite good in that regard. Secondly, we said while there were a few additions that were sort of one-off, so to speak, and I think those are all indications that our customers are looking for some additional technology from Synopsys or some additional capacity, and that bodes well. Going forward, we do see a good pipeline of renewal, and so far, all indications are that we're well on track with that.
Aart de Geus: I don't think it is that big. I think it's a healthy, healthy business, but relatively speaking, it's small compared to the overall picture. It's just one of many things that appear to be going well. If there's one thing that I think characterizes, not only Q1 but so far, as we can see, Q2 and as a matter of fact, the whole year, is I think we're executing particularly well on many strategies that are actually coming together. And many people realized that last year, we've made many acquisitions. We put many things in movement. We're in full integration of all of this. This is actually a substantial multiyear task, and things are coming together. We're fixing issues and making things better, more efficient, and the response from the customer base on all of those is actually quite positive. But that response has to be earned with every new product and with every new way of doing business. And so it's almost more that many pieces feel like they're coming together very nicely and that we're executing just quite well.
Aart de Geus: Well, we appreciate your attending today. Obviously, this was a quarter that was strong and had a good outlook. And that's probably the reason why the call is also fairly short, and so all the more we appreciate your questions and attending. And as usual, Brian and myself will be available a little bit later this afternoon for any follow-ups. Thank you.
