Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. Third quarter results, including record revenue and non-GAAP earnings, reflect strong momentum across the company. For the full year, we are on track to deliver mid-teens revenue growth, an increase in non-GAAP operating margin of more than 200 basis points, non-GAAP earnings per share growth of more than 20% and approximately $1.35 billion in operating cash flow. The combination of the dynamic markets we serve, the powerful impact of our products and solutions and customer results and our history of strong execution is the basis for us setting the goal of crossing $5 billion in revenue by 2023.  Now to the third quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $1.057 billion, up 10%, driven by broad-based strength across all product groups and geographies. Semiconductor & System Design segment revenue was $959 million, with solid growth in both EDA and IP. Software Integrity segment revenue was $98 million, and we are executing better than expected against our bookings plan for the year. As a result, we project that Software Integrity revenue growth will approach double digits for the full year, and we are solidly on the path to accelerate revenue growth to the 15% to 20% range long term.  Moving on to expenses. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $855 million, which includes approximately $15 million in restructuring costs. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $720 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 31.9%. We are on track to deliver operating margin expansion to approximately 30.5% for the year. Adjusted operating margin for the Semiconductor & System Design segment was 34% and Software Integrity margin was 9%.  Wrapping up the income statement. GAAP earnings per share were $1.27, non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.81.  Turning to cash. We generated $422 million in operating cash flow. We recently completed a $175 million stock buyback, bringing the total to the fiscal year to $573 million. And we ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.53 billion with total debt of $107 million.  For fiscal 2021, we are raising our revenue and non-GAAP operating margin and earnings guidance. Our targets are: revenue of $4.19 billion to $4.22 billion, an increase of $145 million at the midpoint, representing mid-teens growth; total GAAP costs and expenses between $3.431 billion and $3.459 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $2.915 billion and $2.925 billion, a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 30.5%; Other income and expenses between minus $6 million and minus $4 million; non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 16%; GAAP earnings of $4.63 to $4.79 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $6.78 to $6.83 per share, representing over 20% growth; cash flow from operations of approximately $1.35 billion and capital expenditures of approximately $90 million.  Now to the targets for the fourth quarter. Revenue between $1.138 billion and $1.168 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $924 million and $952 million, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $805 million and $815 million, GAAP earnings of $1.09 to $1.25 per share and non-GAAP earnings of $1.75 to $1.80 per share.  We will provide detailed 2022 guidance and our updated long-term financial objectives and assumptions we'll report next quarter. As part of that discussion, we will also provide an update of our normalized -- of our 3-year normalized non-GAAP tax rate, which is under review. Although we have not completed the assessment, I want to highlight that the rate may increase in light of the assumptions under review.  In conclusion, we delivered record revenue and non-GAAP earnings and strong operating cash flow. Based on our excellent results year-to-date and our outlook for Q4, we are substantially raising our targets for the full year and setting the goal of crossing $5 billion in revenue by 2023. This reflects an increase in our long-term revenue growth objectives to double digits and is also complemented by ongoing margin expansion. At the same time, we will continue to invest to further scale the business and drive increasing shareholder value going forward.  With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions. 
Trac Pham: Yes. Let me take that one. Joe, for the core fourth quarter really reflects continuing strength across all the businesses. We continue to ramp up on software. Hardware is better than expected. Same with IP. And then you're also seeing a progression on the Software Integrity business as well. So it's coming from all areas of the business. 
Trac Pham: I think all those things that you touched on, John -- Tom will help the operating leverage. The really -- the 2 biggest ones are continue to grow revenues. And in fact, we're raising the outlook for revenue growth. Secondly, the things that really move the needle are the investments in the business and making sure that we're investing in the areas that are going to give us the biggest returns.  You're also seeing strong results in the growth in revenues for this year because of changes and improvements that we've made on the go-to-market side, both on the semi and the SIG side, Software Integrity side. Those big drivers as well as a ton of work across the company in so many different areas, including the items that you mentioned is what is going to help us continue to drive operating margins up over the next several years. 
Trac Pham: Well, I want to be careful by getting into the details on next year, but the math over the next couple of years really is off of the current guidance for '21, Gary. 
Trac Pham: Yes, certainly. The -- when we file the Q, the backlog, you'll see is $4.7 billion. And as we've cautioned you and others in the past backlog, while it's a big number, we'll move from quarter-to-quarter, right, depending on what gets renewed and what gets recognized as revenue.  I think this quarter is a very emphatic support of that, that we can raise the year by $145 million at the midpoint and see backlog move the other way. So overall, really, the guidance and the outlook for the year is a reflection of the strong growth in the deals that we're booking and our confidence in our ability to continue to drive that strong renewals. 
Trac Pham: Jay, can I just emphasize Aart's comment on the restructuring before I get to your question because if you look at the operating margin results over the last 3 years. We've increased it by 8 points since the low of '18, right? And so there has been a lot of changes across the company. And so while we have been able to grow the business, reinvest in the business, we're simultaneously making a lot of that change. And so there is good opportunity for us to sustain that going forward. And so it's not a new skill that we have to acquire and develop. This is something that we've been working on for many years now. And so this practice of driving to higher profitability in the next few years is going to be more of the same, but more hard work because we're off -- we're working off a pretty high base.  With regards to the customer concentration, I think the -- while the reality is we're still working on finalizing the budgets for next year and the plans for the next couple of years, what we are seeing is really strong -- strength across the broad product sets and strength across the broad customer base. And there's enough confidence in our ability to execute against that, that we feel willing to go out and commit to $5 billion by '23. So it's very, very much broad-based. 
Trac Pham: Short answer is yes. Let me give you some color about how we're thinking about SIG. If you remember, at the beginning of the year, we said that we're going to make some changes and to get the business back on a growth path of 15% to 20%. And what we said was for this current year that we would exit the year at double digits, right, because it would take time for the improvements in bookings to translate to revenue. And that by Q4, our goal is to exit the year in double digits.  We are now, in fact, approaching double digits for the full year and not just exiting. So I think the momentum clearly has been progressively improving. And I think if you recall the tone throughout the year, I think it was kind of cautiously optimistic because we're seeing good progression and impacting the changes that 1 quarter, 2 quarter, I think it's too early to call. But 4 quarters in, it does feel like we really are on the right path. And if we continue executing this, the goal of 15% to 20% growth long term feels very, very doable.  With regards to the investments, I think same thing there. We are -- we have been progressively feeling positive. And again, if you remember the commentary on operating margins, we thought we would have to invest more this year and then bring margins down in order to drive growth. In fact, the team has done a really good job balancing the changes in the business, while kind of managing their investments to keep margins relatively flat.  And so we've -- the hiring that you're seeing certainly reflects an emphasis of hiring in the areas where we can get the most impact. And it's just a very disciplined approach in terms of hiring. So overall, just good results that supports continued investments in that business. But the outlook is very good growth in the next few years as well as margin improvements. 
Trac Pham: Yes. No, overall, both on the P&L and the cash flows, I would characterize it as just very good results across the board as opposed to being driven by onetime items or any unusual items. But keep in mind, the cash flow will be lumpy just given that depending on the day, the week that it comes in, it can flip from 1 quarter to the next or 1 year to the next. But over the long term, if we continue to drive operating margins up and drive operating income growth, cash flow should track very well to EBITDA less cash taxes over time. 
Trac Pham: I wouldn't look at it that way, Pradeep, I think you're trying to impart seasonality on the business when there really isn't one. Our business is very much recurring. 90% of the business is recurring, but it could be a little noisy from quarter-to-quarter. And I think that overall, I would look at the trend over a multiyear period and focus on what we're describing for the year. And then within the year, we'll give you very specific kind of feedback on what that quarterly profile can look like.  And it will vary, and it doesn't really -- it will vary depending on what the customer requirements are. And I'd just remind you that last year, we had a Q3 and Q4 that was unusual by historical standards. And then this year has trended out to be a little bit more linear. And so it will vary even within a 2-year span. But over time, the -- if you look at the annual trends, it tends to be pretty steady. 
Trac Pham: We'll continue to -- I'm sorry, I'm going to start then Aart can add some color, but we'll continue to look for efficiencies and productivity across all areas of the business. So that will include the semi side and Software Integrity. The opportunity is that we're spending a lot in total as a company. And so the more dollars that we can put behind projects and initiatives that are going to drive the best returns, we'll continue to do that. There's no reason to not maintain that discipline.  That served us well the last few years because those investments that we've made and was highlighted in Aart's prepared remarks are assumption of the big investments that we've made over the last 5-plus years. And so we want to make sure that we're looking at that business as well to  be more efficient. But that does not at all imply that we won't continue to invest heavily. But we'll do that in a balanced way so that all areas of the business are contributing to good growth and profitability improvements. 
Aart de Geus: Thanks for the question. It's a bit all of that. I think that Synopsys has a high degree of vitality right now, largely as a result of many years of complex investments that certainly are intersecting in a positive way. And so you may recall the many times we talked about a Fusion Compiler, for example, as sort of a platform to do very advanced design with. Well, once you intersect that with the ability to automate some of that, in other words, put sort of a brain on top of it, that brain, if it functions well, can do a lot because the Fusion Compiler is a very, very powerful tool.  And so all of these efforts took many years to get to this point, and now they are showing results. And what is powerful about showing results is you learn very quickly from the results to get better results and improve. And so this is moving forward very rapidly. Simultaneously, you opened up a very good other comment, which is that a number of efforts become maybe not entirely domain specific, but certainly more domain sensitive. And so when you talk about automotive or industrial or other areas that require a certain degree of security and safety, well, those are additional demands that come in.  And in general, if you buy into my picture of saying, hey, the whole world is heading towards Smart Everything, well, all the smart is applied in those verticals in different ways. And so some have a lot of data. Others have very difficult data to deal with, and others just require instantaneous fast computing. Those are all a bit different. And so yes, there will be an increase for gradual specializations in the vertical markets. But at the same time, you can only do that if you have an extremely strong and capable foundation. And I think we're certainly in a good spot for that. 
Aart de Geus: Well, it's a bit of a complicated question because we are in the first wave of making this successful. And suddenly, we have built one of its capabilities on Fusion Compiler. And since we have pretty much all of the advanced customers using Fusion Compiler, we have plenty of opportunity to continue with that. And there's a lot of runway in terms of what we can accomplish.   What I did not mention is that DSO.ai is actually a capability that can also be applied in other domains. And over time, we will use some of that technology and the ability to design better silicon technologies, for example, or in the verification space. So there are many directions that we can take with that. And we are strongly engaged now with some of the most advanced design teams in the world. And maybe the only comment I want to make right now on pricing and so on is that it has already helped us see some growth in renewals. And that is really the direction that we count on for technology that truly has a big impact with our customers. 
Aart de Geus: To be honest, I think for the last 15 years, I've said we've never had really seasonal patterns. It's just one continuous wave. And when a certain region is not as big as another, it is more often than not just the fact that the renewals at that time are different than in other regions.  Now commenting specifically about China. The very, very good results, and continued good results, are due to a very broad adoption. So by many companies, and of course, many companies that themselves are investing heavily in the future and driving business very hard. So it's just a very active region, and I expect that to continue. 
Aart de Geus: Well, I think we continue to outperform well others because of both the breadth and the complexity of our platform. I want to say, though, ARM is also doing very, very well. And we are sort of almost 100% complementary to what they do. And so what I think we see is, a, that there are many more designs, that they're especially much more complex designs. And that second comment is important because the value and the cost, but also the necessity for very advanced nodes, is -- has increased.  And so we observed that in multiple ways, a, of course, by what our customers order, but also at the speed with which they absorb it. And in some of the numbers I gave in the preamble, you could see that a significant portion of our business is already at 5,  4 and 3-nanometer. And these are invariably extremely sophisticated customers that need large complex blocks and do a lot of design. So in general, for us, the market is doing extremely well, and IP has definitely been a shiny star at Synopsys for a number of quarters now. 
Aart de Geus: I don't think that it has changed. The more complex things are more expensive, and customers expect that. But fundamentally, it's a business of almost constant renewals. And I think we must be okay with our pricing because our customers consume what they buy often faster than the time frame that they allocated and then they renew. And a lot of this business is built on the trust that we will deliver something that they can count on at the right time. And so a lot of it is very sophisticated repeat business. 
Aart de Geus: Well, so as you well know, we never comment about individual customer from -- certainly not from a business point of view, but I would just highlight that the most advanced customers, the largest customers in the world are also far and away the most aggressive in technology adoption. And for a good reason. That is why they are the most successful ones and continue to grow. And so I expect that to be the case for multiple of our top customers.  In terms of structural changes. We've had the good fortune to be able to somewhat continually inside of Synopsys evolve the structure as technologies either gain strength or are better put together with other products. And we've continued to do quite a bit of that under Sassine Ghazi, our COO's leadership. And I think that has been very effective because not only does a high degree of vitality. It also opens up new doors.  And you've seen, for example, out of the design effort, the SLM, the silicon life cycle management suddenly emerge and a number of other capabilities. A great example, of course, is DSO because it intersects with really the entire company primarily right now in design because there the results are just fantastic and of very high value. And so we will continue in that vein.  On the field side, there are 2. We continue to optimize for the customers driving different technologies and making sure that the coverage is very good. And in many ways, the good news is that despite all the restrictions with COVID, I think we have not really missed any beat in covering the needs of our customers well. And so right now, I would consider that Synopsys is actually in a pretty good spot. 
Aart de Geus: Maybe if I can add something. You can look at it both outside and inside. Starting outside, of course, the semi and the systems industries have great opportunities right now because this age of Smart Everything will actually touch everything. And in some areas, it's going to go very fast, in others more slowly, but it is unavoidable that electronics and within that, semiconductors and software, will add substantial value to every vertical that it will touch. And so that is one of the reasons why you see the semiconductor industry do so well. And the fact that in some areas, our shortages may have nothing to do with that because it's certain specific areas. But in general, it does have to do with the fact that demand is high and higher than ability to satisfy it. So we expect that the market in aggregate, over time, will stay very healthy for a while. On the inside, we've always said that you need to have a portfolio of things that are more mature and with more maturity, hopeful on sustainable productivity and margin. And certain things that you have to invest best in and by definition, investing means putting money in. But on balance, I think that since we communicated to you about 2.5 years or so ago, that we were going after Rule of 40. We've executed well with that. And in many ways, I would consider that episode is now over. And now we have mentioned to you that Rule of 45 is next. So the general recipe is clear, and the hard work is always hard, but I think we're on a very good track. 
Aart de Geus: At this point in time, the answer is yes. We have sufficient, which does not mean that we don't look for every part to see how the alternatives, what's the status? Are there going to be some challenges? Luckily enough for us, we bought the most important part at the right time in sufficient magnitude that for right now, we're covered. But right now, and so we'll keep being very diligent about this although I expect that in some areas the shortages will gradually vanish. 
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, let me make 3 comments. First is there have been a number of generations of semiconductor transistors, [ planar ] was for many years the way to do it. The thought to do FinFET was heresy because these were very difficult to do and impossible and then they became possible, and we moved forward on that. The way to look at data all around is essentially, it's a sophisticated variation on FinFET and a number of advanced customers and manufacturing partners are clearly investing in this and clearly going in this direction. And we can absolutely support it all the way from the very beginnings of providing them with tools that allow them to literally simulate and design individual transistors all the way to our design system. Fusion Compiler is completely capable of handling this. So that's not going to be a problem. The second comment is what you're referring to when you say new types of transistor is de facto a form of continuation of Moore's Law. Meaning still smaller transistors, still less power, still faster speed. And while Moore's Law has slowed down, I want to emphasize, it is still continuing. And that, too, for many times was viewed as impossible, but it is absolutely continuing. I would amend it with something, though, which is you also see more talk of now bringing multiple chiplets or sometimes called tiles closely together, sometimes on top of other chips, on other pieces of semiconductor. And to me, that is a mega booster pack to Moore's Law because if you cannot do more transistors on a chip, can you do 2 chips closely together? And there are a number of design issues that Synopsys is particularly well equipped for because when you do something in 2 chips instead of 1, the biggest problem is the in between, right, which is how quickly can you get the signals from one to the other. And that's why you want to have them very, very closely linked. We have a complete 3D IC, that design system for that. And as we see people do a combination of still smaller devices, but now also multiple chips closely together, we will gradually see that growing. So I'm very encouraged that for the next 10 years, we're still going to see way more complex systems. And in our case, the word complex is a good word. 
Aart de Geus: Yes. Trac sort of alluded to the fact that all of our business are doing well. And so absolutely, EDA is a very, very big piece of our business, the largest piece. And so you cannot get to a double digit and grow from there if that were a boat anchor. And in this context, it's actually the opposite. EDA is doing extremely well for us. 
Aart de Geus: Well, the answer is yes and yes, meaning that they see a lot of opportunity because there's a lot of demand for many of these new capabilities. And at the same time, because of the continued growth in complexity, they have to rely on more use of IP blocks, on more automation in the design process. And we are the ones providing that. And so I'm super enthusiastic about this decade because I can see the value at the end of this journey for so many vertical markets. Therefore, the economics from the end markets will come down into the systems semiconductor and in our world because we are the enablers for that. And I'm also super enthusiastic because I feel that many of the investments that we've made have led Synopsys to be at just a unique point of new innovation and having had the opportunity to be part of the early beginnings of automation via synthesis many years ago. I would equate what we're doing right now with AI on not a design step but a whole design flow to be very, very similar. And therefore, a long-term high impact. And it's just very exciting to feel the push of the technology and the pull of the end market. And having those aligned, I think, is just perfect for us.  Well, I guess the signifies that we are done for this hour. First, thank you, as usual, for attending this and for following us. Hopefully, you read out of the discussion and the preambles that we feel that we're in a very strong, solid business situation, but also very excited about the capabilities that are rolling out and their impact on the future. And lastly, that we are in a market situation and the market really needs the capabilities we have. And so that leaves only the word execution to finish on, and that is our job. So thank you very much. I hope you all stay healthy in a time where, unfortunately, the Delta waves are bigger than anybody expected. So please vaccinate and stay safe. Thank you. 
John McPeake: Nice work, guys. Just along the lines, you just mentioned that a lot of your customers are mentioning component shortages and you do have some hardware that has some components in it. And I'd just like to ask if you feel like you have secured enough supply to -- of components to ship... 
John McPeake: One thing I've heard is the semi companies don't want to eat their seed corn, so you could be a priority customer because they can't get their designs done without your products. 
John McPeake: Right. So I guess my second one is on gate-all-around. I did see the tape out at 3 with a customer. Do you see that as the future? And relative to your AI-enabled solution, things are getting pretty hairy down there. Could you just talk about that maybe as a driver for different segments of the business, placing route, timing, I don't know. 
