Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. Building on a strong foundation in 2014, we're starting this year with great momentum. Our excellent Q1 financial results and improved 2015 outlook leaves us increasingly confident in our ability to execute our strategy for growth and profitability. In Q1, we met or exceeded all quarterly financial targets we provided in December, posted double-digit growth in both revenue and earnings, and accelerated our stock buyback program. Now to the numbers. As I talk through Q1 results and targets for the rest of the year, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue increased 13% to $542 million. Greater than 90% of Q1 revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog, and one customer accounted for more than 10%. The weighted average duration of our renewable customer license commitments was about 2.4 years, but we expect the full year duration to be approximately 3 years. Q1 total GAAP costs and expenses were $471 million. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $403 million, below our target range, due largely to a shift in timing of expenses, including some delayed hiring, as well as lower travel and professional services. Q1 non-GAAP operating margin was 25.7%. GAAP earnings per share were $0.41. Non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.80, above our target range due largely to a lower tax rate and timing of expenses. Non-GAAP tax rate was 13.4%, due mostly to the reinstatement of the federal R&D tax credit for 2014. The Q1 tax rate includes both a retroactive benefit for fiscal 2014 and a partial year impact to fiscal 2015. As a result, we think a non-GAAP tax rate between 19% and 20% is a reasonable estimate for 2015. Turning to cash flow. As expected, Q1 had a net operating cash outflow. The $87 million outflow was due mostly to the timing of 2014 incentive compensation payments, along with one-time severance payments related to our voluntary retirement program and other restructuring. We continue to target operating cash flow of approximately $450 million. We ended the quarter with total debt of $303 million. This includes $235 million from our revolver, drawn during the quarter to largely fund our Q1 share repurchases, and $68 million from our term loan. During the quarter, we entered into an accelerated share repurchase agreement, or ASR, for $180 million. This was part of our goal to keep share count roughly flat with 2014 levels. Under this ASR, we received 3.3 million shares in Q1, and expect to receive the balance by Q3 when the ASR is completed. We have $200 million remaining on our share repurchase authorization. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments, of $917 million, with 13% onshore. We'll continue to optimize the use of cash to generate maximum long-term shareholder value. Each quarter we will evaluate our M&A, buyback, and debt reduction options, to determine the best balance. DSO was 49 days and we ended Q1 with approximately 9,300 employees, with more than one-third in lower-cost geographies. Now to our second quarter and fiscal 2015 guidance, which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For the second quarter, our targets are revenue between $543 million and $553 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $470 million and $489 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $418 million and $428 million; other income between $0 million and $2 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of 22% to 23%; outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million; GAAP earnings of $0.26 to $0.33 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.62 to $0.64 per share. For fiscal 2015, we are increasing our revenue target to $2.195 billion to $2.235 billion, a growth rate of approximately 7% to 9%; we expect other income between $5 million and $9 million; a non-GAAP tax rate of 19% to 20%; outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million; GAAP earnings of $1.41 to $1.50 per share, which includes the impact of approximately $89 million in stock-based compensation expense; we are increasing our non-GAAP earnings to a range of $2.75 to $2.80 per share, which represents double-digit growth at the mid-point; capital expenditures of approximately $100 million; and cash flow from operations of approximately $450 million. Finally, to help in your modeling, second half revenue is expected to be slightly higher than first half revenue, with Q4 the largest revenue quarter. We expect total non-GAAP expenses to be skewed slightly toward the second half of the year, with non-GAAP EPS increasing sequentially from Q2 to Q4. In summary, Q1 was a strong start to the year. We delivered excellent financial results, highlighted by double-digit top and bottom-line growth and solid operating margin. We are also increasing revenue and EPS guidance for the year, reflecting the confidence and optimism we have for the business. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Trac Pham: Yes, Sterling, this is Trac. The revenue came in as expected in total as well as the various line items. Certainly the upfront revenues were strong and that was due to a strong hardware quarter primarily the HAPS side.
Trac Pham: Yes, upfronts will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. I think upfronts will fluctuate quarter-to-quarter. Our model for upfronts remains at 10% or less.
Trac Pham: You can see that the headcount did decrease from Q4 to Q1. A large portion of that was due to the voluntary retirement program and the small layoff we had, but also the delayed hiring.
Trac Pham: Well I would say that Q1 came in as we expected across our business segments, all of our business metrics. The run rate was up, the duration was light at 2.4 for the quarter, but we expected to trend back to three years for the full year, didn't see anything unusual in the business.
Trac Pham: Yes, so when you look at, I'm sorry. When you look at Q1 there is really three things happening revenues came in as expected, the upside was really on lower tax rate; two, higher than expected other income; and then, three, the shifting of expenses. And as I said $0.08 of that is roughly the tax rate.
Trac Pham: Yes, I mean that's a really good question considering the variability and FX this year. Let me just step back and say that we do have a hedging program in place to protect our financials both the P&L and the balance sheet from that volatility. From a P&L perspective, our goal is to protect the annual EPS from any FX movements. On the revenue line, our revenues are invoiced in dollars except for Japan, which last year was roughly 12%, we do hedge that revenue. On expenses, we got about a third in local currency and that's hedged as well. So what you see on a net-net basis is that FX had an immaterial impact on our bottom-line year-over-year.
Trac Pham: Yes, so it's early in the year cash flow tends to be one of the more difficult parts of our business to predict. Keep in mind, last year, as you recall we end up overachieving on our guidance by $100 million just to highlight how variable that can be long-term though. We are definitely very comfortable with -- we're comfortable with our guidance of $450 million for the year and we're certainly comfortable with our long-term trend on cash flows. I think if you ask what's going to drive that over the long-term, it does track EBITDA less cash taxes over time. So we continue to drive top-line growth and drive operating margins to the mid-20s you will see our cash flows trend with that.
Trac Pham: Q1 was good quarter and we did increase our annual EPS guidance to a range of $2.75 million to $2.80 million. As I can remind you, the majority of the overachievement was due to expense timing and non-operational items that's the tax rate and higher other income. And we're trying to strike the right balance between the overachievement and investments in the business. Investments per our plan, we see a lot of opportunities in IP, software quality, and security, and even and in our new EDA solutions. So we want to make sure that we're balanced for it. And I think one thing also keep in mind as you look at the guidance that we just provided at the midpoint we'll continue to increase operating margins by about 100 basis points year-over-year.
Trac Pham: Yes, it is correct. We are reporting those together. The trailing 12-months growth was actually quite high. And but you may also remember from last year that IP goes up and down quite a bit. And we've said that the IP is double-digit growth on a multiyear basis. And the reason for that is that the nature of that business, the fact that they're often milestones attached to deliverables and we said last year that this would be a good year and so far it looks like it is.
Aart de Geus: Thank you. No, we don't see any big changes nothing that you're telling me is not age-old EDA, this has always been a very competitive landscape. And we are in the fortunate situation of specifically in the digital side, we have some really fabulous products that has been rolled out and that are now gradually being distributed to customers. So that brings with it that there is quite a bit of support effort to help them move on to the new project and so on. So we will be very, very busy from that perspective, this is an intense time, but it's an intense time with a very good outlook given the quality of the products that we have.
Aart de Geus: Well our objective is to clearly grow it. At the same time, we're enough to know that for many years I've said that EDA is the industry where all the children are always above average, and all the share gains are above average. And so yes, there are many claims always being made. At the end of the day it is what are the results over long period of time. The second thing is many of the contracts that we have of course are very complex and very large. And so these things change gradually, but there is no question that with the strong technology we have an excellent shot at moving forward step-by-step and so far it looks like that's working out fine.
Aart de Geus: And it was the integration of all the software verification tools and the benefit of having that integration was immediately higher productivity for the customer. But also the possibility for designers to quickly move from one type of product needed to another in that context. Our longer-term and much broader ambition has been to establish a Verification Continuum that reaches much broader space, including the various forms of hardware verification tools and even something beyond that. And so that is been the focus at least for our R&D teams for the last year. There is the results that I've seen are truly outstanding and during the year we will gradually announce those as we're ready to make them available to customers.
Aart de Geus: The answer is actually very simple. You remember you would certainly know 10 years ago, there was this term that was new system on a chip --
Aart de Geus: We're completely there. System on a chip means it's a hardware piece with a bulk load of software. And the challenge with that is of course that the software guys would like to start modeling and trying out their software before the chips are ready. And so be it individual chips or in some cases even broader systems off chips, those are being modeled on the HAPS boards, and the benefit of the HAPS boards is that they are amazingly fast in run time, and that is absolutely key if you want to drive some software where the speed is relevant in terms of testing it. And so that is the simple reason why we see that and I think that will continue.
Aart de Geus: For us it will. And the reason is that what that means is that building the IP is actually substantially more difficult. So much so that's a number of people that are introducing a new technology can only do that if simultaneously to a number of other things, a substantial amount of IP is ready to go, otherwise people can't design chips. And given that, for that we're now extremely well versed and literally the smallest sizes of FinFET technology, especially in our IP team, I think we're well positioned to become more and more of a backbone provider to the industry. It's also one of the reasons why we collaborate very closely with the foundries and other technology providers, because if we work with them ahead of time we can sort of see where the technology is going, what the problems are going to be, and invariably even when the technology is introduced it goes through quite a number of iterations and lot of refinements and improvements for yield and our team is all over that.
Aart de Geus: The -- its always amazing, even at 10 times faster too it will not shrink the market for very simple reason which is, the first thing that customers do is, well I can do bigger things now, and I can do them sooner, and I can be more competitive. And so it's a little bit like introducing the next race car on the market immediately the races become even more intense and that is what IC Compiler does right now. Secondly, one should not underestimate how much chip complexity has grown in just the last four, five years. And you may recall that number of years ago I was very bullish on the impact of FinFET going forward at the time where it was not quite clear that the technology would make it. It is very clear that it's making it now and it's also very clear that the combination of lower power smaller devices will have impact on many chips. Initially it's all on the more complex chips; gradually it will become necessary even for the things that will end up in Internet of Things type product, so a lot of opportunity there.
Aart de Geus: Well, we're in a fortunate situation that in many of the situations our customers do already have the products that you mentioned. And there is no doubts that after many years of work, we have architected our tools in such a fashion that if you use them in combination, you will get better results, than if you sort of use the smorgasbord of independent tool and so from that perspective alone that's been a positive. Secondly, there is question that some tools tend to be more anchor point product. And so when renewal of contracts happen, it tends to bring up the question well what else should negotiated at that time, can we grow the contract, or can we become a broader provider and the answer is more often than not, yes. So all in all this is a good position to be in, having said that, there is competition and we have to battle for every opportunity and that is what customer needs in order to get the best tools.
Aart de Geus: Well the end market that has gradually become bit more systems dominated is not a new phenomenon. I think about 40% of our revenue comes from systems companies, the rest come from chip companies. And so we've been there for a long time. Your question is interesting nonetheless because more and more we're seeing that the software content that plays into many of chips or the systems becomes actually the differentiator for our customers, and sometimes it's also the negative differentiator meaning when it doesn't work away when it's not ready. And so from that perspective, I think we will see a gradual increase on first the verification tools around the whole hardware software. And obviously the acquisition of Coverity was to then open up new horizon towards the software period and they are there still a lot of open space.
Aart de Geus: I think in general your thinking is correct. I find it's relatively difficult to predict what the speed of that will be. And the reason I'm saying that is the difference between HAPS boards and emulators is that the HAPS boards, now they do look a little bit like a science project, I mean you've to pluck in a lot of wires and there's lot of mechanism to actually get the software into the chips just the right way. And now of course the people that do this are hyper sophisticated doing it. And I think the utilization will increase. How quickly it will go a little hard to tell but there's no question that the problem that is addressing is absolutely growing.
Aart de Geus: Yes, we commented early about that. The digital area is very interesting for us because we have, as you know, introduced some very powerful products specifically IC Complier II. And so we're massively engaged with a large number of customers already in a) improving that the technology is as good as we said it would be, and so far, every piece of feedback has been absolutely in tune with what we predicted originally. And then helping them gradually design it in as they have many chips that are in-flight as we would say, and you -- when it is always very careful with introducing new products, and it takes some handholding. So that is what we're focusing on and we see that as an opportunity to grow our share and to really work with customers on a very close partnership basis for the coming years.
Aart de Geus: In our field anything that can bring down the product cycle is a good thing. It's always amazing to me that after literally 50 years in this year, of Moore's Law, this continues exponential increasing complexity is being met with new tools, new products, and this is in verification, it is in implementation and so on, and of course emulation or HAPS boards or some of the virtual prototyping are very central to this. The one new twist to all of this is that now on top of this well-understood Moore's Law, you get all this embedded software and that brings a degree of complexity that is going to be a very difficult to keep at high quality and to verify and to get ready. On the other hand, that's exactly the type of job that we love we've been chasing that type of increasing complexity for many, many years. So be it emulation, be it rapid prototyping, be it virtual prototyping, or other techniques, all of these always welcome yesterday, and our team is non-stop raising forward to improve them.
Aart de Geus: Well just to be clear semiconductor industry goes up and down rather violently. And if I look at my numbers, I would say that the average semiconductor growth rate is probably around 4.2% to 4.5% right now if you look at it from a multiyear perspective. So in that sense EDA actually is pretty close to the customers and not that all that different. Overall EDA over many years has out executed semiconductors, but when the semiconductors have a great year, they worry about the bad year, and when they have a bad year, they worry, and so it's an industry that is always raising forward.
Aart de Geus: Yes. So we're still on target for a breakeven in the second half. And the other thing we said is that we would be over $100 million in 2016 and so far things look good.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Let me distinguish something which is let me take the whole grouping of 28 nanometer and higher, and then 20 nanometer as an individual node, and then the FinFET category somewhat actually have 22 nanometer, 16 nanometer, 14 nanometer, and 10 nanometer. The 20 nanometer node is really little bit of an off-duck and TSMC have been successful with that. But we have predicted already a longtime ago that it would probably be a node that would not see a lot of utilization; because once the vision to FinFET is established and that's the yields look good enough people will rapidly move there. That appears to be the case. At the same time for all the people that don't want to cross the bridge to FinFET 28 nanometer will be a node that will be utilized massively for a quite longtime. And so that sort of the way we look at it a little bit which is 28 nanometer is sort of the one side of the bridge with plainer transistors, 16 nanometer is really the other side of the bridge with FinFETs, and then from there you go on to smaller dimension.
Aart de Geus: Well our sense is that so this can go for a few generations right now. At the same time we are fields where relentless and ingenuity is a necessity to overcome the intricacy of very, very small physic. So at some point of time the very nature of the transistor will change again. It's always fascinating to me to remember that not that many years ago, I'm taking six or seven years ago, many people said FinFET will never work, and here we are. And so by the way the term Moore's Law of course is by now more of a concept than an actual exact law because the economics with these type of chips are changing a bit, but there's no question that the opportunity of fabulous products as we move to smaller transistors is still very, very appealing.
Aart de Geus: In that case, thank you very much for attending our first quarter's earnings release so we had good results, and we feel confident about the year, and we have a lot of work to do to finish the year. Thank you very much. Have a good rest of the day.
