Aart de Geus: Good afternoon. We delivered outstanding results in the third quarter, exceeding the midpoint of all our guidance targets, while reaching another quarterly revenue record. Revenue of $1.487 billion was in the high end of our guidance with non-GAAP operating margin at 35.3%. GAAP earnings per share was $2.17, while non-GAAP earnings per share was above our target range at $2.88. We generated $560 million of operating cash flow, ended Q3 with a backlog of $7.1 billion. By now, you have all seen our other news. So before I address our segment results and outlook, let me warmly welcome Sassine Ghazi to the call. Today, we announced that the Synopsys Board has named Sassine as Synopsys President and CEO starting January 2024, and that I will take the role of Executive Chair of Synopsys Board at the same time. I'm absolutely thrilled with this transition into the CEO role for Sassine. Sassine is uniquely qualified. He is a proven operational leader, a technology innovator and a trusted partner to our customers and ecosystem friends, but he is so much more than that. He embodies our values and culture, and inspires our company, including me, with his results focused leadership. Sassine, welcome to your first of many Synopsys earnings calls.
Aart de Geus: As you know, an average EBA contract is about three years. So 2021, we started with customers and we have a number of those customers included it in their renewals. So we're already in that first stage with a number of customers, including it in their three-year contract.
Aart de Geus: The thesis behind SIG remains very strong, which is software quality and security. And actually, right now, you can argue and the future is as strong or stronger with AI-generated code and the need for any developer to ensure that its secure software that are using in their products. What happened over the last 12 months or so is not unique to Synopsys is you’re seeing it in the industry, especially at the software enterprise industry, is a slowdown and that headwind is really what you’re seeing right now. And as Shelagh mentioned, even though we’re not speaking about long-term projection and guidance for any part of the business, but we are – last quarter, if you recall, we said we’ll be at the lower end of the 15% to 20%, and now it will be slightly below that number, but it’s not due to the portfolio or the execution, it’s truly the headwind we’re facing in the market.
Aart de Geus: Well, you have our basic financial outlook because we have communicated that we're focusing on number one growth and continued gradual improvement of ops margin. And in many ways, this is against a backdrop that is fantastically exciting because there's going to be a wave of end users, and I mean with systems companies that all want to have AI, that all wants to have chips that are way faster, way lower power, way more data. In other words, the entire industry around us will be unhappy with semiconductors because they want more. And there is nothing better than that because that is what in the early days drove the whole Moore's Law at super high growth. And we have a similar feel going on right now. And you may say, well, but is the technology not limited? Well, no, it's not What has changed is that the architectures are all changing and that the ability to bring chips immensely close together, including stacking them vertically is now suddenly opening up. Still difficult, still expensive. But that's what FinFETs were before to and then suddenly out of nowhere there were over 10 generations of it. And I think this is exactly the space that we've entered. And so that's another way of saying design is going to become more complex, more engineers are needed. And given that the world supply of engineers is somewhat limited, more automation is the only answer to solve this. Again, not any difference than in the '80s, '90s, 2000s and we all feel this drive because the notion of smart everything has shown itself as relevant. Now a little portion of that is, well, how smart are we on the inside? And there's a lot that we can learn. And obviously, anything that we can automate or accelerate in our processes directly goes to the bottom line at that point in time. So Sassine job is to figure out how much of that money to the bottom line goes directly back into AI research, right? So that circle is very active.
Aart de Geus: Just one comment, Vivek, you're asking, of course, a question that you should ask at the end of Q4, right? That's why we gave guidance for the coming year. At the same time, overall, as we mentioned, we are in a market that we perceive as strong for us. We don't see any big changes. From year to year, of course, there's variability. But too early to really talk about that. But fundamentally, what we said in preamble is that fundamentally, we have a degree of momentum that shows out that we're in a very strong business at a good time. And so I wouldn't think that there are any major changes, at the same time, again, we're declining too far out guidance here.
Aart de Geus: Yeah. Okay. A good point. Sorry, I didn't catch that. Outside of AI, the business is just strong across the board. We talked earlier about IP. These agreements that we made over the last quarter are very powerful for a long period of time, and they establish us as a provider that is one of necessity for foundries to be successful. Remember, for foundry to be successful with a new node, it takes fundamentally four things. One, you have to have, of course, the technology. That’s their job. Secondly, you need to have the capacity. Third, the EDA tools, which turns out we are always on time. And fourth, you need the collection of IP-ready tool because otherwise, the end users can do design and the fact that we have strong agreements to provide this to the leading foundries in the world is fantastic, and that gives us a degree of stability but also potential further growth that is very, very good.
Aart de Geus: If I may add something, because I love what Sassine just said in terms of this opportunity. It is important to understand that what we have done is we started actually with the single hardest problem, which is all the stuff that sits before Tape-out. Tape-out is when the design is done and it gets sent to manufacturing. Well, the one thing you don't want to happen is any errors in that. And so as you add more and more and more detail, you're coming to this notion of the absolute necessity to be as close as you can to zero errors. And that's why, Sassine mentioned, not only the design, but also the verification steps, the sign-off steps and we have integrated all of those under our AI. And I think it's going to take a long time before many of the other techniques get close to that. But we are going to, of course, put those around. So it broadens our opportunity space, as Sassine said, but the core of our pioneering was really we can do it and get correct chips out. Now that is challenging.
Aart de Geus: Yeah. We set out two priorities for SIG about 1.5 years, two years ago. One is building out our Polaris platform, which is an integrated SaaS, which is the static and dynamic software composition analysis and its cloud-native cloud-ready system. So from a go-to-market point of view, we're still in a transition phase or transitioning our customers to Polaris while we're selling Coverity, Black Duck, et cetera, all the other products that they can be primarily used. So that's from a technology platform point of view. From a go-to-market standpoint, actually, we've done a fairly good job in putting the right investments, how much do we do direct, how much do we do through distribution. And we're still on that journey of evolving our go-to-market. Where we're seeing difficulties right now is the negotiation with the customers, given the headwind, they're ending up being a shorter renewals and taking longer to close. So that's really the impact we're seeing, not from a value market share, et cetera, et cetera standpoint. It's just the budget is tighter, in particular, for our enterprise customers.
Aart de Geus: On questionnaires, one would feel I'm all of the above, meaning that the continuation of technology development is still very fast, even for individual chips. And therefore, with those come new speeds, new bandwidth and constant new demand. You’re absolutely right to throw in the 3D aspects because one of my perspective on that, it is precisely the fact that 3D has improved dramatically in terms of the connectivity, both in number of spin counts and the speed on the pins and the decrease of energy to switch a pin that actually opens that domain for a decade of success. Now the fact that AI is in the midst of that is – what’s a little bit different about AI processes. It’s just the bandwidth and the enormous amount of data that needs to constantly in many cases, dynamically be treated while the car is driving, so to speak. And so all of these things are wonderful for our field because that says, well, do a lot better. And while the world better, of course, as many variations, we all know that means that there’s more design happening more new chips, more differentiation among the end customers among themselves. And so these are positive words in our field for sure.
Aart de Geus: With that, I guess we close the call. Thank you for your attention. For those of you that will connect with us later on today, we're ready to talk to you. And again, have a good rest of the day.
Sassine Ghazi: Thanks, Aart. I'm incredibly honored, humbled and profoundly grateful to the Board and you, Aart, for placing your unwavering trust in me. You built Synopsys from a disruptive start-up into one of the world's essential semiconductor ecosystem companies. I'm so proud to have been a part of that journey for the last 25 years working with you, our leadership team and the many colleagues across the organization. I'm determined to build upon our strong foundation, drive innovation and propel Synopsys to even greater heights of success. I look forward to engaging with all of you moving forward and to the continuing partnership with Aart.
Sassine Ghazi: Sure. First, thank you, Jason. And as Aart mentioned, actually, the AI journey for Synopsys started around 2017. I was the General Manager of our EDA business at the time, and no one in our industry was talking about AI in 2017 for EDA applications. Around the 2020 time frame, we actually had customers using it in early production stages. And now as you saw the number, many, many tape-outs. At the time, we started with the design space as the early stage of high impact using AI. And as you have seen us talk about the last couple of quarters with Synopsys.ai, where we're expanding the impact into test, verification, analog custom, manufacturing, et cetera. And Aart mentioned in his remarks that we have customers at this point buying our AI solution as part of their subscription license. And when a customer does that, they already see the value and the impact and they're willing to pay for it. And that's the stage we're in at this point.
Sassine Ghazi: We are seeing, yes, absolutely two factors. One, there’s a pull-through of the technology that our AI system uses, Fusion Compiler, Prime Time, et cetera, et cetera. And the customer is adding money, new money in the agreement based on the AI system that we are selling them. So it’s not only an upsell and a pull-through of the license, it’s incremental value that the customers are adding to their renewal with Synopsys.
Sassine Ghazi: Josh, I've been part of this company for 25 years, and the last three years, it's really been the start of what we call like a momentum journey, and we'll continue that pace of the journey moving forward. What Aart and I when I was appointed to COO and then later President, we really set out three vectors as priority for the company. The first one is focused on the growth ambition; the second one is scaling and how do we scale efficiently as a company; three, technology leadership and innovation. And if you look at the results, they're really amazing. Over that period of time, we're able to grow revenue 17% CAGR, 700 basis points in non-GAAP operating margin and 26% CAGR EPS. And doing all of this while pioneering industry-first technologies like the AI solutions that we are talking about, plus 3D IC from a multi-die both IT and design tools, et cetera, et cetera. So as we look ahead, January 1, as you commented, it's just the continuity of the pace at a time where the market, the semiconductor chip activity, is so exciting, driven by the AI demand that requires more compute, either data center cloud or edge as well as everything going smart, smart everything in a car, in home, in the industry, et cetera. So it's really continuing that pace of momentum we created on all three vectors.
Sassine Ghazi: Yeah. In the early stages of AI, what the customers were struggling with were two things. One, I may not have enough compute; and two, I may not have enough licenses, EDA licenses. On the compute side, there are multiple ways that can be invested, but most of our customers figure that out given the value that they were able to see. . On the EDA side, the reason we started with project-based, we were really trying to figure out with the customers, what's the combination of number of licenses needed for an AI job because AI is pulling far more licenses of the technology that is under the hood compared to an engineering -- individual engineer effort. So after we learned from that experiment in, let's call it, around 2020 and comers wanting to scale it up, we started providing it as part of the subscription license in order to enable broader and easier adoption for the customer. And with that came monetization to Synopsys. As I said, incremental monetization on two sites, more selling of the licenses plus selling the AI technology as well. We have now actually many. Still early stages, though, when I say many in terms of renewals, remember, those are 3-year cycles of renewals and 2020 was just around the corner in terms of a renewal cycle. But we have many customers that they have gone through renewing their subscription license with Synopsys and added more technology that’s pulling and AI license.
Sassine Ghazi: It will be more pervasive than that. But it will definitely be in the stages of design. So if you think of the design as three stages, there is the front end of the design then there is the implementation/optimization of the design and the sign-off where we started with DSO.ai and is in the physical implementation. Because of the pace of optimization is so large it was such a perfect opportunity for an AI system to look at that large space of optimization and find the right parameters to tune and then give you the most optimized physical implementation. But as we expand into test, for example, and reducing the test pattern or verification improving your coverage analog mixed signal. It's a whole other place where there is plenty of opportunity to innovate in that domain. And you go into manufacturing, their all-time and can leverage AI for both productivity as well as the quality of the result that you get. Now Aart mentioned as well in his script as three stages of design assistance, design exploration and design generation. Those -- I want to say some of those are ambitious, meaning this is where we can see the technology heading in the next one, two years at various level of R&D, in some cases, and customer discussions of where do they see the high impact as well as where do we see the technology available today from AI models, et cetera, et cetera. And you can open up the door to how do you protect your IP, the customer IP, how does the system learn. So the opportunity is definitely in early stages in terms of impact of AI overall on the chip design.
Sassine Ghazi: You're right. It's the right observation. Think of it as another tool that you can use to accelerate a workload. We were primarily CPU, then we introduced some GPU acceleration in a number of simulation functions and verification and some other methods. So yes, Ruben, you can think of it that way.
Sassine Ghazi: Jay, excellent question, and I remember that discussion as well. When we introduced MDM at the time, if you remember, for our digital platform data model, it was around the 2015 time frame. So when you look at the decade, it's right around the corner. We continue -- and that's what's really the primary foundation to build Fusion, where you bring timeline Fusion Compilers, SRC, et cetera, the whole digital platform on one unified data model that is helping us accelerate our innovation pace and rhythm because tools are connected and we're able to move much faster in delivering a new technology, new products. And as you can imagine, the team is constantly looking, is there a more efficient new data model that we can build on? And you mentioned the 2019 Investor Day, maybe us build the beams. We will have, hopefully, in the first half of '24, it will be great timing to talk about how we see the future given all the very exciting areas of technology innovation and the market around us.
Shelagh Glaser: Thank you, Aart. And congratulations, Sassine. I look forward to continuing to partner with you as you transition to CEO and scale the company to the next level of growth. On to results. Q3 was another outstanding quarter with record revenue and earnings. EPS was above the high end of our range. We continue to execute well, which is a testament to our execution and leadership position across our segment, robust chip and system design activity by our customers, who continue to invest through semiconductor cycles and with $7.1 billion in non-cancelable backlog, the stability and resilience of our time-based business model. With our continued confidence in the business, we are raising our full year targets for revenue, non-GAAP operating margin improvement and EPS. I'll now review our third quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $1.49 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $1.19 billion. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $963 million, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 35.3%. GAAP earnings per share were $2.17, and non-GAAP earnings per share were $2.88. Now onto our segment. Design Automation segment revenue was $1 billion, up 23%, driven by broad-based strength. Design Automation adjusted operating margin was 41.4%. Design IP segment revenue was $350 million, up 12%. Adjusted operating margin was 24.7%. Software Integrity revenue was $133 million, up 12%, and adjusted operating margin was 16.9%. Due to continued macro impact on this segment, we now expect Software Integrity revenue growth in 2023 to be below our long-term guidance of 15% to 20%. Turning to cash. We generated $560 million in operating cash flow and used $300 million for cash for stock buyback. Our balance sheet is very strong. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments of $1.8 billion and total debt of $18 million. Now to guidance. As we have previously communicated, we had expected a strong second half. We are again raising our full year outlook for revenue, non-GAAP operating margin improvement and earnings. For fiscal year 2023, the full year targets are: revenue of $5.81 billion to $5.84 billion, total GAAP costs and expenses between $4.544 billion and $4.564 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $3.78 billion and $3.79 billion, resulting in non-GAAP operating margin improvement of 200 basis points; non-GAAP tax rate of 16%; GAAP earnings of $7.85 to $7.96 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $11.04 to $11.09 per share. Cash flow from operations of approximately $1.65 billion. Now to targets for the fourth quarter: revenue between $1.567 billion and $1.597 billion; total GAAP costs and expenses between $1.184 billion and $1.204 billion; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $1.005 billion and $1.015 billion; GAAP earnings of $2.17 to $2.28 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $3.01 to $3.06 per share. Consistent with prior years, we will provide additional comments and guidance for 2024 when we report next quarter. In conclusion, we delivered record quarterly revenue and earnings. Based on our outstanding results year-to-date and strong outlook, we are again raising our targets for the full year. We continue to see strong momentum in the business, reflecting our leadership position across our segments, robust design activity by our customers who continue to invest through semiconductor cycles and the stability and resiliency of our time-based business model. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Shelagh Glaser: Sure. So I think it is -- this is the change that Aart and Sassine drove in the organization. So that's why we've got this more comprehensive segment reporting, and you're able to see what is going on in our three large segments. So if I talk about design IP specifically, we really think about that business on a long-term. And as Aart talked in his prepared remarks, we're building out an IP portfolio for each new node, for each different foundry, for each different customer. So think of us as constantly investing in IP. And when we're signing contracts with customers, we're signing an agreement for a specific amount of dollars with a specific term. And when the customers pull down the IP is based on when their design is needing to integrate that IP into the design. So over time, we expect that IP op margin is slightly below our corporate margin. And what you're seeing is, what we've always called lumpy, you're able to see what lumpy looks like now with our new segment reporting. So the expectation hasn't changed. And as we're looking out, we are seeing customers deep into their designs, and we understand the timing of IP would be pulled down. So we feel strongly about that business, plus it’s an incredible strategic asset for us to be so deeply involved and engaged in our customers decide. So we’ve got a strong view of positive view on that op margin. For Software Integrity, we’ve talked about we’ve been focused on improving the margins in that business as we scale the business, and you’re seeing some of the pull-through for that in Q3 time frame.
Shelagh Glaser: And I would add that we're committed to short and long-term operating margin improvement. That's what you're seeing the improvement in the second half of the year. We've, of course, will guide 24 next quarter, but a long-term guide is at least a 100 basis point improvement in the year. So we're committed to that.
Shelagh Glaser: So it is a lumpy business, as I described before, the contracts we signed with the customers, we have a term and a dollar amount and then the timing of those pull downs is really based on customer design. So we're confident in our long-term growth in that business because of the contracts we have signed with customers. But Vivek, it is lumpy because it's really dependent. We're delivering IP all the time, constantly refreshing and delivering new IP blocks. And then it's really the pull downs are based on the customer design schedule and we see robust chip activity, and we expect customers pull downs over near-term horizon.
Shelagh Glaser: Yeah. Thanks for the question. Yes, we do anticipate a very strong Q4. So our model we have, we as well intact, and that’s a long-term model. And so when you see the quarter-on-quarter variability, we don’t as much manage it in the 90-day increment. We’re managing it at the full year and 12 months, and we do expect a strong Q4 in IP.
Shelagh Glaser: And just a comment on operating margin. We're committed to improving operating margin. We had set out to do that this year to improve year-over-year, and we feel well on past that. And obviously, the strong results in Q3 gives us the full year.
