Aart de Geus: Thanks Rich. Good question. It's always difficult to say if there's a big difference from one quarter to another because these quarters flow from one to the other in somewhat not distinct fashion. The way I would answer it, it has had no impact on our business. I do think – I do see that some of the reports looking at the forward look and the predictions for 2019 were a little softer than before, but they are also now a little bit better informed. And so, this pertains to really the chip volume business more than anything else. So, it doesn’t really touch us as the design starts and the design difficulty have continued to grow. As we have been in the past, while we are not immune completely to the ups and downs of the semiconductor industry, we are relatively touched lightly and we’re actually typically a safe haven during those times.
Aart de Geus: It’s too early to guide on 2020 at this point. We just wanted to give an indication that the CapEx spend for this year is unusually high because of the few items that we highlighted.
Aart de Geus: We never comment about individual customers and Intel has definitely been a very good partnering customer to us and in general it sounds like both companies have done extremely well recently and I hope that bodes well for the overall markets. So, yes, we do compete in many places, but at the same time our objectives are to do well and I think we just did that this quarter.
Aart de Geus: No, we didn’t see any of that. And a number of people have asked us that question also in the context of China and we didn’t really see that. And so, I think we’re seeing Q1 as just a continuation of now quite a number of good quarters and of a business that is both diversified, well-balanced and growing well.
Aart de Geus: Well our Emulation has done extremely well and this is a domain that – and this is I think good news for many that continues to grow well because the demand around very difficult problems for Emulation as acceleration to simulation is high. In addition, Synopsis has focused on a special case that is extremely important, which is can you run software on hardware that doesn’t quite exit yet, i.e., hardware that you mock up and emulate, and the answer is yes. And more and more customers report that that is absolutely crucial because more often than not when a product is ready, the software is not and you cannot go to market, and that is why our area has done particularly well. And while these numbers are not individually disclosed, we are certainly convinced that we are the market leader in this area.
Aart de Geus: Let me go backwards on the question. The answer is yes. There are number of other tools that are also used in the Cloud, typically things that require or can benefit from big bursts of competition where a user may not want to buy their own computers just for the burst period, and so these type of tools tend to be optimized little bit differently, so that they can run more easily in a public clouds or various forms of private cloud. And so, there’s quite a bit of interest in that. I don’t think that things are completely back and white though, meaning that there are a lot of practical issues that have to be overcome to make things run very well and there are steady advances on making the various forms of software do that effectively, so that customers can essentially have a more flexible spending on hardware when they want it.
Aart de Geus: You know, it almost feels like a question that you could have asked in 1997 and 2007, and again, and I don't want to sidestep at all the fact that the complexity of Moore’s Law is increasing and the complexity itself is good for us, but with the complexity of course comes an economic equation that will over time bring some changes for customers and so at this point in time though, the demand for really advanced chips is quite strong and that I have illuminated many times by saying that we have entered a whole new phase of what electronics can do in most products and actually in most verticals and that is the age of condition or artificial intelligence, where the early results and have to be called early because they are literally just three or four years old now are very promising, but the demand for dramatically more computation is unabated. And so, I think the push will continue and the challenges that continue with it and I think for a company such as ourselves that’s a good thing, because that is our specialty. By the way, this reaches all the way down to the deep physics of Moore’s Law where we do excellent business in providing simulation tools that allow to check out how a brand-new transistor such as let’s say the gate-all-around type models, will function before even manufacture them. So, the food chain of Moore’s Law is actually pretty long.
Aart de Geus: Excellent question because this is a question that has actually also has sort of ups and downs multiple times in the last couple of decades, every time there was sort of a hint that Moore’s law was coming to an abrupt end, the solution was well instead of putting things in one chip let’s put into to multiple chips, maybe stack those chips on top of each other and the technologies have actually advanced substantially to make that possible, but they are not simple in their own right, meaning that if you can still put it in one chip that is often easier both economically and technically. Having said that, yes there is progress in various forms of packaging and stacking of chips and we think that that will continue to grow over the years to come and there too a sophisticated EDA tool such as ours will be absolutely necessary to do that. So, it sounds like these are very different things, but from my perspective it’s just a continuation of whatever is the best method to deliver a lot of functionality electronically, we will be full focused on.
Aart de Geus: It is too early to be able to check on stickiness because that is by definition something over a long period of time. But the expectation would be absolutely yes, meaning that, one of the key reasons customers will use this is because on a number of cases they will get better results, they will get the better results in a more predictable fashion and in a shorter amount of time. And so, in that sense, it's really a continuation of our objectives for the last 30 years, which is provide better and better tools for more and more difficult chips. And so, the early adoption has been very positive. We are maturing things rapidly. We're adding already new capabilities some of those will be announced in the not-too-distant future. And so, it is definitely at the core of our platform for the next decade.
Aart de Geus: I don't know the exact number, but I can tell you that we've had a number of very exciting automotive not only interactions, but actually substantial business closures. And just to give a little color to that, in some cases, they have been connected somewhat to the rest of our business as we have moved into automotive. But in a number of cases, it's also that the automotive field has discovered, so to speak, that software is a major issue. And when I say the automotive industry, I mean the OEM, so the actual car manufacturers, and this is interesting from a different perspective. They have in the last 100 years or so relied on an enormously complex supplier chain. And now suddenly the concerns are directly at their door, because if they move into adding way more software and already the advanced cars have about 100 million lines of code, way more software in order to do autonomous driving or any other form of assisted driving, the risk of vulnerability is actually very, very costly. And so, we have a number of customers that have now done large deals with us. We expect those to continue to grow over time. And interestingly enough, as we're coming via the Software Integrity Group sort of down from the software, we're moving up from the hardware with the various forms of virtual prototyping, and this is exactly part of the strategic picture that we have seen now for a number of years, which is this pincer movement around everything is sitting on the intersection of hardware and software. And that's where the value will be created.
Aart de Geus: Well, with that, thank you very much for attending this call. We completed a strong first quarter in the year and thus have renewed confidence in the rest of the year. And we're, as usual, thankful for both your questions and your attention to our company. Have a good rest of the afternoon.
Trac Pham: Hi, Rich. On the first question on backlog, we thought it was important to highlight backlog starting this year because as part of the 606 transition we will be including that and disclosing that in our 10-Q, so yes you will see that on a quarterly basis. With regards to the segment reporting, going forward as part of segment reporting we will provide both revenue and operating margin for both those segments.
Trac Pham: Mitch, I wouldn’t characterize it that way. We actually had a great start to the year with Q1 and given our outlook for Q2. To us the latest [indiscernible] forecast than we entered the year and frankly from that perspective, I'm feeling optimistic and more confident in the outlook that we have, that’s why we reaffirm the guidance for the full-year.
Trac Pham: We don't want to draw out that far, I guess let me abstract that first at the highest level. We are committed to 26% operating margins in 2021. We will be driving improvements across all areas both on – in both segments and across all areas of the business. So, you should see improvements there. At this point, we’re pleased to see off the quarter with profitability in software integrity, but it’s a new market for us that’s growing and we’ll continue to invest in building up the software integrity platform, as well as scaling up that business, so it will be lumpy quarter-to-quarter, but I think long-term the trend that we’ve seen over the last five years should continue.
Trac Pham: Monica, this is Trac. As I said earlier, it’s a good start for the year. The results were a combination of us executing very well and growing the business. Some of it is timing in terms of customer deliveries, so in fact there is a lot of business left to book for the full-year. We feel good about the outlook and it’s nice to have the first half look pretty secure.
Trac Pham: We haven’t seen a change in behavior of having that affect our revenues. As I said, it’s pretty balanced in terms of growth, as well as to a lesser degree, timing of customer contracts.
Trac Pham: Look, Jay we don't want to comment on how to extrapolate the backlog. We're going to disclose that so you will see that trend over time. But given that we will have different contracts renew at different points in time I think it's too – it would be too difficult to really translate that to the health of the business. Overall, I think we'll continue to refer you back to run rate growth in the business and look at that trend. And that tends to be – that has been up.
