Aart de Geus: First this is not the maintenance upgrade, this is a new product. The only refinement on that statement is that we have a number of customers that can have access to new technology provided that they buy off the price list at that point in time and so they can replace existing products with the new products which will bring new revenue opportunities for us. But also brings fabulous leverage for the customer because it is truly dramatically better. So from that perspective it is a product that’s priced higher but also valued much higher than what we have, which is arguably already the best on the market. Having said that the adoption rate I expect to be quite fast, because when you have that level of productivity improvement and of course we have tried to design it so that the changeover issues are very minimal, you can very quickly move to the new product. People that are on the constant pressure to get to better design sooner -- we are immediately intrigued by us, I think that’s why we have already lot of demand. Nonetheless, we will pay high degree of attention to make sure that the early customers do very well and get good results and are very well supported. And we do that with all new products and actually all new releases to make sure that we feather them in but the interest is certainly super high right now. 
Aart de Geus: Excellent question; it’s actually one year - the absolute capabilities of the product itself, and -- multiple generations of this product, and two, the degree of integration in our offering. What we just announced this quarter was really the next generation of the product. So a product that is substantially faster again for substantially higher capacity; the integration has many-many ramifications. We actually did not say all that much about it. And we have made excellent progress there, but we have still more work to do. And I would say, stay tuned on what will be coming there because there are a lot of capabilities that will be leveraged by a much better degree of integration.
Aart de Geus: Actually you said, you felt we don’t breakout the individual product, but there is no question that IC COMPILER will, I think fairly rapidly be added on top of IC COMPILER or replace a number of IC COMPILERS that are in utilization today because it has really the ability to do the same amount of work in literally a fraction of the time. And it is interesting by the way to see how different customers use the capability very differently. Some say, well, now I can go to market faster, but there are also quite a number that say, oh now because of that I can actually do more optimization and bring out some more area or some more speed and thus make my product either lower cost, lower silicon cost of higher performance, that’s higher differentiation. It’s always intriguing to see how when one provide something that is truly radically better; the ways that which it gets used is not always predictable. The reason am sharing this is because we have already very good evidence of the very good results from multiple customers and so I expect it to be phased into utilization very rapidly. From an economic point of view this is all part of our usual three year ratable model. And we expects and hope that this will utilize up a little faster the contracts that we have in place with customers and that’s always an opportunity to grow our business.
Aart de Geus: No actually we see a lot of business around FinFET and partially because we are not just working with customers also part of putting place to their ecosystem that’s necessary in order to do advanced FinFET design and what I mean with that our the IP that is necessary around that and a number of the stores that are looking at the yields optimization. And so you’re absolutely right that a number of the providers of FinFET technology did a number of adjustments to their schedules but also to the competitiveness of their product. And so the race is absolutely on among the people providing the silicon and what we can see is that there typically two groups there is a group that is already moving massively to FinFET because they have either the super high volume or the technology needs of a very large transits account and low power and then there is a group that is saying well I am going to wait at 28 nanometer, which is exactly behaving as we have predicted already a year ago, and is going to be a big note, and then there are a number of people that even use older technologies but really squeeze them for economic benefit. And so it’s sort of advanced design at every node at this point in time but our tools have had big impact on all of these nodes because productivity enhancements lay everywhere. So from that perspective we see a lot of intense investments and a number of people essentially jockeying for being in the lead position from a technology point of view and this year we’ll see a lot of design.
Aart de Geus: Yeah, I think if you look at the chart that sort of look at semiconductor growth rates at variety of confidence meters they all look a little bit better than last year. I am maybe cautious just because I have seen so many of these for many years and so when we say they look a little bit better than means that A people are right now forecasting the second half of the year little bit higher growth in semiconductors and B the confidence send the access up by 3% or 4%. Now 3% to 4% when you’re below 50 or above 50 is all the difference between seeing good weather or bad weather and from that perspective I think that people do feel a little bit better but they are just as experienced as I am in terms of many years and so they remain careful because these all big decisions.
Aart de Geus: Well the IC Complier II is priced higher and there is a variety of prices because there is a variety of configuration of the system including different configuration for different computer situations and we don’t disclose all the details of that. But obviously we do it in such a fashion that the value that the customer get is many times higher than the increase in pricing so that at the end of the day hopefully both the customer and ourselves are happy campers in this equation and that’s they feel very compelled to moved to this new technology because it will have good impact on them. But this is clearly a case where there is no question that there is massively more value this is not an incremental 1.3x or 1.4x better which by the way we deliver at least every year, so we have always been on a fast treadmill. This is really an order of magnitude and that just changes the whole equation of utilization going forward.
Aart de Geus: I actually don’t know the answer to that, my guess would be not all that many but in general that has never been an impairment for people to move or start spending more money, if there is more value. So, the ability to upgrade from IC complier one is often there in the contracts but the ability to upgrade from other products is really there.
Aart de Geus: Well, the first comment would be and this was part of the earlier question of, so why is the haircut bigger than what we normally see on company. Well, this was a company that was very aggressively trying to use the revenue as soon as possible in order to be able to invest in high growth. This is a great opportunity space and we will continue to try to do that at the same time we have very disciplined typically three year contract horizon. We are in the process of learning what is actually the optimal contract configuration for Coverity, as they are in the different space, software people do behave differently. And one of the reasons we are cautious before we make a lot of changes to their business is because we want to first learn what they have done to do it so well and if there are improvements or if there are things that we can apply that we have learned in our ability to scale, is we should certainly apply those because this is business that is eminently scalable.
Aart de Geus: Well we will certainly retain all the sales people. We have some very, very good people there. How we structure it is precisely part of the decision process between now and the end of our fiscal year because that’s sort of a natural point to decide to what extent we integrate or not and maybe sophisticated path in the middle to take advantage of some of the practices that have been particularly good at and take advantage of some of the brand position and the company position at Synopsys is on a worldwide basis that is much more comprehensive. So, maybe it’s a long answer to say, we don’t know the answer to your question yet because we are in the process of rapidly learning.
Aart de Geus: No we look at many things all the time and as you can imagine we don’t communicate much about that ahead of times. But if you take not that long ago we did two major acquisitions off shore, one was SpringSoft the other was EVE and so the reality of worldwide taxation is such that we do distinguish between the different locations of the cash and we have to take that into account when we plan forward.
Aart de Geus: Tom we did three deals overall in Q2 and one significant one was U.S. based but the other two were in Europe, so again we continue to see opportunities for investing outside the country as well.
Aart de Geus: Well anytime there is more competition one sees that immediately and we consider that just part of a market that is actually growing very well. And so in that context Synopsys continues to do well and last quarter was a very good example of that. But competition just tries the state of the art forward faster and that is part of why we’re an extraordinary industry.
Aart de Geus: Well that’s an excellent question because obviously initially it is outsourcing and we Synopsys have already seen multiple different ways from outsourcing stuff that anybody could design to outsourcing things that are reasonably difficult to design and where it really becomes a build versus buy decision for the customer to now outsourcing blocks that are extremely complex to build. And then on top of that extremely complex to build on the most advanced silicon technology. And so in that sense some of the Synopsys intellectual property is highly differentiated already today. So that itself is half of the answer because as people outsource more things, they also now increasingly get access to building blocks that previously would not have been able to build themselves, and I think that changes a bit the very nature of design especially in light that many of these building blocks themselves are sort of almost mini computers and therefore they come with embedded software and the opportunity for the customer to differentiate themselves more and more with the layers of software on top of that. That all sounds maybe a little complex but complexity is precisely what feeds certainly Synopsys business. And so the IP I think is a great contributor towards the next decade of very sophisticated chip design.
Aart de Geus: Well that has been our life long objective of course as a company, in many if you look back for just a second I think it’s fair to say that Synopsys is certainly one of the reasons Moore’s law has prospered so well on the design side we have continued to support it. Going forward we absolutely see at least another decade of continuation of complexity and that involves doing exactly what we just did with all these tools, which is dramatic new improvement in light of sophisticated new technology challenges coming our way. And so just to clarify also an answer from earlier, many of our customers when they buy into one of our advanced tools, such as IC Compiler they really buy into Synopsys. And the assurance that they will be able to stay up to date and in many cases they do contracts that allow them to get the next version of the tool. And of course if there is a change in price for the next version of the tool they will have to pay for that difference. But it makes it for a smooth outlook and a high degree of assurance to have low risk transitions and get the best technology at any point in time. This applies not only tow the implementations though it absolutely applies also the verification flow and with verification Compiler this is another example of fairly radical new improvement while at the same time putting together multiple capabilities at originally were partially available only in isolation, so individual products. And from a value point of view this is a very high value because if you use a simulator and you want to very quickly debunk something simulate again maybe verify some of the aspects by using the verification IP. This is all available in one product that granted will be more expensive than just a simulator but from a value per price ratio is enormously attractive for the customer so fundamentally our job is to -- pardon the expression techonomically both the technical and economic match more as well everybody of the week and so far we’ve done that.
Aart de Geus: Sure, so the EVE ZeBu Server-3 is a complete new hardware machine. Now with the hardware comes in an enormous amount of software because this is -- this is very complex device that essentially maps the design that one wants to simulate on the internal hardware structure of that machine. And so the upgrades of both hardware and software but this is truly a new machine. Now a number of people essentially when they add machines, they decide which generation they want to add and mostly people will gravitate fairly quickly to the most advanced machines because they’re too the value per price invariably is the best ratio. We see an opportunity to sell more and actually you’ve heard from my preamble that we have already a number of customers that are moving in that direction.
Aart de Geus: Yes, we’ve never disclosed installed base or market share. At this point in time, we’re clearly the number three in the markets so that’s another way of say there is a lot of opportunity. 
Aart de Geus: Sure, so let me take them in reverse order. Japan actually it is not a decline of our business. The numbers that you see here are currency related. Now there is no question that Japan is sort of going through the hopefully the end of the their two last decades because enormous amount of change happening in the country in general and specifically in the high tech and semiconductor markets you see number of consolidations you see a number of things changing. Synopsys is now particularly well there and we expect that to continue and certainly hope that the technical talent that’s in Japan will find now a renewal phase given that their sophistication is actually quite high and connecting more to the world market is really the opportunity there. Talking about Asia-Pac, I think there are many elements there because Asia-Pac of course on one hand is a number of countries that have been highly technical for many years specifically Taiwan and Korea. And now at same time have China becoming a larger and larger in terms of its role of utilization but also in developments of chips and absorption of chips domestically. And so that country of course has come later to the high tech market and what we invariably see when new countries come to any field is that they almost immediately start on whatever the latest design methodology is. So there the question was not so much outsourcing of design one used to do it’s just outsourcing periods meaning you start write away with building blocks that are commercially available and one grows firm there. And so I think the opportunity space is very good for us there as we expect that market will continue to grow and it’s on mythologies that’s Synopsys has a lot to offer in. And so I think that AP will be - continues to be a strong market.
Aart de Geus: As I think earlier in terms of M&A opportunities and growth outside of the United States, we believe our cash that is outside this country will remain there permanently. We have 100% permanent reinvestment position on the tax side and that is just where we will keep that offshore and we can borrow domestically at a lower cost than what we have, but it also to point out there is not a significant amount of cash offshore we’re talking $600 million to $700 million and we would expect that to continue there under the current tax regime.
Aart de Geus: Okay let me go backward on that on the growth rate first. I think it’s always little bit difficult to predict exactly where this ends up, but clearly we are for the core of that business inside of the semiconductor industry and so the semiconductor industry now 3-4 years in a row has had the growth rate of 2% to 3%. So in that sense we are getting a bigger share of that value change than our semiconductor customers at times. And that is the heart of where some of this challenges are it’s not a question of can we offer more value and make more difference and I think overtime there is certainly an opportunity for EDA to continue to grow a higher rate than semiconductors. If we look at where the value goes, I think the number of design seats will grow gradually partially because in Asia-Pac for the earlier question there will be more and more designers coming on board. But mostly the value goes into higher degree of absorption of multiple copies of the same tools for the same engineer and that’s mostly limited by the cost of the hardware to run it on. And so that sort of the balance of the equation, now I would add one more thing for us which is new and in the few quarters will gradually I think communicate more to you as we learn more is the fact that for the first time in our existence are certainly in our recently existence - we have a dramatically broader potential customer base. Meaning people we’ve never talked to and that is because as we enter or as we know have entered with the leadership position in the quality test and security verification of software. We are talking too many companies that do software that is not visibly liked to semiconductors because they’re running things on the computers. Now you can argue computers are semiconductors but the fact is most of those people do extremely complex project with all the challenges of errors and bugs and maintenance and you have what not and they are now needing increasingly the same level of quality that semiconductors have needed already 20 years ago. And so from that perspective, our outlook is going to be positively enhanced by the fact that first time we can talk to the customers that we have never met in the first place. So there is also a lot of learning but also opportunity.
Aart de Geus: Well, I think we’re at the top of the hour which is sort of our cutoff point. Thank you so much for attending our earnings release. I hope that you took away that we have the strong results with a lot of exciting moving parts specifically great-great advances on the technology side and a broadening of the total TAM that Synopsys is looking at. And those are certainly exciting developments looking at our future and we hope to have your support going forward. Thank you very much.
Brian Beattie: I would look kind of, Rich, this is just a narrowing of the range, given again we had good momentum for the first six months. We feel very comfortable on our Outlook now with only six months left to go. We see a fact that our run rate is up, and it’s really effectively narrowing of the range, and again the Coverity piece is performing exactly as we expected, even slightly ahead in the first six weeks.
Brian Beattie: Yes, we see actually based on all the valuation and work that we did and our third parties did a 69% haircut on the overall deferred revenues that we acquired at the beginning of the company. As you know just the accounting rules are that you do get to keep the cost to generating that revenue going forward plus there is more margin, and in a way the good news is that the cost of ongoing is not that significant. And therefore the haircut at 69% is typically a little bit higher than what we would see. We also saw the deferred revenues being a little bit higher relative to the annual run rates in companies we have acquired in the past have had. Explaining those two factors have combined to slightly higher deferred revenue haircut than what we’ve seen in the past.
Brian Beattie: Yeah, we’ve been very clear around for many years as the priority relative to our capital structure has been on new tam creation or value and earnings generation through M&A and we have put the balance sheet to work and particularly is we look at our past quarter with Coverity, we did spend total of about $368 million in our second quarter and also did a small buyback. So again our priorities are in that order of M&A first, buyback second and our debt repayment and that’s how we plan to continue to deploy and just look continue to look at all the options in front of us from quarter to quarter.
Brian Beattie: Well our revenues came in very strong in a quarter towards the higher end of what we have anticipated, so that helped us out as well. The spending, again as we are managing towards that EPS number for this year, even with a little bit of headwind, we have talked about back in Q1, we are still committed to making that earnings per share that we have addressed earlier. So, we have been watching our expenses very closely. And then the third point is as you mentioned, our tax rate and the geographic mix which does take into account the impact of our acquisitions and where they are located has provided a favorable geographical mix of our pretax income. And of course we have to catch up in our second quarter on a year-to-date basis to make that entry as well. So, all that contributed to very attractive tax rate for us and we see that in terms of very attractive tax rate for the entire 2014. So, overall that’s how we contributed. We had a great start to the year to get us on track and you can see that confidence in the full year guidance.
Brian Beattie: Yes, there is Tom. We actually used that this past quarter, so we have about a $120 million of tax in the U.S. and that is healthy amount based on any of our commitments that we have elsewhere. So, that’s the kind of a $120 million is a good minimum U.S. onshore tax rate and for the purposes of the acquisition again very specific purpose. We borrowed a very low cost interest rate of about 1.3% and we are able to use that to leverage up the capabilities in the company. And again, our discipline is traditionally to pay that off over some period of time probably by the end of the year and again we will see our U.S. balance growing up a little bit.
