Aart J. de Geus: I think we can say that we have not seen any change whatsoever regarding EDA. We suddenly feel that customers are speaking with a little bit more caution about the end of this year and maybe the first 2 quarters next year with a little bit more hope or confidence beyond that. But that's the nature of the industry that we're in. And I would say yes, there is a tightening in terms of competitiveness, but that is really not new. And we've seen that in the last 2 to 3 years. And so the uncertainty is something that people just reflect on, that's just the situation around us. But meanwhile, they're forging ahead at high speed.
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, it is. They're completely baked in because by the time we go into a new year, we sort of uphold the numbers as a function of whatever acquisition we did. Just be aware that meanwhile, there's a number of license transitions, maybe some haircut leftovers and things like that from the acquisitions. But overall, our objective remains the same, which is an ongoing basis deliver high-single-digit EPS growth. And that is really what we're optimizing the business for.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, we're essentially managing a, really, multiyear business model. And so by definition, all in all, our business model is extremely stable. And so as we make gradual improvements to the ops margin, they gradually reflect themselves, obviously, in the bottom line. But the singular most important aspect is really the ongoing growth on the top line. From quarter-to-quarter, things can be lumpy and somewhat unpredictable. And certainly for me, I’ve always heard that the way we reflect on the business is on sort of the rolling averages basis, which looks very solid.
Aart J. de Geus: No. Specifically, actually we said that we were looking forward to a low-double-digit growth rate for the IP. Now that may be a little lower than the average, partially because this year or the end of the year was particularly strong. And so this is overall a very good growth business, so doing very well. Just from one year to another, it can be a little lumpy, and so we wanted to be on the conservative side and really manage as a multiyear perspective.
Aart J. de Geus: It was the $200 million growth, up to $2.7 billion, was all from the acquisitions we completed during the year. And the rest of the organic business was a 1:1 book-to-bill ratio for the year. So again, very solid in line with the revenue growth and booking that nicely.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, one of the objectives is actually to have FY '13 with there not being a old Synopsys or old Magma. And I think we're already well on our way with that. And we ourselves at times find, therefore, it's difficult to look back on acquisitions and say, “How well did "the acquisition" do?” because the whole point is for the acquisition to help the overall company do well. And that means that we transition customers as fast as we possibly can to the resulting product portfolio. But the tradition -- that transition has 2 other components. One is the fact that in that also comes the opportunity to come out with better products that have more capabilities or are better integrated or that accelerates some area, and I think we've already seen positive impact of that. And I mentioned some of the things in the preamble. And the second thing, just as important, is how does it give us an opportunity to improve or broaden or accelerate the relationship with customers. And there's no question that the Magma acquisition has helped us go back to those customers, look at the roadmaps together and actually plot a path that turned out to be better for the customer than either scenarios they would've had with us individually. And so that is probably the best accomplishment that we've had to date with this. So looking forward, we think actually it is very much part of growing the company to the high-single-digit EPS number for this coming year.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think the ramp of our -- on our industry is a little bit that it's in a good phase in the sense that precisely because customers are so competitive and precisely because they are adopting new technology, maybe faster than what many of the providers of the technology even would have expected, the need and demand for a really strong EDA tool has increased. And so in that context, we certainly think that the core can be very solidly in the mid-single-digit growth. Some of the other areas we've said are in the low-double-digit growth. And so for us, we keep essentially setting the same objective over multiyears, which is high-single-digit growth on EPS as the final result. And as mentioned, ever since we started to do that, we have certainly beaten up that objective. But every year is a new year, and so we'll try again.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think the market is doing well across-the-board for us. There's no question that our field is very competitive and Synopsys is doing well. But the impression initially I get is that overall EDA is in a good position.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, obviously, we were aware of that before we acquired emulation, otherwise we wouldn't have done so. We are now going through the very same process as we have with some of this other acquisition, which is this very fast, go to the customers, understand exactly what matters most to them and then come back to them with very strong roadmaps. And this is particularly relevant to the area of emulation because it is not standalone. It is very much part of the overall verification solution. You heard from the initial introduction that we also acquired SpringSoft, which brings also a lot of verification technologies specifically in the debug area. And, of course, Synopsys is very well known for the superfast simulator. And so you take some of those things together, you have the potential for really a next generation solution. And that is really what we're driving at. Emulation itself is very promising to us, and the next few quarters, we'll probably demonstrate that quickly.
Aart J. de Geus: No, I do not, partially because there are many variables on an industry, and the type of people that use emulation have a particular set of challenges that some will actually in a downturn accelerate their investment, some in a downturn do just the opposite, which is stop buying hardware. And so I do think that, as with all the other technologies that we provide, at the end of the day is how much can we accelerate the competitiveness of our customers. And that is why it's actually good for us to take the time with these new technologies, and by the way also some fantastic technologists in the team, to really visit the most important customers and plot out how we can help them over a multiyear outlook. And so far the resonance is quite positive.
Aart J. de Geus: Excellent question. Obviously, we have a set of capabilities within Synopsys that is very strong specifically in the compilation side of things. And the reason that's obvious is because we were first and foremost a very, very strong simulation company. And so bringing some of those capabilities to the emulator dramatically broadens its appeal because while it is well known to be the fastest emulator in run time, from a mapping to circuit onto the emulator, we can certainly improve and we have all the technology in-house to do that. Now with that, obviously, comes the opportunity to do many other types of checks, embed various testing schemes for example. The other aspect is the relationship to prototyping, and that's also a very good question because it illustrates that in all of our solution, we really have a very broad continuum of solutions that range from completely software to completely hardware. These things are extremely complementary. And we have actually customers that use both in the same solution. And so in different phases of the verification, one tends to use one over the other for different types of tasks. But the fact that we can essentially reduce the risk of moving from one to the other going forward is actually of high benefit to our customers.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, in general, it's an indication that some of the end users would like to have a stronger tie from their system solutions all the way to the silicon technology and/or may want to become more proprietary about the secrets of what they're putting in their devices. And so the way we look at this is this is all part of a very, very competitive landscape with an enormous amount of very rapid changes. The good news is that Synopsys is used in all of the very advanced solutions extensively and that our support teams are actually very instrumental at helping people be successful. And so in that context, the answer to your question is yes, we do see this as an additional opportunity for growth in those systems houses that in the past didn't do all that much design but now are certainly very, very dependent on it and actually banking on it for their differentiation. So these are good opportunities for us.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, that's a judgment call you have to make. If there's one thing that we have been very steady on is that we're setting roughly the same guidance partially because we want to adhere to a general multiyear driving of the company, which is to achieve high-single-digit EPS. Now if we can do better, obviously we'll do our best to do that. But at this point in time, we just started the year. There's no reason to be more aggressive. But we did mention that we feel that we're entering the year with strong momentum. We've made some fabulous acquisitions. There's a lot of work to do in an unknown landscape. So the company, I think, is in a very good shape.
Aart J. de Geus: No, we've said the impact would be slightly accretive in 2013. And again, it's more a function of aligning the previous businesses into the Synopsys time-based license capabilities so that we'll have that 90% of revenue going forward coming from the backlog. So in combination, the 2 businesses would contribute about $100 million of revenue and be slightly accretive in '13. So obviously expenses, nicely less than $100 million. And that's just the transition year, if you like, the first full year that we have the business and continue to focus on improvements and synergies across the company with those.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I think that in general, it's always hard to see that pricing would change rapidly. It has not in the past, either up or down. However, I do think that we see that EDA industry right now is doing relatively well, and so that gives a little bit more backbone in terms of the pricing as we negotiate going forward because customers are very much looking at us as their best bet of their own success and differentiation. So I don't want to overstate it because it's hard to have really specific evidence when you do a lot of 3-year deals. On the other hand, in general, I think we're in a stronger position than we were, let's say, a year ago.
Aart J. de Geus: In that case, we thank you for your participation in this earnings release. I think it's clear to say that not only was Q4 a strong year, there's no question that fiscal '12 was a very strong year, not only by virtue of execution but also by virtue of the acquisition and technology leaps we did forward. And so if nothing else, I would like to leave you with the strong sense that Synopsys feels momentum going into '13 that notwithstanding whatever the landscape looks around us, we feel that we're a very solid company financially speaking and technically. And so we're actually entering FY '13 with very good hopes for good results. Thank you for your attention, and thank you for your support for FY '12.
Brian M. Beattie: I just look back to the fourth quarter, and we saw very strong cash flow as we came through into the fourth. And then we're able to overachieve the fourth quarter just based on the timing of when customers paid and looking at the profile of our disbursements. So it came in about $35 million to $40 million higher than we expected in the fourth quarter of FY '12. So naturally, you have to take that into account as you look at the expected operating cash flows for 2013. Still a very strong number though in '13, and at this point, feel being at least $350 million is a very good number.
Brian M. Beattie: Well, the revenue impact from the 2 acquisitions that were closed in October were approximately $9 million. The expenses were about the same level. So again, it was not a material impact to EPS during the quarter just in view of the integration work that was ongoing and transition to a new business model and so on.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, it's -- AR is in very good shape. It just reflects the profile, the timing of our billings out at end of the year. Our fourth quarter was very strong, and as a result of invoicing at the end of the year, during the month of October, those collections just didn't come in. So you see us typically running kind of a mid-30s type of DSO levels. And just for this particular, given the business was so strong and the timing, it came in over 50. It'll go back down, though.
Brian M. Beattie: It's both sides. The issuance of new equity, and again, there we see our stock overhangs dropping below the double-digit points and moving that in good condition. And it's really a function of what we issue and what we buy back. Our last buybacks were back in Q1, and it's a factor that given the significant levels of M&A in 2012 specifically, that is the ongoing top priority for use of our cash in that period. And finally, the last thing is the price of the stock is also reflected in the fully diluted share count as well.
Brian M. Beattie: It is both, actually, we've had very nice in our 100-point improvement in 2012, all product lines contributed to that operating margin improvement, and we'd expect that again in '13.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, good connection between the dots. There has been a very significant growth in our IP and Systems business this year overall, almost 22%. Of that, the level of maintenance and support provided by the business unit has also been very, very strong, reflecting increased positioning we've got in the market and the ability for us to offer a small level of customization to make sure all of those products will continue to work in that way. And it's not necessarily just Asia, but it really is growth across the -- all of our regions for growth in IP and Systems and growth in services, too. But Asia was a very strong grower this year.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, it has. Very strong growth in our profitability levels. We continue to indicate that overall operating margins for that business are less than the corporate average. But it just reflects the fact that it is more resource-intensive as we port the IP to various geometries and all of the manufacturing platforms. So -- but very, very good growth in Systems and IP profitability, a very good contributor.
Brian M. Beattie: We're not breaking out the financials for EVE. As you know, they were a private company. The element of SpringSoft, again a publicly traded company in Taiwan, we wanted to highlight that the combination of both of those would contribute about $100 million in revenue only to ensure that we get aligned on the Synopsis model. SpringSoft is a little bit more upfront revenue, and again, we're moving all of that into the Synopsys model of how we've got it lined up. The deferred revenue haircut was not a meaningful impact, given the various accounting standards being used in Taiwan and France and had a minimal impact in terms of deferred revenue adjustments for those 2 transactions.
Brian M. Beattie: It's at the point where we have fully integrated, again, the businesses as we try to extract the both ongoing backlog of products acquired from Magma and integrate that with the integration of our new Synopsys/Magma product integrations. It's something we're -- again, we're reconfirming, it's about $100 million run rate on that business. That's the amount we expected when we started with the acquisition. It was about $60 million in 2012, and we anticipated the impact of that on Synopsys would be about $100 million. And we're still on track for that, and that's factored into the 2013 guidance.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, Satya, let me run with that one. First off, I don't know if I misheard you, but I think you might have said $200 million of revenue from Magma, right? We're saying...
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, all 3 of them in terms of growth for '13 over '12, first of all, take into account that there was a 2% impact on revenues. Our revenue forecast right now is 11% to 12% or that would have been 13% to 14% adjusting for the extra week. When we look at the growth of SpringSoft and EVE, we saw growth of approximately $100 million. And then secondly, recall that if Magma's going to do -- Magma equivalent is about $100 million in '13, that's up from $60 million in '12. So there's about $40 million of growth there. So it's very close. Both the organic businesses are growing very solidly, and the M&A impact of the deals completed in 2012 are going to have a very positive impact as well in setting us up in '13 and for growth beyond that point. So it's very balanced between growth of both the overall numbers of 13% to 14% adjusted for the week and a nice balance between organic and M&A impact. Both are solid.
Brian M. Beattie: We're not projecting that yet. And in fact, the businesses will be totally integrated by that point. And again, the value is harder to identify than the acquisitions, as both for a very deep comprehensive perspective on verification technology throughout the company and enhancing our position in some of the analog services, particularly inside of APAC in that. So a lot of strategic value as well as very strong financials coming from a combination of these businesses.
