Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. Good afternoon everyone. Q3 was an outstanding quarter, with record revenue, non-GAAP earnings, and cash flow. Orders were ahead of plan and business growth was very strong. Our ongoing success reflects robust end-market demand, technology strength and momentum, and our focused execution. In addition, our solid financial foundation of nearly 90% recurring revenue and sizable non-cancellable backlog positions us well for variability in the environment around us. These dynamics provide us with the confidence to raise guidance for the full year. Now to our third quarter results. All comparisons are year-over-year, unless otherwise stated. We generated total revenue of $964 million, with double-digit growth in each of our product groups and strength across all geographies. Semiconductor & System Design segment revenue was $871 million, an increase of 13%, while Software Integrity segment revenue was $93 million, up 12%. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $754 million, and total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $641 million, resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of 33.6%. By segment, adjusted operating margin was 35.4% for Semiconductor & System Design and 15.8% for Software Integrity. As expected, margins are higher in the second half of the year due to the quarterly profile of revenue. Based on our top-line overachievement and ongoing expense management, we now expect a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 28% for the year. Wrapping up the income statement, GAAP earnings per share were $1.62, and non-GAAP earnings per share were $1.74. Turning to cash, we generated a total - a record $399 million in total operating cash flow. Our balance sheet is very strong. We ended the quarter with a cash balance of $1.05 billion, and total debt of $131 million. Now to guidance, which continues to assume that the current Entity List restrictions remain in place for the remainder of the year. For fiscal year 2020, our targets are: revenue of $3.66 billion to $3.69 billion; Total GAAP costs and expenses between $3.04 billion and $3.06 billion; Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $2.645 billion and $2.655 billion resulting in a non-GAAP operating margin of approximately 28%; GAAP earnings of $4.10 to $4.21 per share; Non-GAAP earnings of $5.48 to $5.53 per share; Cash flow from operations of approximately $900 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $170 million. Now to the targets for the fourth quarter: Revenue between $1 billion and $1.03 billion. Total GAAP costs and expenses between $802 million and $822 million; Total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $717 million and $727 million; GAAP earnings of $1.10 to $1.21 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $1.51 to $1.56 per share. Based on our strong outlook for the year, I realize there will be questions about 2021. Over the last two years, we’ve expanded operating margin by six points through a combination of strong revenue growth and excellent expense management.  Having said that, there are some one-time expense savings this year that we need to contemplate and factor into our 2021 outlook. Therefore, we would suggest that it’s premature to update your 2021 estimates at this time. As is our normal practice, we’re in the process of finalizing our budget and will provide our outlook when we report in early December.  I will, however, reiterate our general multi-year objectives: high-single-digit revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margin expansion to the high 20s in 2021 in the 30% range longer-term, double-digit non-GAAP earnings growth, and strong cash flow. In conclusion, we delivered a record quarter across our key metrics. Based on our strong results year-to-date, and our solid outlook for Q4, we are raising our targets for the year.  Finally, I’d like to thank our team for their commitment to our business and customers during these unusual and often trying times. With that, I’ll turn it over to the operator for questions
Trac Pham: Can I just add that in general, I think the points you raised and Aart provided are very thoughtful commentary on the technology, but a practical business perspective, what you are seeing our results to-date is the fact that despite the macro environment, the design activity continues to be really strong, and I wouldn’t necessarily associate manufacturing challenges with any impact on design, because ultimately that’s what drives our business and that’s been very healthy year-to-date. 
Trac Pham: It’s a combination of the few things. The variability of the margin is really a combination of the fact that the outlook for the year is really strong. And so, you are seeing a bit of a true up in general comp expenses in Q4. There is some impact of mix related to hardware and IP. And then, lastly, we’ll continue to prudently add to our headcount. But again, that is a normal transition. 
Trac Pham: Hey, Jackson, this is Trac. Independent of the manufacturing challenges that are at the demand for our tools continues to be very strong, because in the end, it’s about the technical challenges at designing those chips, but if you are manufacturing it in-house or outsourcing it.  And we are very optimistic about our business considering where our portfolio is. And the fact that we continue to see really good demand for our products. So, that’s – it’s an useful item that where we are seeing affected our business. 
Trac Pham: No, Jason, the one-time savings related to COVID is really across the board and similar to other companies it’s mostly around travel, obviously with us work remotely. We are not seeing a level of travel that we had in the past. Now that’s on a net, we realize a savings for the year, but there are some incremental costs that we - incremental costs and investments that we had to make to support the company working remotely.  And that’s as we think through what those ongoing costs are going to be and that’s going to be factored into our guidance for next year. That’s what I was referring to. But overall, the strong margin improvement that we are showing for this year is largely a function of the really good working growth and expense management. 
Trac Pham: Not – that wasn’t deliberate. We’ll continue to invest in that business as we said at the beginning of the year. I would say, that’s a function of us getting some savings on the travel side and some events. And in addition to that, the team is doing a really good job managing their expenses in light of where we are with revenues and bookings as we mentioned, it’s not – it’s improving since Q1, but still below where we wanted to be and so teams did really good job managing both sides of the business. 
Trac Pham: Yes. So, overall, the business is doing really well. I mean, we are seeing that in the mix of the geo growth and product growth. But there were some elements of timing as well that we saw some of the revenues that were originally planned for Q4 shift into Q3. And I would say that, it’s shaping up to be another good quarter for us.  That’s a pretty big quarter in Q4. So, I think on the whole, it’s a pretty balanced outlook for the year and we are providing the best outlook we are at this point. 
Trac Pham: Let me take that one. I think – I would say overall, this year is shaping up to be another strong year for hardware and that’s a really strong statement considering that last year was a record year for hardware despite that push out. We are not going to break down the emulation versus – as that we are seeing good growth on both sides. 
Trac Pham: Ideally, I’d like you all be patient on – and that’s across the board until we report December. But more specifically I just don’t want you to focus on margins beyond our trajectory. 
Trac Pham: No. I wouldn’t read into that at all actually. Our capital allocation strategy has been very consistent and that hasn’t changed. Right now, we didn’t set out not to do buybacks in Q3. But it turned out that way. Mostly my focus was, just making sure our team continue to be very prudent about how we are managing our cash, especially in light of the current macro environment.  I want to make sure that we are managing our balance sheet in a way that gives us the most stability and flexibility to run the business. But overall, that’s the approach in terms of managing the balance sheet for organic investments versus M&A, versus buyback, that overall approach hasn’t changed. We were making that it to – to making that a key part of this strategy. 
Aart de Geus: So, what you said is all true. But on top of that, the EDA part was also quite strong. And I think that is been the result of the innovation that we’ve done for a number of years and you may recall that we introduced some new products last year that now are really starting to see rapid growth in utilization. But overall, it was really pretty much across the board that we saw strength, and certainly IP stood out, but I would say, all of Asia was strong. 
Aart de Geus: More and more as silicon enters places where human life is involved, such as cars for example, but also robotics and so on, it becomes important for the silicon to be able to self diagnose if it’s still working. So just imagine, sitting in your car and one of the chip says, hey, I am not working quite well anymore, better start parking the car.  Well, in order to do that, you need to put all kinds of things on a chip that can then diagnose itself, I am still okay, I am still okay, I am still okay until it’s not, and of course we hope that’s never the case, but those are the capabilities that we are aiming at. 
Aart de Geus: Well, there is many, many events right now. And at the base level, fundamentally the quest for a faster, cheaper, lower power chips is unabated, unabated largely because the amount of computation continues to grow massively. So that means, there is a lot of opportunity for many providers. If you throw on top of that AI capabilities, now the desire for compute is even more extreme.  Now, having said that, there are a variety of technology developments that continue and technology developments are never quite linear, meaning the new silicon technologies get pushed towards dimensions that are so small, that is a certain degree of uncertainty. Every time somebody introduces a new note and what we see more often out is that the first introduction gets some results and then there is a second version and a third version.  But in aggregate, that push forward is still very, very fast. And we have seen this back and forth many, many times. Now there is one more trend that I would like to signal although that I don’t think it’s massively big yet, but I think it’s important is that more and more providers are now looking at doing multiple chips not just in a package, but literally sitting on top of other chips to bring them in high proximity.  This used to be called in the late 90s and early 2000 more than more referring to Moore's Law, meaning it’s not just more transistors on a chip, but it is actually multiple chips really squeezed together maximally, also referred to as 3D IC. And so, this is a trend that – what’s sort of difficult for a long time, because it’s difficult to do technically and now it’s only we see it’s growing very rapidly.  And all of that tells me that AI is starting to drive the architectures, because AI has a lot of data. And so, you want to bring the data as close as possible to the processing. And those efforts are massively moving forward right now. So, I see we have a lot of opportunities frankly. 
Aart de Geus: Well, it’s an interesting question. And the first part is an obvious positive, which is more servers is good for our market, because even if this completion among the providers they all going to race forward to high performance and low power and high density. But the second observation, the second thing I think you alluded to is also interesting, which is there will be more diversity in the type of computations.  And so, a variety of accelerations are going to make their way more and more into the cloud and that includes of course, all kinds of different AI algorithms. And because these things are so compute hungry, they are all going to be get optimized for some aspects that is of particularly high value.  So, if nothing else, I think the whole compute space itself will have many providers with many different chips and both the word many and the word different are really good for Synopsys, because they all need to be optimized and designed and verified and tested. 
Aart de Geus: Well, so there is two aspects. One is I think the situation over the last few quarters has been a low murky just because the attention of people on these types of tools has been lower than it was before. I think that will come back, I think pretty substantially as the market now has stabilized and as people will come back to having to be defensive about their chips.  The second aspect is much more internal. We grew the company or that part of the company very, very fast. We pushed very hard on ops margin last year and we came to the conclusion that we needed to do a bit of a reset in terms of how we are managing this and how do we scale all of the processes. That includes the field processes, it also includes how we look at integrations and the clear focus for the platform.  And it’s in that context that we are really very enthusiastic about Jason joining, because he brings an experience base that we didn’t have there in the past. And therefore, we can see that in a matter of a couple of quarters, I expect that we’ll see the impact of – just some corrections that we are making in that business unit.  The initial reactions have been very, very positive. And I must say, having interacted with him I can immediately see that there is a degree of competence that will benefit us greatly as the business itself was actually in a very good position. And as you’ve seen a good quarter, but it’s not as good as we wanted to be. So, there is work to be done. 
Aart de Geus: Sure. We touch manufacturing in many places. The most profound place with some customers, we are very involved in the actual niche of development of their process to create advanced transistors, because we have the capability to simulate those before they get billed. From there we move up in terms of helping customers create what are essentially the descriptions of their process, so that, it can be linked to the design tools and we are very proficient in that.  And this is the area where you see constant change, even a new process gets introduced, a matter of a month or two later their modifications, because people are constantly driving not so much to performance of the process anymore, but the yield, meaning initially the early chips don’t yield very well, and then they yield better and better and better over time.  And so, we are involved in that. Where our engagements grows very, very rapidly is right after that, which is making sure that our tools intersect well with the process, with other words that our tools bring the best out of the manufacturing process. But the same can be said identically for our IP meaning that we provide building blocks that get highly optimized for the different processes and as we go to smaller and smaller geometries, this is more and more differentiated and difficult task.  And difficult is actually good for us because Synopsys is uniquely competent at that. As we then move to yet an higher level, as people design chips, we of course assist the different design companies with how they design their circuits in light of the processes that we know very well. So, and then, probably the last level where that intersects that these chips have to also be tested and different testing techniques get used for different silicon technologies.  So, it’s another way of saying that we are both the connector and a buffer throughout the entire design flow and complexity flow. And the experience that we bring helps at any level make up for some of the shortcomings that invariably happen. And I am not pointing fingers at any of those levels, just all substantially challenging stuff to do.  And so, our support teams help people bridge towards the new nodes on a constant basis. And so, the fact that you see a time sort of disruptions or accelerations in silicon development is a very natural phenomenon in silicon design for the last twenty years. The fact that these things are very large investments is of course always of concern, because one hopes to get high yield as soon as possible, but invariably it just takes time for that to have them.  In all cases, we are involved to the point that it is beneficial to us to support many different silicon nodes for many different vendors. And at the end of the day, it’s the end-customer the semiconductor chip designers that design which nodes they will be using. And of course, we listened carefully to them. 
Aart de Geus: You know, weirdly enough the answer is, yes and yes. And so, let me start with Fusion Compiler. I think it’s doing terrifically well and we do see that a lot of the future will be heading in that direction as the results are just very, very compelling.  At the same time, it’s completely by accident this morning I was writing a little note to the team that’s working on the IC Compiler, because they have some stellar results at a very important large customer that actually decided to have significant portion of their chips done with ICC II. And so, it just shows that different people have different forms of flows that some people like to have the integrated version, some people have maybe design flows that they have optimized in the past for the individual tools.  And both absolutely have the state-of-the-art and it’s been a good choice for us to be able to maintain both of those directions. 
Aart de Geus: Okay. Jay, you had about 17 questions in that one question. But let me try to split it like this. There is two types of AI. One is the AI that we apply inside of our tools and in many ways for the application engineers that’s not any different than what they did in the past, of course they need to be knowledgeable about the tools they need to know how to use it well in what circumstances you get the highest return.  But fundamentally, it’s a continuation of being experts in some phase of the design flow. One of the other aspects of AI is to now look more at sections of the design flow and they are engaging with the design community is actually of high value.  Now, many of our AEs do that as part of their daily job anyway, even though everybody is sort of working from home today, it’s quite amazing how good the connectivity continues with the design community.  And so, over time, it is possible that that we’ll see gradually an emphasis to look a little bit more at the complete flows, because there is lot of benefit from an AI point of view there over time. But right now, I think it’s mostly a continuation of the type of people that we have, because they have to be very versatile anyway, know the tools, know how the customers design, know the urgencies, et cetera.  As to where, I don’t think that they changes the profile. It’s the most advanced people that will also be the early adopters. Now there is no question that Asia in general, China, Korea, Taiwan continue to be the areas of rapid adoption of new technologies and I don’t expect that to change all that much either. In all cases, it’s great opportunity space for us where we are making really quite astounding as a progress. 
Aart de Geus: Well, we don’t break out the HyperScalers, but we’ve said already quite a number of years ago that system companies which is really are the people that we love together that do more just chips that also add software, in some cases have a broader value proposition. It has been about 40 plus percent of our revenue for quite a number of years.  I would put the HyperScalers in that domain, because they have many different interests and actually maybe making their money not so much by selling the chips, but by using them themselves. And so, right there, that’s a bit of a different catalyst. Having said that, they are interesting because for the year the earlier question that’s one of you asked about how many different servers are you seeing?  Are you seeing people investing in the broad set of architectures, well, they all are and they all are a s a function of whatever their customer base has workloads. And so, there is a very big difference between doing let’s say, credit card checks versus doing AI research for some oil exploration. Both require lot of computation, but it’s very different computation.  And so, I think that the HyperScalers, because they have so much opportunity are going to continue to be more and more interested and if not influencing even controlling some of the architectures and have an opportunity to literally create a lot of different chips that suits just their need. And in that regards, we have just excellent relationships there and we see a lot of growth opportunity. 
Aart de Geus: Sure. Let’s start with the entity list, as you know there was a bit of an update this week. We analyzed it, understood it and predominantly it does not changed the outlook that we have given you and the outlook encompasses the fact that we expect the entity list to continue where it’s been now for the last nine months or so.  Having said that, China is strong across the board and that’s largely because its economy has – I wouldn’t say returned to normal, but certainly a degree of normalcy that is relatively advanced. And there are lot of investments in a lot of companies that are not on the entity list. And so, throughout the electronics economy, we are doing very well there. But it’s partially true for that this the countries surrounding China, as well. So, Far East in general.  In terms of competitive endeavors, obviously there is a lot of talk about every aspect of high-tech China wanted to become independent of the west. That will take a long time. And so, while there are efforts certainly in semiconductor manufacturing, there are a few efforts as well in the – on the EDA side. There too, it is relatively very, very small compared to what we can provide and I think it will take a long time before it’s very competitive.  And so, lastly, we are doing well in China in general and do not see that’s changing rapidly. But we are all looking forward to see what happens after the elections and if at that point in time there is a mellowing or a harshening of the situation. 
Aart de Geus: Well, you know, there has always been this debate how much compute goes to the edge and how much goes to the center? And the answer I think is, yes, on both – both are growing rapidly and part of that is that a lot of the data that gets now generated on the edge rather than transporting it all to some center compute place gets at a minimum triaged or simplified or concentrated.  And so, we see a lot of development of AI for the edge in a broad, broad set of companies. So, from my perspective, it’s sort of the more of the merrier, because there too, we are going to see more and more specialties meaning that, because AI can be very compute-intense, if you can reduce that intensity by focusing on specific problems, specific types of data, you cannot only get much better results, you can also do it in a much shorter amount of time.  And that is why I think we kind of see a continued broadening of these types of chips. And many of those, by the way, use embedded cores or embedded IP just to reduce their go-to-market time. So, we see growth in both of these camps for us. 
Aart de Geus: No, not at all. I mean, for most chips, the minute they become sophisticated enough that they have some software running on it, you cannot go fast enough to some prototype to at least developing the software before you actually have the chips. And HAPS is not as expensive as a big emulation machine and very often actually gets used to not only mimic the chip that you are designing, but also mimics some of the surroundings, maybe the sensors that tool be connected to that chip, you can just plug those into the HAPS board.  And so, the work prototype really is the way you imagine it. I think that is very compact, but where you can plug in a lot of wires to bring the reality directly to the chip and that is what HAPS does particularly well. And so, I expect it to continue to grow. It’s growing very well by the way. 
Aart de Geus: Okay. Well, in that case, thank you so much for the time you spent. I hope that you got a sense that we were blessed with a very, very strong quarter, but just as much with a very strong outlook forward. And that much of that is due to the technologies introduced over the last few years doing well, but also with thanks to the team and our customers for working under situations that are far from ordinary, yet are eminently practical in how we are managing it.  So, thank you for your attention. And we will follow up with the usual Q&A with individuals. Thank you. 
