Brian Beattie: Yes, you bet, Raj. Okay, on the first question, the sales and marketing expense. That effect, it reflects the total expense increase sequentially from Q1 to Q2. It's primarily in that sales and marketing line. And it's all about commissions. As you know, we take a proportional expense accrual on the total bookings levels that go throughout the year, and we're just indicating Q2 has a very, very strong quarterly bookings number for it. So therefore, it takes into account the very significant amount of bookings that came in on the quarter, reflects commissions and, to some extent, some of the variable compensation, on top of that, for the rest. The second question about the tax rate. You're right. When we look at our total year, our guidance is 24% to 25%. And what we reflect in there is both Q1, where the rate came in at 21% -- and as you know, that reflected the approval through the government of the R&D tax credit, and that had about a $5 million impact in Q1 and took us to 21%. In the second quarter, we're at 21% as well, which reflected the impact in 2011 of the audit that was just completed by the IRS for our years -- '06 through '09. And clearly, it made it very clear for us on how we treat certain actions in '11. We're able to flow that through and make all of the year-to-date adjustments totally accurate. So those are again, the onetime impacts you factor into your year. And then, on the year at this point, 24% to 25% does reflect some increase in the higher rates in Q3 and Q4 to reflect the onetime events happened in the first half. And we're still working through on the tax rate to optimize that overall.
Brian Beattie: It's going to be in the range of about 25%, 26% even for the year as we get through all the onetime costs in the first half.
Brian Beattie: Again, we achieved that high end of our target. Our revenue is just slightly up and our expenses are just slightly up to that basis.
Brian Beattie: Yes, I'm not going to quantify on that. Be relative to the amount of accruals we made on that commission shifting. But when you looked at where our guidance was, we came in slightly above that. And just think about that as the timing on the commissions for the total year basis just got put into the quarter. Our guidance into Q3 reflects that our expenses are coming down as we'd anticipate that profiling changes into Q3.
Brian Beattie: Well, just to clarify some of the positions on that. As you look for the first half and the second half, we're still projecting an increase in revenues in the second half, compared to the first half. And just as we identified last quarter, that our second quarter, based on a very high level of visibility we have to all of the contract terms, conditions and project deliverables, they were really scheduled to come in into the second quarter. And they did exactly do what we had forecast. If you wanted to break down, even sequentially from Q1 to Q2, about 2/3 of the increase in the revenues came into the IP and systems group. And clearly, that reflects about a 24% overall sequential growth in IP and systems. So very strong. But even as you look at that, each one of those are specific contracts that reflect on percentage completion in terms of revenue models and specific deliverables that are completed by the engineering teams and delivered in the second quarter. So we had that level of visibility. The other 1/3 of the growth sequentially was in our core business. And it really just reflects the visibility we had to the specific contracts, of when they mature, when they deliver, and when new ones start up, if you like. So that kind of takes you from Q2 to Q3. And then in -- excuse me, Q1 to Q2. And then in Q3, just a very slight decline that we're projecting at this point, just because of the visibility. Very strong growth we have in the customer deliverables in Q2, and still well on track for our total year commitment. And it's all just very normal fluctuations in the contract terms, conditions as we move forward, as we assimilate a number of the acquisitions we had last year and reflect all of that in our business model moving forward.
Brian Beattie: No. I'd say to clarify, on the core business, we are a very good quarter, as we said, reflected in the numbers. On a year-over-year basis, we're up 3.9%. And our indications around the core business is in that low to mid single-digit growth rates for the core business, and then the double-digit growth rate on our IP and systems business.
Brian Beattie: It's the latter part, Jay. The growth in our business now -- almost a $200 million run rate in overall services. Most significant part of the growth is coming from our business units, themselves. And in particular, as I was saying, about half of the growth in the whole systems and IP area is in the services piece itself. So this reflects a number of the acquisitions that we made recently that have a more significant percentage completion model of revenue recognition. So we'll sign up to a project, and as the project is completed, we make the milestones committed to in the contract and we take the revenue. So all of the growth you're seeing there is coming primarily from our services group and some other slight growth from the other business units that's coming through. So that's just reflecting the new businesses we've got and a larger amount of services work that goes along with the new businesses. And I think that's going to continue to grow.
Aart de Geus: Sure. Well, I think top-down, we see a little bit of growth everywhere in the company, but IP clearly stands out. And if you look at what's happening there, is that there are a lot of customers that are now using very large blocks in order to get very quickly to market, a. And so it's interesting that there are a number of customers for example, in the Far East that almost start from scratch, and very quickly have sophisticated chips. This is in contrast to existing companies that have been doing their IP for many years themselves, where the trend towards outsourcing is a natural outcome from 2 things, I believe. One is that, there's a desire to just be more productive and more cost efficient, and designing your own stuff doesn't do that. But the second, thing is that -- and many of these IP blocks, themselves, are becoming very sophisticated, and not every company has the skill set in-house. And so the result for us is that there's been a very high demand across the board for many blocks, from very small to very complex ones, with many requests for porting to an enhanced set of technologies, because simultaneously in the background, there's acceleration towards the smaller geometries. And so we're supporting, actually, a quite broad spectrum of silicon technologies with a very broad spectrum of IP blocks.
Aart de Geus: There's no explicit change in strategy. I think the thing -- the term "think about it" is the right word because the challenge with service is always the same. The people that are really interested in top-notch services are also interested in top-notch talents to do that. That tends to be very expensive and not always easy to provide, and therefore the cost equation is hard to completely justify in the business model. And so we're comfortably rethinking that because with the IP, certainly there's an opportunity to be closer to a number of these customers. And we are actually doing some very sophisticated implementations with customers of subsystems, including supporting their processor work and the blocks we provide around that. And so there's an opportunity space there. The financial equation has not been all that simple, so I don't want to jump to any conclusions yet.
Aart de Geus: Well, just to make clear before I answer, we never comment about any specific actions that one of our customers may take. But in general, what you're describing, we have actually seen at a few customers that are seeing the benefit of being very well -- working directly with us on their most advanced designs, because, by the time you optimize a processor primarily for speed and power and the blocks around that, you're talking about very sophisticated designs. If you add to that, which is a given in that field, that you want to be on the most advanced silicon technologies, you're adding a whole set of other dimensions where the EDA provider, and in this case, you could say also service provider, which we are in these situations, has to have very good connections to the silicon technology. And so this becomes very much a team sport where everybody has to rely on the few partners they work with. And so yes, we have seen some of the large companies that have a very high return on investment by shining in that dimension, that they are bringing in more of design in-house and both for competitive reasons, I have to be, of course, extremely careful with the information. But also for competitive reasons, very aggressively driving the future.
Aart de Geus: Well, in general, we are not yet on the conclusion that the duration is coming down. I think there's always a fair degree of variability from one quarter to another. But in general, I think our business, we still consider essentially a 3-year business, certainly for the core EDA tools and everything that's sort of in that ilk. Regarding other parts of the business, there, you have a little bit different business model because the IP is not in quite the same vein, and so you can see spikes up and down. And that would, on average, bring the durations down. But fundamentally, I don't think we see a big change in our business model.
Aart de Geus: Well, obviously, we have seen with stupor the events that happened there, like everybody else. It was interesting to see how, in some areas, specifically, semiconductor technology, the diagnostics were very, very fast in finding out where the real shortcomings were. And it appears that, from what we see, the customers that are hurt are people that are either directly affected in their business, so where their factories have been hit, or that are systems companies that need a variety of almost mechanical parts, and automotive is very obvious in that. In the semiconductor field, after, I would say, about 8 to 12 weeks, the number of commentaries about this went way down, and the expectations is that in about 2 quarters total, this is less visible for the semiconductor industry because alternatives have been found. Now having said that, obviously, a number of Japanese companies are working very hard on reestablishing their business flow. And we are doing the best we can. Initially, mostly by helping them work during the power outages, because many of the software programs run much longer than the 8 or 10 hours that they have. But today, I don't see that there's much impact on our behavior. There has certainly not been any impact on our business.
Aart de Geus: A little bit of both, mostly natural renewals. We have a number of products that people are interested in. And so it feels to me a little bit like businesses is back to business as usual before the whole downturn. And in that situation, no contract gets renewed the last day of the contract for a couple of reasons. A, because neither party ever wants to be in a situation where the other party feels that they're being held hostage. But more importantly, because very often, there are new products, there are new capabilities or there are increases in utilization that people want to have. And invariably, our sales team will then take the existing contract and then essentially amend it or scratch it and renew it for the next 3 years or so. And so it feels very much to me like we're into a normal business season.
Aart de Geus: Well, in many ways, this question should have touched directly to the previous one, which is the duration, because as R&D spending jumps up or jumps down, we are much more mitigated because it tends to end up in 3-year agreements. Now the fact that R&D goes up, I think there's no question it's good news. And it ties directly to one of the things that I expressed in my opening commentary, which is that the pressure for time-to-market is on, but it also expresses the fact that a number of our customers are seeing increased emphasis on all the software that's attached to the designs that they're doing. In other words, things are more complex and are under more time pressure. And those are all good things for our industry because that's precisely the core skills that we bring to the party. And our job is to make sure that we have products that they can pick up. In that context, I wouldn't be surprised if we also saw a continuation of growth of the IP reuse business, because that's actually one of the cornerstones to get to market more quickly.
Aart de Geus: Sometimes. I think whenever a customer has more budget, as you can imagine, their general managers immediately have 10 ways to spend it. And we want to be as close as possible to those people at that time. At the same time, there's also a certain steadiness to what we do and what they do, because -- just because they increase their budget doesn't mean that tomorrow, they have 10% more engineers or do 10% more chips. I think the correlation is not one-to-one right there in that minute. But in aggregate, there is certainly a linkage between the 2, and this bodes well for us.
Aart de Geus: Well, this is a question that literally comes back every node. And there's always 2 perspectives, one is the perspective that with every node, people will buy dramatically different tools. And that perspective is just not quite correct. And the reason is that much of the design that's done is being tuned for the next node and actually is predicated on being successful with the previous one, otherwise the degree of difficulty is just astronomical. On the other side of the spectrum though, is the fact that with the new node, and we can it see it very clearly for 28 and now for 20, there are a number of new technical challenges that are actually very difficult to meet. And one of the -- the reason we are particularly bullish on the offerings that we have is because I think Synopsys has an enormous degree of competence, both in its technology and its support and services in these advanced nodes. And not surprisingly, we are involved in virtually every most advanced chip in the world, to help them move there. And so as much as we simultaneously would like to increase our billing to them, the first objective, of course, is to be the chosen partner in that move forward. And I think very often, we are.
Aart de Geus: Yes. I think you captured exactly the essence. And we certainly think that we have very high market share in the advanced nodes.
Aart de Geus: Well, the reality is it's always a very competitive market. I do believe that with some of the competitors doing maybe a little bit better than a few years ago, there's only the opportunity for focusing a little bit more on the value delivered than focusing on the price. And for the earlier comment of R&D budgets going up, we should aim our pricing at those R&D budgets. Now having said that, it's a very competitive field with a very rapidly changing set of technologies. And so that will never go away. But I don't feel that the pricing has become -- has changed substantially towards the negative, no.
Aart de Geus: Excellent question, because it is a topic of constant discussion here as to how to balance of these things right. There's no question that the IP business has growth opportunities. There's also no question that we'll need to make investments to build new titles, port to more silicon technologies. And the -- obviously, the investment comes before the revenue. And so in that context, we are focusing on gradually improving the margin in that business, but we're also very much interested in growing the business itself because that opportunity is there. And every year, we visit those questions. And as a matter of fact, during the year, multiple times. But for a given year, we set ourselves a number of objectives. And so in aggregate, just to make clear what we said earlier, we are very much on track for the company to meet the earnings objectives we have set for this fiscal year. As we go forward, we will revisit that exact question because, simply put -- and you will understand this better than we do, it is all about, how do we grow the value of the company? And that is obviously a balance between the profitability versus the growth rate. And this is an example where we have opportunities in both dimensions. So balance will be the key. But so far, I think we're doing very well because we're improving both.
Aart de Geus: Well, first, I think we are in a very good situation to continue to do well in Asia Pac for a number of reasons. One, we have established now for many years a stellar team in multiple countries. And when we talk about Asia Pac, obviously, many people immediately focus on China, as being so visible on the world stage. But clearly, there are other countries, such as Taiwan and Korea, that are major participants in the semiconductor market, and to a lesser degree, India and Singapore and a few others. And so it's actually a very broad region that all has its own needs and its own behaviors. And the good news is I think we have very high-quality teams in each region that are well-connected. So from the perspective, will we be able to continue to support and participate in the regional growth? The answer should be a resounding "yes". From the perspective of, is there a big difference in the business types? Well, a little bit in China. I would say, partially because there's much less history than in the other country, but there's also an extremely, extremely rapid learning ramp, partially helped by people that have learned in the West, partially by the fact that the governments have been very proactive in the semiconductor and high-tech segment. And in that context, there are a number of companies that are essentially joining -- jumping, sorry, straight to system-on-a-chip design using losing large blocks, using advanced tools, and not being encumbered by any not-invented-here flows from the path. At the same time though, a number of multinationals are in these countries as well, and are taking advantage of the entrepreneurial and rapid movement. So bottom line is I think we're in a good position from both perspectives, and yes, I do think that we will continue to see, relatively speaking, good growth in that area of the world.
Aart de Geus: Well, we never comment specifically on our business practices. I would say that in general, the ranges tend to be very uniform for most customers. There are always some exception, and the exception needs to be really justified, why it makes sense either strategically or economically. But in general, I think our business model is relatively uniform.
Aart de Geus: Well, software as a service. There are many, many different forms of that. I can tell you only what we have done or are doing. We recently introduced to some of our customers, a cloud computing capability that is aimed specifically at the simulation field and aimed specifically at the need for some customers to have some peak availability of simulation. And the challenge for a number of customers is they may be late on a project, they see, maybe, an opportunity to go faster to market or so, and lo and behold, suddenly they need 2,000 computers for 2 weeks. Well, many customers cannot either afford it or are just limited by their computer environment, by the facilities, by the process to buy these, et cetera, et cetera. And so the -- what we have available is the capability that, for which we have teamed up with Amazon, to make it possible for customers to literally, on very short notice, have available, let's say, 2,000 computers with our VCS simulator. We charge a price per hour for the customer. And that's, of course, a function of the number of hours that they're willing to commit. Of course, we pay Amazon for the privilege of using their computers. And as part of the business model, the price is not discountable by our field force because that is very important in these type of business models. And we're now looking at is this of interest to customers. We have already navigated through many of the technical issues on how to make this practical, to many of the legal issues on how to make sure that the security is there, to some of the service issues in terms of how can you quickly make it work. But the business model has to still be proven, and this is early. So essentially, literally, just mentioned it to our customers in our users group meeting. And I think the next 12 months will tell if there is some life in that business model.
Aart de Geus: Well, we appreciate the time you just spent with us. Hopefully, you heard that we finished with a very strong and solid quarter Q2 with an excellent outlook towards the end of the year. And as usual, Brian I will take some of your questions after the call. Have a good rest of the day. Bye-bye.
