Aart de Geus: I think that is too conservative, indeed. We have, of course, multiple businesses. And the fact that all did so well in '19, we are a little bit more cautious in predicting - sorry, did so well in '18, we're a little bit more cautious to predict '19 given all the turbulences in the market and uncertainty. Having said that, we actually feel that the EDA market has been quite healthy and sits in the mid to upper half of the teens. So I think, yes, one can judge the numbers a little bit. But it's certainly higher than what you are referring to.
Aart de Geus: Sure. The delivery of the platform is scheduled in 2019. We have not been too specific on the exact dates. But in all fairness, platforms like that get delivered into multiple pieces. And we have already a number of people using it in alpha versions. The thing to realize is while we have developed a lot of software inside of the existing Software Integrity group, we have also made a number of acquisitions over the last few years. And so it is a mixture of integrating those acquisitions and simultaneously, modifying them sufficiently so that they actually fit in seamlessly in the platform. And I personally witnessed, by visiting a number of the larger customers, the desire to have solutions that are broader, that have the same interfaces, the same representations of data and can be navigated more easily from one product to another or looking at statistics from a management point of view. And so that is the direction that the platform is taking. So we have good hopes that this is a great way to broaden our market appeal while still racing forward with the individual products that are in quite good demand.
Aart de Geus: It feels like repeating what you just said, which is, for a good reason, we're always a bit cautious because the ups and downs in the hardware business can be abrupt because customers typically do larger orders. And when they come in - and I believe they want shipment yesterday. And so that can go up and down, can be impacted by economy. At the same time, my answer is yes, for the business, it was genuine because it sits right at this intersection of a set of problems that are becoming more difficult, which is, can you run the software on hardware that's not ready yet, i.e., can you run it on a prototype? And emulation is well suited for a lot of these things. So we expect continued interest. And of course, we hope that we will do very well there. But it's hard to completely predict well, and that's where the caution over the last 2 years just continues.
Aart de Geus: The answer is no, we have not seen any impact. Of course, we are well attuned at all the back and forth and the tension discussion. At the same time, we have done extremely well in China, as we have in '19 - in '18 in the rest of the world. But China certainly stands out as an area of good growth for us but also a quite diversified growth. And so from that perspective, we are essentially planning a continuation, of course. But if there are external changes, they tend to be beyond the things that we can control.
Aart de Geus: Well, the good news is I think we've already seen some acceleration, and maybe let me formulate it differently than in the preamble. We really introduced two products and the solidification of the platform. The first product was actually a next version of the synthesizer. For those people that have an existing design methodology, they fundamentally don't want to change things. They can immediately adopt a next version that has a much better result. And that adoption will follow the same adoption that we have when we have new releases or very fundamentally new releases of products. For our Fusion Compiler, that is really reaching beyond that in that it is the deep integration or Fusion as we call it, of multiple product while simultaneously adding new technologies. And there, we have quite a number of customers that are in the early phases of adoption, and we have high hopes because the results are looking quite good. But with all products that are quite advanced, we make sure that there is sufficient handholding so that it makes the transition well. So bottom line of all of this is we look at the Fusion platform as really the basis for the next decade of advancements. That's why I was mentioning that over time, there will be more capabilities rolling in as we now have the fundamental data representations and ability to mix and match algorithms that will add value to the many different tools.
Aart de Geus: Yes, we have definitely thought about that. I would caution that one of the reasons for success of these platform machines is that they invariably tend to be very focused on market segments where you truly can accelerate things massively. And so there's always a trade-off between the ultimate speed and the generality of the application. Having said that, the domain of acceleration, the domain of existing algorithm, the domain of AI algorithms is absolutely in the midst of a lot of change. And we are exploring a number of areas to see what we could do that would create value. I think it's a bit early to talk about specifics. But right now, we're racing forward with what we have in the market that we have, and I think we see a lot of opportunity there.
Aart de Geus: Maybe if I could add to that, SIG is doing very well. And one of the characteristics of that is that from what initially started as a business with very short time frame, we are gradually moving to larger and longer contract. And I think that is a sign of not so much of a maturation of the market but some degree of maturation of the quality of our business. And so that is extremely encouraging, and so in that sense - and this, by the way, applies really across the board at Synopsys.
Aart de Geus: Well, the reason is that we've seen a lot of vertical industries, banking, on the fact that electronics or AI as the intersection of electronics and algorithms is going to have a very big impact. And so with that, the amount of design and the focus on multiplicity of architectures is very high. And we expect continuation of aggressive design. Secondly, these designs are much more complex than what we've seen 5 years ago. And so in that sense, the opportunity of the market will continue for those companies that can stay in tune with these advances, and we certainly are and intend to be in a leadership position for that. So in general, the confidence is positive. And so you counter to that the volume of semiconductors or the pricing being somewhat in question for next year. In balance, we feel that we are in a good position.
Aart de Geus: In the overall preamble, we mentioned that we are having a focus to move the ops margin to the numbers that we gave you. And so that includes all the businesses, and every one of our GMs has a target to make sure that we'll get there.
Aart de Geus: Well, we're not seeing any impact from the expectations of overall size of the semiconductor industry, and I think that's partially due to the fact that we're not immune to some of the ups and downs, but we are - our business is greatly tempered by the ups and downs because engineering efforts continue, good or bad weather. And in many situations, companies actually make sure that they invest well in the new products in order to differentiate in what may be a more challenging market. So in that sense, I think EDA in general has done well in the ups and downs of the industry. And then the other is just the practical situation that we see a lot of chips being designed.
Aart de Geus: You have a lot of questions in one question. Let me first position what mobility meant. And yes, of course, we call that smartphones, but the smart then meant mostly a phone that has a lot of really interesting applications on them and those applications are extremely connected with each other. And so you see capabilities such as Facebook or many of the apps that give you GPS information, restaurant and so on. That word smart was more reflective of the first time being able to do that on a phone. When we now talk about the word smart, we really refer to the embedding of AI technology. And so that is a degree of reasoning that has not been seen before. And of course, on one hand, you can say that's a continuum, and I would agree with that. On the other hand, from a technology point of view, the computation that goes with AI is highly specialized, is very hungry for more computation and sensitive also to not using too much power. And so it's in that context that it is true that in the previous 10 year, mobility drove chip design because succeeding computation, the years before that, it had this additional demand of low power because phones are portable and battery-driven. Well, this time, we have an additional push which is they want also faster computation. And therefore, people will design chips that do only AI in order to be fast and low power. And so that's the whole next generation. And I am the first one to say I think we're at the very beginnings of this. There will be some great successes, have been already. There will be some that we'll have to rethink things. And so it's a very dynamic industry. But we can feel it because we see a very large number of companies, startups and very large system companies, investing in AI techniques and so expect that to continue for us.
Aart de Geus: Well, we appreciate you listening in. I understand the market is closed and you must be working anyway and so are we, and so we are looking back on a very strong 2018. The last 5 years, we made many changes to the company that have put us in a good position, including diversifying towards a broader TAM that has a lot of future promise, and also investing in many of the technologies that have driven, and will continue to drive, let me call it, Synopsys classic, so to speak. And so we hope that we will be able to share continued good results in 2019, and we hope you have a good transition into the New Year. Thank you very much.
Trac Pham: It is partially related to that. If you look back over time, you'll see that model change as a result of the higher mix in growth of hardware and IP, which tends to be more upfront - which has an element of upfront. For this year, we actually had a very strong bookings year. And you can see that reflected in the backlog, the $4 billion backlog that we reported. There were some timing of deals that slipped out of the quarter, so that did affect the percentage.
Trac Pham: So the first part of the question is, yes, we are reporting inventory levels, and that's to support the demand of hardware and the timing of when customers do need hardware. I missed the second part of your question.
Trac Pham: So it won't affect revenue recognition. Hardware has traditionally been recognized upon shipment, which is typically upfront. So we'll continue to see that under 606. And as I mentioned previously, the buildup in inventory is just a function of the growth in the hardware business.
Trac Pham: So with regards to the operating margin question, for this year in 2018, we did see roughly 250 basis point impact on overall margins because of the investments in Software Integrity.
