Aart J. de Geus: Sure. Well, in many ways, you just gave exactly the right color in the first place which is, there's obviously some efficiency to be gained by virtue of dealing with the overlap of the companies. It is also very clear that top priority for us is going to be very much the customer. And there are really 2 aspects to that, which is making sure that they are well served today and that all of their existing projects are safe. And that, of course, touches, first and foremost, the field support, but also some of the R&D forces. And secondly, the long-term, being able to take the wealth of technology that is joining our force and evolving our mutual products, or combinations thereof, going forward. We will stand away a little bit from giving too much detail, at this point in time, for a couple of reasons: a, because we are still putting together the overall business picture, and b, because, obviously, our first priority is to interact with the employees, get to know the key people and as many as possible of the whole team and, then, make decisions that are wise and also where our own employees are informed first and foremost.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, we ourselves are in the low -- actually, in the mid to mid-high right now for this year already. And I'm always a little bit careful before changing opinions too quickly on something that is, all in all, very, very stable and moves gradually. Having said that, though, I think we have told you now for a number of quarters that we see an intensifying of the pressure for our customers to really compete on the basis of very complex technologies. And this is complexity both towards smaller silicon and towards the systems area. And so I think their needs to count on EDA to make that actually possible is increasing very rapidly. Therefore, I'm not surprised that a number of the key EDA vendors are reporting good results. And I think that is very positive because it feels like there is a bit of strength in our industry at a time where we, of course, are strengthening our company even further.
Aart J. de Geus: Sure. Well, we do have rough ranges, otherwise we wouldn't be able to tell you that we expect it to be accretive in the first year. But realize that in account-competitive landscape, until you pass the hurdles of government approval, you can essentially not share any knowledge about anything that could impact the competitiveness of either of the entities. And so the closure with the government was just very, very recent. And so, we decided to move right ahead with the closure, and now we will go into much more detail in understanding their business model. Now, having said that, we're not seeing any surprises. As some of you have already recognized, their business model is quite different from ours. We have communicated to you for now quite a number of years that we're in the high or in the mid-90s percentage ratable, and their business is actually quite a bit different from that. Actually, if you look at their latest 10-Q, you'd see that about half of their business is upfront. And so we will need to work through a model shift to align that with our business practices. And these things are just complex to do and will require a detailed understanding of every contract. And these contracts are actually very complex, so that takes some time. But fundamentally, we don't expect any big surprises, we just understand that the details will come together as we work through all the details, literally.
Aart J. de Geus: Okay. Well, in general, what you're saying is correct. It is mostly customers that need more capabilities, more of our existing tools or that are growing more aggressively in reusing IP. And so, it is a little bit all over the map. But I wouldn't say that it's necessarily early renewal, it's more a broader renewal from the business that we've been doing. So it feels like strength across the board.
Aart J. de Geus: To be honest, not really. I'm sure there are, at any point in time, many shifts one way or another throughout the customer base as people continually readjust what they use. I'm not aware that there would be any major dislocation or shift where we lose a massive market share or gaining massive market share. These things are relatively stable. I can only say that we did very well in the last quarter. And so from that perspective, I think it's more a picture of there may be individual skirmishes, but so far, we're growing just fine.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, anything that touches the very small dimensions, first and foremost, has ramification to what we would call the manufacturing side of things. And so there lithography is certainly very pointed, so are the new transistor structures and so is, by the way, all the issues that touch the yield, which is now increasingly are due both by how design is done and how the manufacturing come together. Now some of these areas are very pointed, such as double or even triple patterning, very complex, but the good news is, our tools can support this in such a fashion that the design community does not need to know about those details, except a few specialists that tune the tools. And so we expect that, notwithstanding whatever transistors are used or whatever geometries are used, the design community will just continue to see this as an opportunity to get more transistors in lower power and in smaller area. And that is fundamentally the job of EDA, is to isolate the manufacturing from the design.
Aart J. de Geus: Absolutely. I can absolutely tell you that most of the heavy-duty production design is moving to 28-nanometer, that is where most of the spending is because those are the hard, difficult nodes, while being in production, right? So you have a combination of difficulty and volume. Now there is quite a bit of spending, as far as EDA is concerned, going into 20-nanometer, but that is really preparing the landscape for the next wave of designs. And then, really, the third bucket is all the people that design at older nodes which, by the way, does not necessarily mean that it's slouchy design, not at all. It's people that actually can squeeze an enormous amount of value out of something that's already more proven. And there, the tools are essential, but the tools also are very mature. And so we look at all 3 of these camps as being of high importance to us. But clearly, the leadership in most advanced nodes gives us the best position for the long-term future.
Aart J. de Geus: I would say that the -- actually, I don't -- I can't say exactly where the economics come down. My guess would be that, if you look at the 3 buckets, it's sort of 1/3, 1/3, 1/3, would be a pretty good approximation.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, the memory market is highly specialized because, by definition, it's sort of, excuse me, on one hand, all about the transistor. How can you maximally optimize a single memory cell? But on the other hand, increasingly, memories are very sophisticated subsystems because they have to self-correct, as invariably some of the transistors don't work when you have a very large collection of them. So the ability to put the logic around that, to make that work, requires very, very high sophistication, in timing, for example. And so we have seen that in the last few years, the memory market, as a consumer of EDA, has gradually grown and we think that there's more opportunity there.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, the reason this is actually, in practice, a pretty difficult question is because what we are absorbing is really a market that has been completely internal. And as much as people say they want to do reuse, the reality is, they tend to do not that much reuse for old stuff that was designed previously, partially because nobody has time to revisit these things, partially because, let sleeping dogs lie, so to speak. If it works, it's amortized and don't touch it. For all the new generations, though, I think that picture is very different. And it's different not only because, economically, it's a much better deal to reuse commercial IP, it's also different because some of these new cores are much more difficult to design. And now you have to make a decision, if you want to use your own top designers for something that's difficult, but not differentiated, or can you use them on something that will differentiate your product. And I think we are absolutely seeing that many of the design managers are very conscious of this choice. Having said that, I think we are still far below the 50% point of outsourcing of IP and we certainly see a number of years of excellent growth there.
Aart J. de Geus: I think it is an important trend, but not just as an expansion. It is also a trend that illustrates that the necessity of multiple companies to work well together to get an end result that works, is becoming more and more important. And let me give you a specific example that -- where we see literally systems companies working straight with foundries and design companies. It is all around the term, yield. For many, many years, yield was mostly the result of the manufacturing prowness (sic) [prowess] and cleanliness of the fab, et cetera. Well, the dimensions now are so small that the variability on physics and on small deviations in manufacturing rival the variability of timing on a chip. In other words, depending on how you design the chip, you will get different yield results on a given technology. Well this is a perfect example where technology and economics meet head on, because if one can understand that and bring these parties together, they have a chance of ramping up the yields much faster than if it's sort of throw it over the wall and hope that the other party will do the right thing. And this is, of course, particularly true, also another dimension around the systems guys, which have the challenge of not only delivering the hardware, but making sure that the hardware is ready at the same time as the software, or vice versa. And so, to me, these are all good examples of what I call systemic complexity, in contrast to scale complexity, which is just more transistors, call it Moore's Law. And systemic complexity demands for the different partners to understand enough of what the other parties are doing in order to be able to work well together. And that, in my opinion, is the key reason why a number of system companies that absolutely invested in having increasingly high competence teams within their own house.
Aart J. de Geus: Absolutely. And actually, it helps EDA because the reality is, we have delivered, over many, many years, an incredible increase in technical capabilities. The very fact that it's now potentially spread among multiple users, increases our ability to get rewarded for that. And by the way, that also has the potential to increase the number of engineers that touch what we do. And I'm not even going too far here in the whole notion of the software engineers that, by definition, are quite a large number. As a matter of fact, in semiconductor companies, more than half of the engineers now are software engineers. And so I do think that it is an expansion of the space at the same time that you see an increase of the challenges of design. And it's in that context that adding the Magma team is yet another asset in technology moving us forward.
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, fundamentally I'm suggesting that, because the software that is relevant here is, of course, the place and route and the verification systems that make it possible for people to lay out chips without necessarily having to understand exactly how any form of multi-patterning occurs. Multi-patterning is very complex, from a computational point of view, and there's no way that humans could do this. And certainly not on the sizes of chips. Now EUV, I think, is going to take a little while before it really has a major impact in practice on many chips. And there we are really much more involved at the leading edge of R&D in terms of what is needed for the photolithography. But the people that should be concerned, or should not be concerned, are precisely the designers that use place and route systems where, today, we have double patterning, for example, in utilization. So none of these problems are easy but fundamentally they are solved.
Aart J. de Geus: Oh, no question whatsoever. I think, if you were to compare the leading edge design starts 10 years ago versus today, you'd see a world of difference because there would be such a large number of design starts coming from the mobile side of the world in sort of the most advanced node minus one. The processors will continue to drive the absolute state of the art technology because they're after raw speed and increasing the raw speed at low power. But the next nodes after that are nodes that invite a high degree of integration. And there, too, of course, speed and power trade off. But the main bulk of the companies that are going there are, today, the mobility companies. And as you know, of course, the world of computation and mobility continues to merge more and more, so I don't expect that to change all that much.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, 2 comments. First, per your preamble, we do not feel beholden to their projections. We have to make our own. As mentioned earlier, our business model is different than what Magma had. And it's not for me to say which one is better, but we will continue on the business model we had. I highlighted earlier that the quarter they reported, half was upfront. The quarter that was just finished was below the expectations that certainly the market had set. Some of you had highlighted already earlier that the pressure on upfront deals was probably an indicator that it's -- that life was not quite so simple as it looked like. Be it as it may, that is not the key driver for us. The key driver for us is that, notwithstanding the economic challenges that always come with such a transition or with the company, there was also a lot of very good technology and great technologists. And as much as we will be very, very diligent in managing the transition both quickly and efficiently, our objective, clearly, is to precisely aim at the growth opportunities that come with acceleration of technology, with broadening of the need for customer support and the very things that we just discussed one or 2 questions ago, which is that there's an enormous, enormous need for what EDA has to offer today. And that is very encouraging. Meanwhile, of course, we have work through the ratable model changes. And what this also brings for us is going to be an increased broadening toward some analog capabilities. So there's a lot of really good things here, but we need work through the specifics of the numbers before we give you exact guidance.
Aart J. de Geus: I don't think that it necessarily changes that model all that much. I think that we will continue to see a pressure and, therefore, potentially, opportunity in customers just wanting more and more and more support. And I think this is actually an opportunity for the EDA industry to gradually evolve a business model where the support does not just naturally come with the product, because that's economically not viable. And the reason for this desire to get more and more support is because our customers are very, very competitive with each other today. Many of the markets are very fast-moving. They tend to be a little bit more winner-takes-all. And technology is a differentiator. So I believe for the whole EDA industry, this is an opportunity to evolve the business model going forward and realize that we have a lot of value to add to this competitive landscape. Now how we get there? Just take one step at a time. But the opportunity space feels pretty good.
Aart J. de Geus: Yes, the run rates kept going up, so that is a good sign. We saw many -- we didn't have, I think, many very, very large renewals this quarter. That statement itself, incidentally, is not all that meaningful because these things happen whenever they happen. And so we keep moving the entire customer base gradually forward. And so the business was a lot of smaller transactions this quarter and actually quite typical over Q1.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I wouldn't overread sort of a 0.1 change here. Our own expectation right now is still that we will do overall year between 2.7 and 2.9 years. In general, I would agree with you that, if you look at it 2 years ago, it's down a little bit. I think that is probably more a reflection of the last 2 years having been economically up-and-down and up-and-down. Greece has sort of become the symbol for economic uncertainty. But I wouldn't read too much into that beyond that. We certainly, in our shop, are not doing super-long contracts. So there's not much of 5 or 7 years. Actually, I don't think there's any. And so in that sense, I think we're sort of at the balancing point. It may go down a little bit, may go up a little bit. I'm sensing I'm meandering because I don't actually have any more value to add to this question.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, in that case, let me wrap it up. Thank you very much for the time you spent with us. I think that we had not only a very strong quarter, but a very good outlook for the rest of the year. That is, of course, amended by the fact that the Magma team will now be joining us. We have a lot of work to do there, but we sense that this is actually a great addition, at exactly the right time in our markets. And we will do our best to turn this also into a strong shareholder value-creation opportunity. Thank you very much for your attention today.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, we said we would break out the guidance in our next earnings call, but it'll require 90 days or so, as you can imagine, of going through very detailed contract-by-contract analysis and getting the team ready to go and run with it. So that's effectively how we're looking at it. We'll give the guidance. It'll be included in our next guidance for the full year, as we wrap up Q2 and integrate all of the Magma elements around the revenue. The deferred revenue haircut that goes into the purchase accounting piece, the expense management and then some of the one-time costs associated with the deal structure will have to get brought in.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, Rich, we don't know yet what the details end up looking like. But again, as you get ramped up for this, we'll -- I believe we're going to break it out for you so can see what the impact is going to be.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, let me talk about that. The -- as we looked at the preliminary balance sheet coming over this morning from their very recently completed Q3 -- as you know, Magma would have announced tomorrow -- we have about $23 million of deferred revenue. And then, there will be approximately -- they way we've typically done it, and again, we've got to get into all the details about cost-to-implement and so on, but we'd anticipate about $18 million of that $23 million is a typical revenue haircut that will go out of the revenues over the next 12 months or so. So it's the first pass at what the impact we expect from that. So relative to how much we're going to see for the impact, I think it's about $18 million. As I look at, then, what the quarterly profile is, which we have get into and work that, it wouldn't be a big problem to say, it could have been -- it could have been higher if we identified what that would be. But it typically is a 12-month reduction in the revenues that are taken, but the specific quarter, it's, again, looking at when the anticipated revenue and delivery of the products were going to happen, and that will help give some visibility to the impact in the quarter.
Brian M. Beattie: We've made that already, Sterling. When we looked at -- again, looking at our cash balance, we have about $200 million in the U.S. A majority of this transaction will come out of U.S. cash. We have an upgraded credit agreement in place that we filed, up to $350 million. And one of the -- very light on covenants, but one of them is that we maintain $300 million in total for the company in cash, both onshore and offshore. So effectively, the way we see it, we'll use about $100 million of our U.S. cash to complete the transaction, which has already happened. And then the balance of, as I've said, about $400 million, is coming from the debt side of it in the U.S. And we're leaving a majority of all the cash offshore and not repatriating that. And so that debt is in place. We have both a term loan that's structured for $150 million, and then a regular line of credit, which we can pull down and put back up at any point in time. And that's the way we're going to be managing cash between now and the end of the year is just having the minimum amount of debt on hand to finance both our ongoing operations, to pay for the anticipated debt with the close, and that's already happened, and we'll just keep that balance on hand. But it will be about $400 million and then we'll be coming down.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, it is the geo mix, the products. It's just effectively about a 1% drop from the range we had anticipated last quarter. So it's just fine tuning with some of the way the Q1 results have come through and then the geo mix of the products.
Brian M. Beattie: And just -- this is Brian. I just wanted to follow up on Tom's question, too, relative to the Magma revenues in the last quarter. As we said, it's not going to be reported based on the rules of the 10-Q filing requirements. So just let you know as well that as we looked at the results that are just coming in, that it looks very similar to the top line results that the company saw on the second quarter, which were released. So we just wanted to let that known. And EPS came in fairly close, a little bit light, just based on some of the one-time closing conditions and other expenses relative to the transaction that was in play. So again, we're watching the results closely and now it's into our books, as of today, moving forward. So again, no surprises, and it came through pretty straight.
Brian M. Beattie: Yes, not really. As we said, the expenses would have been lower from Q4 to Q1 if it wasn't for the additional week. And so they're very -- just very typical accruals that are tied to the expenses that we're incurring. And running in a very normal mix. All the expense levels are on track for the full-year budgets we've established. So again a good, I think, very good positioning and lower spending in the last quarter on a year-over-year basis.
Brian M. Beattie: Sterling, in last year the average -- in FY '11, the average was 2.7 years. And so this year with 2.7, a 2.9, with a 2.6 Q1, is still where we think average comes out. Again, all down to the specifics of which contracts and the duration by customer.
Brian M. Beattie: Rich, honestly, I don't have that right in front of me. We just got the P&L's in the last day or so. So I've got the full financial's balance sheet, but we still have to do the analytics on that profile.
