Trac Pham: Thanks Aart. Good afternoon, everyone. Through the first three quarters of the year, we have executed very well in a challenging semiconductor environment. As a result, we are raising our full year guidance and again, achieving our multi-year objective of driving high single-digit non-GAAP EPS growth. In Q3, we delivered double-digit revenue on non-GAAP earnings growth and generated significant operating cash flow. In addition, we completed our $125 million ASR last week and year-to-date we bought back 325 million of stock. Now to the numbers, as I talk through the results and targets, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue was $615 million, above our target range. We achieved double-digit growth across all product platforms with particular strength in hardware. Upfront revenue slightly exceeded 10%. We anticipate more quarterly variability as our business evolves, however we continue to expect annual revenue model that is approximately 90% time based. Over 90% of Q3 revenue came from beginning of quarter backlog and one customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue. The weighted average license duration was approximately 3.1 years and we expect the full year average to be about 3 years. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $538 million and total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $473 million. Non-GAAP operating margin was 23% for the quarter and 23.7% year-to-date. GAAP earnings per share were $0.42 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.76, above our target range. We generated $252 million of operating cash flow, driven by strong collections and business levels. We are again raising our 2016 operating cash flow target to a range of $525 million to $545 million. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $1.1 billion, with 12% onshore and total debt of $278 million. Last week, we completed our $125 million ASR. Year-to-date, we have used over 80% of our free cash flow for buybacks. We have $175 million remaining on our current authorization. Now to the fourth quarter and fiscal 2016 guidance which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For Q4, the targets are; revenue between $621 million and $636 million; total GAAP costs and expenses between $537 million and $556 million; total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $483 million and $493 million; other income, between zero and $2 million; our non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 152 million and 155 million; GAAP earnings of $0.46 to $0.55 per share; and non-GAAP earnings of $0.75 to $0.78 per share. For 2016; revenue of $2.41 billion to $2.45 billion, a growth rate of 7.5% to 8%; other income between $6 million and $8 million; non-GAAP normalized tax rate of 19%; outstanding shares between 153 million to 156 million; non-GAAP earnings of $1.72 to $1.81 per share; non-GAAP earnings of $3 to $3.03; a growth rate of 8% to 9%; capital expenditures of approximately $70 million; and cash flow from operations of $525 million to $545 million. Finally, we have executed very well in a challenging environment and expect to deliver outstanding results in 2016. Growth is strong across all product platforms with better than expected hardware sales, driving a good portion of the upside for the year. This does add more variability to the businesses as customer requirements drive the timing of shipments and revenue, which is recognized upfront. As we look to 2017, we are currently working on our budget and are assessing this year’s hardware strength and how it will trend next year. Therefore, we would suggest that it’s premature to change our 2017 estimates until we provide detailed guidance in November. In summary, the entire Synopsys team has executed very well. Our Q4 outlook is strong, our 2016 targets are substantially better than they were at the start of the year. With that, I will turn it over to the operator for questions.
Trac Pham: So Rich, this is Trac. Let me just add that across the board and at the top level, we are actually doing very well. And then when you look at the geographic split as well as the product mix, we are doing well across the board. There is a couple of areas that might – that I would highlight is when you look at the services line from a product perspective in Europe, that again is also doing well and I just wanted to let folks know that it’s really a function on the services line. It’s a function of this year’s hedge gains being just slightly less than last year. And then Europe continues to do well, but last year, we had an unusually strong product shipment that makes the comparison a little odd, but other than those anomalies, we are doing very well across the board.
Trac Pham: Yes, Rich. So, you are right. When you look at the business for this year, margins will be relatively flat year-over-year. And what you are seeing is really two factors. One, the upside was as we mentioned driven by hardware, which has COGS. And the second part, as we look at the business, there are couple of opportunities to invest in both customer support as well as in product development. The ROIs on those investments were good and so we proceeded with that. I think overall I think I like the balance that we are striking between driving for growth as well as slowing earnings to the bottom line.
Trac Pham: Well, we would like it to be usually strong, but this is a business that we have gradually grown into. And we are well aware that it’s a business that by nature is lumpy, because when people buy a hardware equipment, the equipment gets bought when they feel that they are in a good cash position and the shipments invariably are functional of when they actually need it and so under much less control than, let’s say, a recurring revenue run rate. Nonetheless, it’s a good business and it ties well to our overall verification proposition. And so we are encouraged by the quality of the products that we have and of course continue to invest in driving the state-of-the-art forward in this area.
Trac Pham: Obviously, hardware is a little lower than software, but it’s still very profitable for us. And our goal ultimately is to balance that in the portfolio to drive earnings growth in the high single-digits.
Trac Pham: Krish, this is Trac. I would add that our focus is to drive this business and grow this business sustainably over time, so that’s going through a combination of both – a combination of revenue growth, operating margin expansion and then reduce our share count. And so those things collectively should help us grow our earnings at high single-digits long-term.
Trac Pham: Yes. Gary, this is Trac. We will give more – actually, we will give the specific backlog number at the end of Q4. What I would say is that year-to-date, our business has been very strong, bookings have been solid and then run rate has been up. So the underlying economics of the business is very healthy. And then for the quarter, I guess specifically for the quarter, 90% of revenues came from backlog.
Trac Pham: We do have leverage in the model. I think as I mentioned earlier, margins are relatively flat this year, but it’s important for us to manage this business sustainably over time. And when you look at the earnings guidance that we have provided for this year, it’s predominantly driven by operations, right. And so our balance this year is just trying to invest appropriately to drive growth long-term, while also generating high single-digit EPS growth.
Aart De Geus: Actually, we are fortunate that strength was very much across the board. And you highlighted already at the verification specifically the emulation ones would also highlight the IP business as having been quite strong. On the borderline between those businesses is also the hardware prototyping that has done quite well and then it’s also interesting that all the way into our silicon engineering business, we have had quite good results there also. And so I think across the board we are executing well and we have seen our run-rate grow again.
Aart De Geus: Well, as you well know, Japan has been sort of a bit of an up and down economy now for many, many years. And so I think our team continues to execute particularly well in Japan, but it is against the backdrop of a challenged economy. Maybe Trac can make a couple of comments about the year-to-year yen fluctuations that are really the only currency that we continue to deal with. But our business has been quite solid and there is a bit of hope that the Japanese economy after many years of restructuring and refocusing is actually seeing some signs of emerging health, let’s say.
Aart De Geus: And in that context, I would add that we are looking at the software integrity business as one that continues to be a very interesting opportunity and so we did few acquisitions in the last 12 months that are being integrated well. And all of that has a lot of life, but it does require some level of investment.
Aart De Geus: Well, of course, this is a slightly loaded question, because we don’t comment about acquisitions before we do them, but we have been very clear that we look at this as a new emerging TAM that is in a market that has many, many players, a few large ones and many very small ones all having one hotter technology than the other and in a field that is clearly almost overwhelmed by the number of security issues popping up everyday. So, just to be clear, yes, we have no plan and are not addressing the overall space of security. We are focusing specifically on the development of software and how to recognize and avoid issues upfront during that development. In that context, we are making excellent headway, because a number of years ago, we started with a fairly narrow offering in terms of languages. We have substantially broadened that. That is all our own R&D investment. We have broadened in terms of adding a number of security techniques and we are now integrating these all on a more coherent platform, which allows us to deal with the people that have to confront the security and quality issues in a more coherent fashion. And so we have now moved to starting to build a relationship with other companies that can help certify again standards. The alignment with Underwriters Laboratories is a very good example of that and we have also worked with a number of people that need help in assessing. We are in the supply chain that their software come from and it brings about some interesting surprises at times. So, I think we are in a good position, but there are clearly many opportunities. And the focus really for the last 12 months has been to broaden in security and to substantially strengthen our ability to go-to-market and move towards gradual larger deals. And the overall vision for what we want to offer is really a software sign off just like there has been a hardware sign off for 25 years, software needs this.
Aart De Geus: Well, for us, it’s always a little strange when we hear about the emergence of that market given that we were already in China in the mid ‘90s. And so we have been very intimately involved in all the steps of the development and emergence of both the talent sets, the investments, the structure of the industry, its evolution, the ups and downs. And the fact that there is now an increase and emphasis on manufacturing is not a surprise, because the volume of design in China that could potentially manufactured in China has grown substantially both in actual amounts and in the sophistication. And so we are well involved with all the leading companies there and I think we are well equipped to participate in this ongoing growth rate, which I think will continue to be high. In general, if you look at our revenue, you will see that the growth in Asia-Pacific has certainly been substantial and there is no reason to believe that it will not continue at the similar rate at least for the time being.
Aart De Geus: No, we don’t break out individual products. Obviously, the EDA part is a large portion of our business and verification is substantial in that. But it’s clear that this is an aspect of the business that’s doing well. But I would highlight that the whole verification proposition has many, many other products. And over the last few years, we have added some really superb technology in the debugging side, partially via the acquisition of SpringSoft. More recently, you may recall Atrenta and really these building blocks fits very, very well together and are all doing quite well.
Aart De Geus: We will say as what we have said in the past. We will continue to use our balance sheet in the way that makes more sense. In the past, that’s been a combination of investing in M&A to drive long-term growth and then returning cash to shareholders when that makes sense. Just for reference, when you look at last year, we spent over $280 million on buybacks, which is almost 70% of free cash flow. And then this year-to-date, we have been pretty – even a little bit more aggressive with that and we have raised the buybacks to be about 8% of free cash flows for the year.
Aart De Geus: Well, as you know, we can always try to drive profitability harder. At the same time, there is a balance there of how much do you want to invest in new opportunities. And we have done a very conscious effort already starting in the early 2000 in broadening our portfolio to build a substantial IP business and then most recently in the last 2.5 years in investing towards the software integrity space as opportunities to grow additional businesses. So over a long period of time, we remain very committed to deliver mid-20s operating margin as the constant objective, while maximizing the revenue growth as the way to continue to strengthen and broaden the company.
Aart De Geus: Well, at any point in time of course, we have a very broad portfolio. To be honest, I am not sure how many products we have. And we have big products and many smaller products and so all of the products have waived. But this past quarter actually, economically speaking, the results were quite strong across the board and so nothing jumped out. But always, products that are in investment mode or that are in next generation mode, that’s an ongoing job for us and has been now for many decades.
Aart De Geus: Well, so when you say are you going to have to revise your architecture, we are revising architectures all the time and it tends to come in two ways into a constant smaller tuning and optimizations versus every so often doing a redesign of let’s say, the data structure they use or the approaches to problems. And it is only through that, that we have literally been able for now 29.5 years to constantly be at the very leading edge of what technology can do and that’s a necessity because we are half of Moore’s Law and there is the manufacturing advances and then there are all the tools that make it possible to use these. So in that sense, we are accustomed to being sort of – for 29 years, we are behind the 8 ball, because every customer wants it to be better and so do we. Having said that, I think your generic observation that there are new opportunities emerging I think is interesting not just for us, but for the very fact that a lot of people are now looking at processor architecture changes to accommodate the fact that various forms of digital artificial intelligence will become a more and more important for different types of applications. And so we see a number of customers focusing now on what can they do to essentially reinvent computation to satisfy and enable that. And that ranges literally from what to do around big data all the way to a pattern recognition, learning and so on that gets applied to now a number of fields including automotive. So I can certainly never say that we are good enough. The whole point is to always say we are not good enough and keep pushing.
Aart De Geus: Sure. So the design compiler is a product that itself has gone through a number of these types of generations. And it’s obviously a leading edge tool that has an immense broad utilization on all the most advanced nodes. And so they are two. We have a substantial effort ongoing for both optimization and tuning as well as looking at architectures that could improve things, going forward. DFM is a bit different. DFM tends to be a number of economically smaller products that are highly specialized. Many of those have also fewer customers because it addresses mostly the people that are manufacturing, but I don’t have to tell you that the physics of manufacturing in the last few years has done an easy 10x of growth in complexity. And that is actually good news for us because that caters directly to some of the strength of that team. And we have made a number of fairly substantial investments, I would say going back 4 years to 5 years where we are seeing some good return on it now. And as mentioned to another question earlier, we have a broad portfolio and so it’s a constant allocation of investments with an intent and hope to see a return 2 years to 3 years later.
Aart De Geus: Well, we continued to invest. And as you know, we have also made some acquisitions. And so every time you do that, that pushes the profitability down somewhat, but the job of course is to bring that up as we integrate things. So we expect it to be slightly dilutive in ‘16. But we are very encouraged by a couple of things. One is that the quality, the sophistication of the solution that we have is truly starting to be viewed as strength. And so I think we have good opportunities. But in parallel to that, especially in the last 12 months or so, I think we have strengthened the ability of our channel to not only sell the solution well, but also to gradually move towards larger transactions. And as you probably know, many of these fields that are emerging tend to be very small deals and you build them gradually. Well, we have seen now a number of transactions grow in size. A number of them have become multi-year, which were different than what originally the companies we acquired started with. And we see the opportunity to have a stronger broader relationship with the companies that use our software. So all of that feels like the early days of EDA. And in that sense, we will reassess continually how to balance the profitability drive versus the growth. We will prioritize growth, but rest assured that it’s only a business if it becomes profitable and if it becomes more profitable overtime, otherwise, it’s a hobby. And so we will continue to push on that as well.
Aart De Geus: Yes. Well, of course, it was expected, because we have been informed quite a while ago. And as a matter of fact, we have quite a number of customers, as you know, that do ARM cores and that optimize those for different set of technologies. And so I expect that we will be very helpful at getting the best out of the technology that Intel has to offer for people that want to build their products around ARM cores and we are already quite engaged in that.
Aart De Geus: Yes, certainly. We look at our businesses in terms of growth rate as EDA being suddenly very profitable, but the lower growth rate, IP in the middle and software integrity at the top of those. And so it’s almost a classic decision set on how to balance the investments among these different categories as we build the company that hopefully delivers continuous high single-digit earnings growth going forward by essentially balancing a portfolio of different needs.
Aart De Geus: Well, we certainly do see the impact of consolidation, because all of these transactions come to us initially always with the request of can you reduce our cost? And while we are trying to accommodate customers as much as possible, we also try to offer our solutions, whereby we can do fulfill a broader set of their needs. And in that context, I think we have continued to do well also because many of the technologies that we provide are essential and are at the leading edge. So, none of this is simple. And as you well know, in our industry, we have talked for quite a number of times, including at many of our earnings releases about what’s the impact of this. Maybe especially in 2015, where there were a number of very large consolidations, I think we have fared well with these and we are thankful for that, but this is just part of an evolution in the industry around us and I think we are well positioned to continue to be a cornerstone supplier to people that are really going to drive their own companies to the next state-of-the-art level of applications and that’s a good position to be in.
Aart De Geus: Well, we thank you for your attendance at this call. As usual, we will follow-up with a number of you after this and we hope that you have a good rest of the day. Thank you so much.
