Trac Pham: Thanks, Aart. And good afternoon, everyone. As reflected in our excellent Q2 financial results, we are seeing good momentum and strong execution in our business. We met or exceeded all quarterly financial targets provided last quarter. We delivered growth in revenue and non-GAAP earnings and generated considerable cash flow. Based on the strength of the first half and our confidence in the rest of the year, we are raising our 2015 outlook for revenue and non-GAAP earnings and reaffirming operating cash flow. Now to the numbers. As I talk through Q2 results and targets for the rest of the year, all comparisons will be year-over-year unless I specify otherwise. Total revenue increased 8% to $557 million, reflecting solid organic and acquired-company growth. Greater than 90% of Q2 revenue came from beginning-of-quarter backlog, and one customer accounted for more than 10%. The weighted average duration of our renewable customer license commitments was about 2.5 years. Duration will vary depending on customer requirements. We expect full year duration to be close to three years. Total GAAP costs and expenses were $481 million. Total non-GAAP costs and expenses were $420 million, at the lower end of our range, due largely to some delayed hiring. Non-GAAP operating margin was 24.7%. Aligning with the multi-year strategy Aart outlined, we'll continue to drive company-wide operational discipline in order to fund our higher-growth initiatives. GAAP earnings per share were $0.35 and non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.68. Turning to cash flow. We generated $155 million of operating cash flow and continue to target approximately $450 million for the year. We ended the quarter with total debt of $220 million. This includes $160 million from our revolver, which we used to fund the $180 million accelerated share repurchase in Q1, and $60 million from our term loan. As a reminder, the ASR is expected to be completed this quarter when the final shares are delivered. We ended the quarter with cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of $1 billion, with 15% onshore. Yesterday, we renewed and expanded our credit facility to $500 million. The revolver, which may be increased by an additional $150 million, provides excellent flexibility to support our strategy and business operations. We'll continue to optimize the use of cash to generate maximum long-term shareholder value. Each quarter, we will evaluate our M&A, buyback and debt reduction options to determine the best balance. DSO was 55 days and we ended Q2 with approximately 9,450 employees, with more than one third in lower-cost geographies. Now to our third quarter and fiscal 2015 guidance, which excludes the impact of any future acquisitions. For the third quarter, our targets are: revenue between $550 million and $560 million, total GAAP costs and expenses between $481 million and $501 million, total non-GAAP costs and expenses between $430 million and $440 million, other income between zero and $2 million, a non-GAAP tax rate of 21% to 22%, outstanding shares between 155 million to 159 million, GAAP earnings of $0.23 to $0.30 per share, and non-GAAP earnings of $0.58 to $0.60 per share. For Fiscal 2015: revenue between $2.21 billion to $2.235 billion, a growth rate of approximately 7% to 9%, other income between $6 million and $10 million, a non-GAAP tax rate of 19% to 20%, outstanding shares between 155 million and 159 million, GAAP earnings of $1.39 to $1.49 per share, which includes the impact of approximately $85 million of stock-based compensation expense, non-GAAP earnings of $2.76 to $2.81 per share. We've raised our guidance range while taking into account the slight dilution we expect from our Software Integrity Group in the second half of the year, capital expenditures of approximately $100 million, and cash flow from operations of approximately $450 million. In summary, Q2 was another strong quarter. We delivered excellent financial results, highlighted by top and bottom-line growth, solid execution across our business lines, and strong cash flow generation. We are also increasing 2015 revenue and non-GAAP EPS guidance, reflecting strong momentum in the first half and our confidence in the rest of the year. With that, I'll turn it over to the operator for questions.
Trac Pham: Hey, Rich. This is Trac. The Codenomicon is not backed into the guidance we've provided. But the impact should be immaterial and we won't be changing guidance as a result.
Trac Pham: Yeah. So, what you're going to see in the quarter-to-quarter comparison is the delayed hiring that we saw in Q2, as well as the merit increase for the second half of the year.
Trac Pham: I'm sorry. In general, we tried to keep our U.S. cash flow at around $100 million, but keep – I should note that we did close our revolver yesterday and we increased that to from $350 million to $500 million. So the combination of the onshore cash right now of $150 million plus the increase revolver gives us a lot of flexibility.
Trac Pham: We definitely hire – are looking at to grow our investments in the Software Integrity Group as well as the IP and systems side. As we said, we will commit to growing in those spaces. Keep in mind that the head count at the end of Q2 is roughly flat with where we exited last year. So and for two quarters, now we've been behind our hiring so we should expect that to ramp up a little bit. But with that hiring in mind, I would just refer you back to the full year guidance, we still are at the midpoint of EPS, we're still looking to grow EPS by 10% and then we're still looking to increase operating margins by about 100 basis points year-over-year. So while we're hiring to support our business, we're mindful of the financial impact.
Trac Pham: It lines up because you do see that the growth in, the trailing 12 months growth for North America and Asia-Pac was pretty strong.
Trac Pham: Yeah. We're not concerned about that and we actually don't worry about the COGS line on a quarter-to-quarter basis. If you look at it over the last – this quarter as well as the last few quarter trend, it usually bounces around between 82% and 84% and we're well within that range, so, I wouldn't read anything into it.
Trac Pham: Well, those tend to go up and down quite a bit. They are very lumpy because a lot of these are directly related to certain contracts having milestones, and the milestones can be very unevenly spread. And so, the service business is not very large for us. And so, I wouldn't read very much into it. The very fact that I wasn't even unaware of what you just said shows that we are – ourselves maybe we can pay more attention to it, but we didn't.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, this is mostly noise that is related to any transition that you have. ICC II at this point in time is doing very complex chips extremely well and does not need any – I guess is supported by its older brother so to speak. At any point in time, people like to compare results from one tool to another, they like to see if it behaves in the same predictable fashion as they are accustomed to and IC Compiler II is just doing fabulously well in those comparisons. And more often than not, we get actually response from customers that involve quite a bit of surprise on their part. So having said that, it's a very complex product and we are in an intense move to get customers to move into production design with it that takes some effort and well on top of that.
Aart J. de Geus: No, not really. These are just – there is certain amount of work that have to be done with the authorities locally and long track to execute on that.
Aart J. de Geus: No. Actually, you probably remember that, when we originally acquired it, in our initial plan, we expect it to be breakeven in the second half of the year that – now, that we know much more and now that we've also decided to make some additional investments specifically in broadening the language coverage that is why we specifically communicated at the end of the second half it would be slightly dilutive. But it's very small and we essentially embedded this in the rest of the business for the company. So from that perspective, we still raise guidance.
Aart J. de Geus: Sure. And I will minimize my comments on this, after the verdict of course there was a set of issues we have to deal with, the version that's on the market today does not violate any of that. And so, we see that our business is doing well.
Aart J. de Geus: Well. As you would imagine, Synopsys has been serving the most advanced designers in the world pretty much a 100%. And so while there is always one or two hold outs, our first objective, obviously, is to make sure that's the hardest driving design groups that need it most, that do the largest chips, and by the way that also the most demanding are successful first, and I think we are doing remarkably well with that group of people. There are number of maybe less advanced designs or let me put it more – in the 28-nanometer, 40-nanometer category designs that are sometimes advanced but on less evolved silicon technologies that are also using the tool extremely effectively. And so, we have an opportunity here to broaden to companies that maybe before did not look at us as their primary provider for (26:13).
Aart J. de Geus: It's difficult to remind you, because I always struggle with that question. The reason I struggle is that the space of software productivity tools, software quality tools and then security is highly fragmented and sort of continually evolving. Our own sense initially is that the TAM probably grows by another $500 million or so. But I'll be the first one to say that depending on how one look at it can be much larger. I don't think it will be much smaller. But the security space is a little bit the wild west right now.
Aart J. de Geus: From a quarter-to-quarter, it's hard to have very precise expectations. In general on a trailing-12 months basis, which is sort of what we mostly look at, it's up quite a bit. And the IP business by definition is somewhat lumpy, because there are number of deals that are large and ship immediately, there are some that require work to be done on a contract. And so, it can vary quite a bit. And last year for example was lower business growth than this year. So having said that I think the business is in good shape.
Aart J. de Geus: Sure. Well for starters, the product itself is priced at a higher level than IC Compiler I. It has dramatically better capabilities, and of course is superefficient. Secondly, a number of customers as part of their multi-year contracts with us have an opportunity to remix into the next version, at which point in time, they use up more of that contract. And then lastly, as contracts come up for renewal, that is an excellent time to establish what's their level of commitments to Synopsys place and route is and IC Compiler II is doing extremely well with that. And so, having a history of fairly substantially new products in the past, not that we have something like IC Compiler II every few years or so, we nonetheless can absolutely see that the rate of business growth is excellent for it.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, first taking the step back, the IC Compiler II was out or IC Compiler was somewhat off the bottleneck in the very, very large designs, because far and away the largest amount of data is attached to the physical representation of a design, which does mean that it's not desirable to have higher level of capacity on any of the other tools. And so – at any point of time when one tool solely does a lot better all of the other tools while being happy for the company, immediately realized that the pressure is on them now to continue to improve and, of course, that is exactly what we're doing, and so from time-to-time you will see new capabilities come out on any of the surrounding tools, and the practical situation, always you can't do it fast enough. So they're working hard on it.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, I don't think I commented on the market. I said that emulation was strong in the quarter for us. But I put it really in the perspective of our broader mission, which is a Verification Continuum that really contains the cornerstones of simulation and, of course, emulation, but also number of other technology. And the reason that's important is because in reality, most designers use a broad set of tools and one of the things that really helps them is if the tools understand the electronic representation the same way, with other words if it can sit on the same infrastructure and if you can use the same debuggers, even if some of the tools are more appropriate for one thing than another. And so within that context that we have made outstanding progress specifically and making sure that the compilation techniques that we use for simulation and emulation line up very well, and about a year and half or so ago we had flagged that as one of the weaknesses in our offering. And I think right now, it's becoming rapidly a strength.
Aart J. de Geus: You know Monika, we said that it's doing very well. We don't disclose the growth rates of individual product. They tend to go up and down, but I would reiterate that we think that we have a very strong emulation solution.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, it's roughly on track. It is slightly differently dimensioned than when we originally acquired it, because we didn't quite know exactly how to read the numbers. We have concluded meanwhile that it is a business that has great opportunity and for that reason we realized after a while that our core strength is really the depths of the algorithms, specifically around the analysis of the languages. And that of course, beg the question, well, so which languages do you do, and we decided to invest in broadening that language sets. So I think there is still a lot of space to be explored here. And then the other broadening that we took on, of course, is to strengthen the security angle. Coverity already have some security capabilities, but they were not really well-known for it. Codenomicon is certainly a brand name, and it allows us to position a little bit better in this emerging space while at the same time, learning quite rapidly, what are actually the things that are most valuable to customers.
Aart J. de Geus: Well. I cannot comment about the – what a competitor says. If they're growing, that's good, that means the whole market is growing even more. We are certainly doing very well and have been the largest provider in that segment of the market for quite a while. And so, what makes that market interesting and challenging is that it's the first place where all the new challenges of new technologies come through both in terms of the physics, but also in terms of the sheer complexity off of the chips that have to go through the tools. And in that context, IC Compiler II, I think is passing the test with flying colors and that is why we've seen the business actually do very well around IC Compiler II. And as a matter of fact, the run rate for the whole company is up. And so, IC Compiler was certainly a cornerstone in the things that we wanted to accomplish this year.
Aart J. de Geus: That's a very good question. And you may recall that I fairly strongly predicted this. I would say four quarters to six quarters ago already and there is a logic to it, which is no matter what's the difference between 28-nanometer and then the 16-nanometer, 14-nanometer and so on. FinFET is that 28-nanometer is what's called planar transistors or flat, right, whereas FinFET as a name says Fins, they are vertical. And so that is a fairly big physical change, when you think about it. And so there is a reason, one would go after such a change, because the benefits are very large for very sophisticated advanced designs that also need very low-power. So no surprise the people that go there first are the processors and are the people that do a mobility, because they have very complex chips and need low-power. Now, contrary to popular opinion, it's not just two customers or three customers that have gone there. It's a larger number already. But it is also true that for many of the others. They sort of way to see as others have crossed the bridge, how that's going, when are the economics right, where is the yield is really predictable all the things that you do, if you don't see a super high advantage in being in the most advanced nodes. But then now you are right about 28-nanometer, which is a very, very solid node, very high yields, a good cost point and so on. And you say well, I still want to differentiate. And so now you're doing very advanced design on 28-nanometer node, which by the way is just as difficult, it's just the type of difficulty you already know about. And so, it's in that context that many of the benefits of IC Compiler II that we're pioneered with, obviously, the intent to be able to satisfy the FinFET crowd have actually very positive impact on the 28-nanometer, and actually we see a number of people also do very well at 40-nanometer. And you look at that configuration, and you say, hey! that makes sense. It's economics that determines when people go over the bridge, and right now the 65-nanometer and 40-nanometer group is arriving at 28-nanometer and we'll be looking when to cross into FinFET when it makes economic sense.
Aart J. de Geus: Well, at this point in time, I hope that you heard that we had a very solid and strong quarter with a number of key products that we had invested in for a number of years. These products are doing well. It's early in the comprehensive rollouts, but it is a very promising and it's certainly technology that applies to all the new designs being done. And with that, for those of you that joined us at the individual session, we'll see you later, and thank you very much for your time.
