Vivien Azer: So I've got a modeling question and then just a follow up on Woodford please. So, on the model, I'm having a really hard time understanding what happened with currencies this quarter, 6% on the top line versus 18% on OI. I would've thought that you would've seen more on gross profit given the transaction impacts, but the GP hit was only an 8%. So if you could offer any color on why the FX impact was such a greater magnitude on the OI line in the quarter that would be really helpful. Thank you.
Vivien Azer: Yeah, but, is it just an outsized translation impact? Just kind of a timing of recognition in the quarter.
Vivien Azer: It's translation. Okay. Very good. Thank you. I can certainly follow up after that. On Woodford, totally understand the reprioritization of the glass apply and it looks like that strategy is playing out quite nicely, given the reacceleration that you're seeing on the Jack Daniels franchise and Jack Daniels, Tennessee whiskey in particular, but I was curious if you comment please on the sequential degradation that you saw on price mix for Woodford in particular. Thanks.
Vivien Azer: Oh, very much. Thank you very much for the color. And I'll certainly echo our sincere thoughts and prayers for your team in the region.
Leanne Cunningham: Well, we know Vivian that the strongest drivers of that is the strength in the US dollar. And then against that, the currencies would've been the largest impact was in Turkey. Then we also had an impact with Russia and the UK. So those were the largest drivers and you can see that in the schedule that in the press release where it says rest of that's where you'll see the biggest impact. Yeah, I believe that Schedule C for you.
Leanne Cunningham: Thank you, Nadine. That's nice to have you on the call. From a brand expense perspective, it really is a story of prior year because as we entered into our first fiscal full fiscal year F'21, we didn't know what the operating environment was going to be. Events were closed and not available to us as well as sponsorships. So we had lighter spending in the first half of fiscal '21, and we were more heavily weighted to the back end of the year. For fiscal '22, we are much more spending along our normal phasing cycle. It's just going against an unusual prior year. And then as you think about it previously, as we had talked about our brand spend being in line with our top line growth, as we have moved to an organic basis, our brand spend, we believe for the quarters ahead will be slightly below our top line growth,
Leanne Cunningham: So our full year increase is in the 7% to 9% range. And that includes both our strategic initiatives we're investing in and our brand expense.
Leanne Cunningham: So is more volume driven, but it's related to, as we said, in our prepared remarks, the reopening of the on-premise from a positive channel mix perspective, and then also from our portfolio mix, which we are more skewed in this fiscal year towards our full strength spirits, particularly Jack Daniels, Tennessee whiskey, and last year, we just had the strong growth in RTDs that we're now cycling. So it makes it a positive portfolio mix.
Leanne Cunningham: Well, I'll start specifically with our glass supply and we've been talking about this for several quarters now. For Brown-Forman, that was our largest driver of supply chain disruptions and we've just continued to work really closely with our current supplier, which has yielded in improved glass supply and additional capacity. We've been also expanding our glass supply network, and we believe that that work will start increasing and supplementing our current supply in the fourth quarter of this year. And as Lawson mentioned is that glass is coming in, we are producing it as quickly as possible, but with the multiple months that we had to draw down goods inventory at all levels of the distribution channel, the supply chain, it is moving through the supply chain incredibly quickly. And we are still working to rebuild our inventories to date. It has been some we believe that it has taken us multiple quarters to get to down those inventories. It's going to take us multiple quarters to build that back. And we just continue to have teams that are working on prioritizing the most optimal use of those finished cases that we're able to produce. Now from a competitor perspective, we know others have commented on it and we'll let them kind of tell their story. So with that, I'll switch over to inflation. And as we talked about with our year to date gross margin, we did have 110 basis points related to higher cost. That is split between the supply chain challenge the cost associated with our supply chain challenges that we have had in trying to as quickly as possible get our cases into the consumer's hands. While like others we are facing increasing commodity costs on corn, grains, natural gases, wood steel but good news is agave has stabilized. We had hoped that the cost of agave, the price of agave was going to decline more quickly. But as we've reported on multiple quarters, now, the increased demand for the tequila category has just maintained that. But at least it has stabilized in that 27 to 29 pesos per kilo range. So we are seeing inflation, but the good news is we've got a lot of things working on our favor, which is premiumization trends. We already mentioned our favorable channel mix. We're fully utilizing our RGM tools. And we've talked about how we're taking price to help with the inflation that we're seeing, not the reason why we're taking it, but it is -- a, is a positive offset to some of the price increases are some of the cost increases that we're seeing.
Leanne Cunningham: Yeah, that's not to get too much of the technicalities with the weight and the methods that we use. Most notably Lipo most commodity costs come through as we as we incur them. Except for wood, wood is one that [indiscernible] will layer in over time.
Leanne Cunningham: Yeah. And then as we, as I previously stated, it took us several quarters as we were going through the most significant period of glass supply constraints. And we had to draw down distributor and retailer inventories and even inventories at our own facilities. It's going to take us several months to rebuild that. So we do expect for shipments to exceed our depletions as we continue to rebuild that inventory
Leanne Cunningham: Yeah, and I think that's the big story. The big story is our, our business has just been very resilient and Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey returning to growth related to the reopening travel and tourism. Really, we keep saying strong consumer demand for both our American Whiskey and our Tequilas, premiumization to the extent that they weren't disrupted by supply chain challenges. Woodford Reserve, Old Forester, Herradura continue to just exceed expectations. And then again, we have the rebound from the travel retail and all of our, and we set it in our opening comment. We are seeing growth in all areas of our business geographically, including the global travel retail channel. So I think that as an under layer, regardless of what method, a methodology or basis change we're using, I think that's the big story. So that would've been that would've been a driver regardless of the change, what you can do again at the bottom of the bottom of schedule E you can take a look at the organic guidance that we have put out there. And as you try to make some high level adjustments for net change and distributor inventory, I think you continue to see that compared to our half year we have momentum.
Leanne Cunningham: Yeah, I don't know if I would call it a hesitancy. I think we always look we try to use a very balanced approach because our core objective is for sustainable long term value creation. And we've talked about this many times, all of the dimensions over which we, we balance that and we have our ongoing investments in our business. As far as the Kentucky distilling expansion, we have had distilling expansion in our Tequila facilities. We have our single multi scotch and expansions. We have warehouse expansions, just port Jack Daniels growth family of brands, growth and Woodford Reserve. And those are they cost more in today's environment based off the inflation we talked about. But our number one objective is to maintain flexibility and strength of our balance sheets to do a couple things, which is to be able to invest back behind the, our business to, and to take advantage of growth opportunities. And recently we did just do a special dividend of -- it's approximately $480 million. So we did deploy cash to our shareholders from using that method. So again, our, our approach is consistent balance it's about maintaining flexibility and we are looking at many things to, in, from the investments that I just spoke of. And we're also thinking about the increased volatility that might be in the months and times ahead related to the geopolitical environment that are just send down at this moment.
Leanne Cunningham: Well, I'll start with your last part of, we don't we don't forecast FX. We have it in there as what is known to date, but we wouldn't attempt to forecast what that change is going forward. And then as I would just say from a, an outlook perspective in our fourth quarter, we really are going to be cycling our strongest comps from the prior year when in the last quarter of the prior year, the on premise largely, I mean, in some places around the world, but specifically in the us, our largest market began to reopen. So we do know we're going against some tough comps. And we also we're still addressing some I chain constraints and input cost headwinds. And then I'll just layer on the last piece, which is potentially the rising, the rising uncertainty of the geopolitical environment and the unknowns by which that creates.
Leanne Cunningham: So what was, so from a cost perspective, we've talked about, our commodities we've talked about with labor, we've talked about transportation, which continues to be constrained of freight rates due to logistics, imbalances, all those things are in there. And then we also are continuing to invest from an SG&A perspective in our strategic initiatives, which is increasing the control of our distribution, increasing the focus on our super premium brand and places around the world. And then just increasing investments back behind our brands with new marketing campaigns and a new I, what we refer to as an IMC organization.
Leanne Cunningham: Yeah. And this isn't going to be, and I've said it a co a couple of times, and, and this isn't a specific number, but it's, for example, it has taken us three quarters to draw down that inventory. We do believe that it going to take us three quarters to, to fully replenish our inventories at all levels of the supply chain. So as we look ahead, we do believe that we're going to see those shipments be stronger as were refill the inventory levels across the retailer, the distributor, and our internal.
Leanne Cunningham: And then the only thing I would add is we aren't in a, a normal, steady state. We are in a situation where we are prioritizing the most optimal usage of our finished goods. So as we think about our business, we will, I mean, we will deploy that inventory globally in the way that most optimally benefits the Company,
Leanne Cunningham: Yeah, it's a fluid situation and we're, we'll, as we, as we meet three months from now, we hope that we have much better geopolitical news to report, but at this point we're just continuing to assess where we are.
Lawson Whiting: Yeah. I mean, I think in terms of inflation, make sure I answer the right question, but I mean, the, there is some spirit -- there is pricing happening in the spirits category right now, that is stronger than it has been. I'll say in the last, I don't know, five years or more you, if you really try to pick apart Nielsen figure, then obviously this is a us comment. The spirits inflation is between one and two points, and we're going to be there too, maybe even a little better than that. And I would call that really on a global basis. That is a, that is -- it's almost been, I don't know if I'd quite be called a cultural change, but it has been a mindset change inside the Company really over the last year, not just the last quarter where we are pushing through low single digit, but steady price increases. And it's a goal to be able to do that, consistently over the upcoming years. And, and we'll see what the consumer reaction is. I mean, the consumer reaction right now, and other inflationary comments, I mean, gas prices going up is generally not great for the spirits industry. It's not great for consumer spending in general. We'll have to see how that plays out. I mean, so much of it is so recent that I don't really have any data to support that, but no, we've pushed through price increases in the U.S on Woodford, on Old Forester, el Jimador, Herradura, Chambord and really the, the vast majority of the Jack Daniels portfolio. So we are following through with what we said to you last quarter and still feeling pretty good about our position.
Lawson Whiting: And a comment on the underlying thing too, a little bit, we were the only Company, I think this is true, that was doing underlying reporting and is why the FCC couldn't, they couldn't get their heads around it. So we switched to organic, which is now largely consistent with way the rest of the industry has been doing it for a long time. So on a positive side of it, all, it we're now sort of equivalent with them and make it a little bit easier to compare. But I know, I do recognize that this is a crazy quarter to be doing it, given the volatility and distributor inventory.
Lawson Whiting: Yeah. You want me, or I mean, I'll start it at least. I mean, what came in better in the quarter was Jack Daniels, tendency whiskey. I mean, it was a blowout in terms of its ability to get the glass, get it through the system. And the demand, I don't want to say surprised to the upside, but it was just very, very strong. And so when that gets going, it's amazing. What kind of, growth that this Company can do is I compared it to last year when it was down 4% and we were able to do this fixed. I mean that when it, it's not going to maintain its 20% growth rate through the year, it's still going to be outstanding. So, and it really, it came from really all parts of the world really showed pretty dynamic growth. We had some really strong markets in Europe and some very strong markets in the emerging, in the emerging world. So…
Lawson Whiting: Yeah. I mean, I think the biggest part of it really tough comp though. I mean, I think that there's nothing really unusual going on or, anything like that. It's just, I mean, last year, fourth quarter was plus 19. Is that right? Yeah. So going against a plus 19.
Lawson Whiting: Well, we're still for the time being, we are going to continue using that same, I think called independent, third party distributor. I don't have, I don't know how many months of inventory they have, but they're continuing to stay in place and that, that we don't expect a ton of disruption on, at least on that side now consumer demand is going to fall off. There's no way. I mean, we're all. And I, I think the competitors are doing it to taking big price increases as the rule has fallen so far. So that's going to shave off some demand, but what was a very strong market for us is going to be less of a driver going forward. But as we said earlier, I mean, it is, in fiscal '21, it was 1% of our sales, so it's not a falling off the cliff.
Lawson Whiting: Meaning higher margin markets are going to get more, get per choice in the glass line over those that are lower
Lawson Whiting: Well, it's, I mean, we have begun or we had begun to hiring. I said a little bit ago we had eighties, some odd people in, in the Russian market right now. We're obviously putting a pause on that and we're just kind of survey. I mean, it's only been a week, so we just haven't, we, we haven't made any sort of material decisions yet, but there, there wouldn't, there're not going to be a write off or anything like that that I can, that I would expect out of that market. I mean,
