Don Berg: I can do them in more I think broad brush terms I think with great specificity or granularity and often times what we find when we have great ambitions for the market, some of the most initial investments that we place are the people to go help us whether they are in go-to-market investments or just the initial people to build a base of knowledge in the market. And I think what we referenced here both Don and I relates to Brazil is a nice example of after many years of trying a wide variety of models down there. We are making some pretty significant move in our view longer-term investments related to the potential of that market by setting up basically our own operation down there. And I think the first phase usually in a lot of these brick markets but also I think in a lot of markets where you have ambition come through people and then I think it varies market by market depending upon what portfolio strategy you have for that market and where there maybe immediate short-term opportunity for brands that exist in Brown-Forman's portfolio versus some of the longer-term opportunities. I don’t mean to give the implication since the day that we haven’t been in places like Brazil or Russia or China or India for some time. It’s just that they really are attractive consumer opportunities with all kinds of complexities and we have been very committed to them. We also continue though to have to weight our investments there relative to these other great markets that have similar great opportunities. So I don’t know that I can give you a percentage margin in the first three years and then you would expect to have different margins in later years. We do I think typically when we have real high ambitions through for a market and willing to invest more of the gross profit back into brand expense and SG&A in the early years and with the host that over a longer period of time now produce similar margins to Brown-Forman overall has a consumer appeal growth in the market.
Don Berg: Yes, on the investment posture side, we are looking at taking our A&P investments up next year. We haven’t disclosed, we traditionally not disclose when we have done our guidance, the specific line items within the P&L, though we are looking to increase it modestly next year. I think as you think about the split of that investment, there will be more of it going into the international markets and there would be in the U.S. markets. We also tend to look at in addition to A&P, is Paul was talking about earlier, the kinds of investments we’re making in terms of people investments and certainly as we think about that next year with some of these distribution changes that we’ve talked about, when you think about our SG&A line, most of that increase can be attributed to the investments we’re going to be making in a lot of these markets what we are setting up around distribution.
Don Berg: Yes, it was pretty much right along what we’re expecting, Ann.Ann Gurkin – Davenport & Co.: Okay, that’s great. Thank you very much.
Don Berg: When we talk about price, it does have mix factors in there. So to the extent that Paul’s talking about things like trading from a 750 up to a 175, you will have some of the mix factor in these numbers, but I was referring to more specifically was if you looked at the activity throughout 2010, given the broad consumer base that Jack Daniel’s has, where there were areas of the country that were particularly harder hit and where our consumers were having a harder time staying within the franchise as much as they would like, we did do more discounting in the course of the past year than what we have historically done over a long period of time.Thomas Russo – Gardner Russo & Gardner: Thank you. Good quarter. Thanks, guys.
Don Berg: We haven’t seen a lot of it, rather we think we are starting to see a little bit of less discounting, but it’s just too early to really tell you what’s really going on out there.
Don Berg: Yeah. We are seeing some positive signs there and we think that one of the biggest impacts to the brand in Poland over the course of last year have a lot a do with destocking and so on a year-over-year basis, we should be seeing some improvement just from that standpoint. It does appear within the market that things are getting slightly better, but how well that’s going to translate still remains to be seen. But like I say Finlandia has done an excellent job from holding its own within that environment and gaining share during this timeframe.
Don Berg: Yeah. I wouldn’t read too much into it, Lindsay. What you are looking out there is somewhere between probably one day to two days worth of inventory in general and I mean it’s not unusual to see those kinds of changes year-over-year. There are a couple of markets, France in particular that had a promotion change in terms of timing year-over-year where they put some inventory in there in anticipation of it and so some of it will have to do with timing or programming changes and what have you and so I just wouldn’t build too much in there in terms of thinking about what it means in terms of trends and confidence levels or what have you.
Don Berg: It’s a little bit difficult to answer that. I think what you are asking for is on a relative basis because typically the inventories will fluctuate throughout the course of the calendar year. A lot of it having to do with the seasonality of the brand and they will fluctuate. Like what I was talking about before where if you have some of these programming moves, they will move in and out. I mean I think generally speaking, we feel that most of the restocking is behind us at this stage and so I would anticipate the kind of fluctuations that you’d see going forward would be kind of more of a normal level that goes with the seasonality of the business.
Don Berg: Yes, we’ve been coming at it. We’ve been introducing this concept into a number of different markets over the course of the last couple of years. As we’ve looked at our performance through 2010 in the United States with a couple of exceptions and those exceptions would be the ones that we’ve been at the later end of moving towards this Bacardi Rum form an alliance. The performance that we have seen on our brands in the markets with Bacardi alliance have generally been better than those markets what we have. And again I think it really speaks to what Paul was talking about in terms of the focus that we’re getting in a dedicated selling division in those accounts that we think are the most important to our business and so when you got a salesman who’s got less than a 100 SKUs when he is walking into an account, it allows him to just put a whole lot more focus on your brands and as well it allows you to spend more dedicated time with your people training them on what your brands are all about and what your objectives are in the marketplace and so I think that’s what we have been seeing a lot of these benefits.
Don Berg: Just to finalize the last part of your question, we’re in a number of markets. I don’t know the exact number right off the top of my head, but I can tell you when you look at the five largest markets in the U.S., the alliances in four of those five, so that would include New York, Florida, California, and Texas. And there is a host of others out there in addition to that.Lindsay Drucker Mann – Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you very much.
Paul Varga: I have a kind of little bit on the margin structure. There really isn’t a fast rule about how to think about margin in any of the markets outside the United States. There’s a number of variables to get factored into it. One certainly is pricing and while pricing generally outside the United States tends to be higher than the U.S. in particular, Asia tends to be one of our higher price areas in the world. The other thing that (inaudible) pretty dramatically our exchange rate. And its exchange rates fluctuate; you can see some significant differences in margins as a result of that. The other thing that can change the way that you think about from a margin standpoint has to do with what our route-to-market strategy would be in a market. In a market like Russia, that we’re just talking about where we have an agency relationship with Coca-Cola Hellenic their margin would come out of our margin and so you would tend to see a lower margin in that type of a market compared to a place like China where we pretty much our own distribution system and so you’d end up having a higher margin structure where you also have a higher SG&A structure. So like I said there’s really no hard and fast rule as to how to think about it. You almost have to look at a market by market basis but generally, when the dollars the weakest or margins are the best outside the United States and vice versa.
Paul Varga: Lauren, I might add to it as well. One of the complicating factors in it is that one of the most in my view important incremental bits of activity that will influence F11 are primary packaging changes, which actually show up in cost of sales and then therefore because it affects a brand on a global level that any investments you make and primary packaging basically have an impact across the whole globe we tend to have global packages. So it’s hard to pinpoint what will be the actual dedicated influences when you do some of these things like packaging, but I think drawing back to my longer range ambitions that I’ve talked about because we see so much of the incremental opportunity being in markets for Brown-Forman’s still relatively new or haven’t reached anywhere near what we consider to be a developed stage for our brand and our company. We would anticipate having more investment outside the United States going forward in general versus the U.S. market where we’ve been established for so long.
Paul Varga: I think it varies by brand. We’re obviously in a very different circumstance with a brand like Jack Daniel’s which occupies such a leadership position compared to one of our smaller brands or a brand like Finlandia, so it does vary by brand, also varies of course by location around the world. I think when we talk about it, a good way I think for those of you who get institutional data is to look at it over longer periods of time and look at in the end all of the ways that any of the brands are Brown-Forman and the competition, ultimately you are trying to have the best in that sales performance you can have and I think what we tend to after a fiscal year-end we sit back and look at what happened over the last year or so and our balancing act of pricing and how it affected volume and how did it all roll up into a net sales figure. And when we look at the syndicated data in the United States, we get really encouraged that we’re doing that balancing act amongst the top five companies I’d say very well and this doesn’t mean it’s conditions are always great because whether it’s discounting or the ability to take price increases, but if you all were to look at the same data and usually this is the Nielson’s dollar sales or NADCA dollar sales, you’ll see a consistent picture where Brown-Forman is continuing to get moderate pricing usually and doing it without a significant sacrifice in volume.
Paul Varga: Hey, good morning, Tom. How are you?Thomas Russo – Gardner Russo & Gardner: I am just fine. Thank you for the increased disclosure especially the release to the ready-to-drink category and I would love it if you could just spend a second talking about how you see that category evolving and how you size it up as you roll without, I was a bit surprised by the new mix so often, and then just very impressed with the early numbers for Jack and Southern Comfort. Talk about that category.
Paul Varga: Yes, Tom, I’ll let Don answer one part of it. We always have that sort of I call implicit discount. I will give you one example which is when you have a 1.75 liter size in a market and a 750, I mean everyday on the shelf, there is a quantity discount per ounce available to the consumer for buying the larger size, so some of that trading around and within the size mix and within the actual other expressions within the Jack Daniel’s family goes on as well. And I for one, I’d just say this is wonderfully as Gentleman Jack and Single Barrel has done over the last couple of years. I am really pleased with how well Jack Daniel’s has held up because you have the potential to cannibalize there and Jack Daniel’s in my view in a tough environment, has done very well, while at the same time, we’ve seen Gentleman Jack and Single Barrel grow. So I think it’s a real testament to the brand health of Jack Daniel’s and I’ll let Don comment on it, but, we really believe that at times, a price reduction in a difficult economy to a loyal consumer is a really important brand-building investment. When you have a franchise that spans a broad demography including socioeconomic class, you really, really want to make sure you pay attention to the whole franchise and we think it can be done in a quality manner, some of the harmful side effects that go on with just half hazards discounting, but through these last couple of years I have been pretty proud of the way that our people around the world have done that balancing act and I think it’s shown up in the net sales progress that Jack Daniel’s relative to many major competitors.
Paul Varga: I think it varies to so much from promotional period to promotional period. It’s hard to get a feel on a short-term basis because you don’t get the sense of consistency and so I think all of our brands are well served to go out and do what they think is the appropriate thing for the environment, of course, having an eye on the competition, but also thinking about the consumer franchise, and then if we can measure it over a slightly extended period of time, you can see what the net effect of it is. And I haven’t seen anything yet in the consumer environment that tells me it’s really wise to go back to alcohol FY '05, FY '06 levels of planned price increases if that’s what your question was. I think continuing to be real smart about how we price both appropriate discounts but also price increases is going to still prevail during FY '11 and if environment improves sufficiently to permit more, we will take an opportunity to do that, but people are going to be very well rewarded for staying very on top of the pricing right now.Kevin Dreyer – Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Okay, great. And just on Finlandia, you mentioned that Poland, I think you said decline the grew share if I remember right that’s the largest market for the branded level or just what’s kind of prospects for that market turning around? It had been a very strong growth a couple of years ago.
Paul Varga: I might add one thing. The estimates we have of consumer takeaway actually have been better generally than the depletion and so we find that encouraging sort of at the consumer level. The other thing is that the second half of our year there was better than the first half, so a lot of the things, destocking and sensitivity to that occurred mostly in the first half of last year, the second half saw better overall depletions, but underneath at all the consumer takeaway has held up pretty good for its toughness competitive with that environment out.Kevin Dreyer – Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Great. And then just final question on the tequila brands in Mexico, specifically. That’s been a pretty difficult market ever since the acquisition really and just curious as to your thoughts on the market there this coming year.
Paul Varga: I’ll start. It was a very tough market this past year for a variety of environmental reasons I think. But having said that, I think our performance down there over the last 12 months against that backdrop was pretty good and looking ahead a lot of the new initiatives that we’ve been talking about related to packaging and innovation, people would have it in their head that you may only apply to the United States, the other side that is very much applies to Mexico as well. So to the extent that some of the new activity and innovations and packaging and all that have an impact in Mexico, I mean it boards well for that country. So it’s been a place for we have I think right because the size of the business there has been the largest for us around the world in terms of the tequila business. We’ve treaded lightly with dramatic change and so a lot of the work we’ve been doing has been preparing us I think somewhat for FY'11 and beyond and so we will see how it goes, but if the innovation and creativity was implying to the tequila sticks and has a nice impact in Mexico, it would really board well for that country this year.Kevin Dreyer – Gabelli & Company, Inc.: Great thank you.
Paul Varga: Lindsay, if I could connect that to the one of the strategies that talked about for the longer-term, a sales person who was selling Bacardi and Brown-Forman brands before was probably going to pay a lot of attention to brands like Jack Daniel’s or Grey Goose or Bacardi, the biggest and most important brands in the market place. Where this could have a real benefit over a longer period of time is actually in building the brands beyond the most premier trademarks that our two companies have, because they can dedicate a little bit more focus to some of the developing brands or brands that were otherwise down the list in a prioritization when they were part of the portfolio that had many, many more SKUs. So one long range thing, we’re going to keep an eye on it to see if it helps some of our brands that maybe worth deficient in terms of amount of attention we’re able to get behind them.
