Don Berg: It depends on what you're comparing it to. If you're comparing it to the last second quarter call, currency was just about neutral there as well, maybe slightly up. And so it is going from kind of slightly up to neutral at this point.
Don Berg: Yeah. I will start with that. The – to a certain extent, it’s probably, there is some truth to all of that. At the time that we made the Casa Herradura acquisition, it was before the economic downturn. The on-premise was doing particularly well and we saw a lot of this trading up towards super premium brands. And so we certainly, I think at the time had higher hopes of where Herradura would be able to go given the environment that we were in. We had some pretty high expectations for el Jimador. Although those expectations, the results have been better than what those expectations were at the time. If you remember when we did that acquisition, there were a number of pieces to it that we actually had quite a bit of interest in. Beyond just the brand side, we were really looking forward to having some brands that would be particularly relevant to the growing Hispanic consumer base in the United States and so we were looking for both el Jimador and Herradura to help us with that and we were also looking to have our own distribution platform in Mexico. And within that, Jack Daniels has been doing particularly well. Even through this downturn within Mexico, the whiskey category has continued to grow at something like 17%, according to Nielson's and Jack has been growing at a far higher rate than that. And then the other thing that was a little bit of a surprise coming out was that through the acquisition, we also acquired quite a large position in the ready-to-drink market in Mexico through a brand they had there called New Mix. And that arena has continued to grow throughout this period, certainly at faster rates than we were expecting at the time that we did the acquisition and it has also now allowed us an opportunity to bring Jack and Cola into the Mexican market that we have introduced this year. And so, if you look specifically at Herradura, yes, it probably hasn't performed quite at the level that we were hoping that it would, but it has been more than offset by a lot of the other areas that came about through that acquisition.
Don Berg: Well, part of it, we have a very nice agency brand there, Maximus, which is a vodka position just below Finlanda in terms of price, a very good-sized brand there. It has done well. And it took some pricing there and I think that has had an impact on it. Another thing that has influenced through the course of the first nine months in Poland for the Finlanda brand has been some de-stocking. It has actually been we've seen some inventory reduction there. A lot going on in that market. We're a very big brand with Finlanda. New flavors, flavors are an important part of that business there. But I think the two biggest factors on year-to-date performance have been some de-stocking on Finlanda because we look at the consumer takeaway there and Finlanda has held up pretty well compared to the results we see at the depletion level. And then the other part is really this Maximus.Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson & Company: Thank you.
Don Berg: Hey Lindsey, just to be sure that we're talking in the same language, when you say per unit, Paul is talking about this on a per drink basis and that's how we're thinking about it, on a per unit basis. If you're thinking per unit on a nine liter basis that generally is how we've been reporting the case information on this. But Paul's comments is on a per, when he talks per unit, he is talking on a per drink basis. On a per drink basis, ready-to-drink is more profitable than full strength.Lindsay Drucker Mann – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks very much.
Don Berg: Sure. Asia, Asia really is an exciting area of the world. And one of the things about Asia related to Jack Daniel's, it is some of our highest priced markets in the world. It is an area that, where consumers really do appreciate and demand premiumness. And so it is an important part of how we think about our future. We have got quite – we've done quite a nice job in Japan over a long period of time. And in fact, I believe now Jack Daniel's is either the largest selling whiskey in Japan or close to the largest selling whiskey in Japan as we just continue to build and evolve that brand over time. We've got, hopefully, similar aspirations for the rest of Asia, although, we are looking at it from a very long-term perspective. We have been in China for probably around 14, 15 years now. And we were seeing some very nice growth in that market up until a couple of years ago when things got far more competitive. We have tended to focus in Asia against the consumer, the younger consumer who aspires towards the western lifestyle. And using a lot of that iconography of Jack Daniel's to the sense that they are aspirational to western lifestyles. And so we have tended to focus most of our brand building time and attention more in the western style bars where those consumers go as opposed to the other area of the business that tends to be out in China. A large part of the business which tends to be in the business entertainment environment, where it tends to be a lot more price and discounting sensitive in terms of what brands get into those outlets and where you don't have the opportunity to build the kind of brand loyalty over time that we're looking for. And so we've tended to concentrate less on the volume part of the business, which that tends to be more the longer-term developing brand loyalty part of the business with people that we're looking to bring into the franchise or looking more for that western aspirational lifestyle. Paul, I don't know if you want to add anything to that.
Don Berg: I will tell you, it is interesting. It is something that we've been looking at for the 14 years that I mentioned. We looked at – we're probably one of the first ones actually, to originally look at to a buys you company there and it just happened to be at a time that you couldn't just buy the buy you company. You got the hospitals and the schools and everything else with it. And the market has changed quite a bit since then. But like anything we talk about in this arena. I mean it's an area that we keep our eye open for and we're constantly looking at and thinking about.
Don Berg: Hopefully, I didn't misconstrue where we were going, because it wasn't – I mean it's meant to be an evolutionary path as opposed to all of a sudden, some kind of – we've got some kind of lightning bolt and we're making a major change. And we've been moving in this direction for quite some time and if you look at where we were, I made a reference where we were 10 years ago. And we had very, very, very few people in any of these markets. And over that time, we continue to put people in the markets, we've gotten to know these markets better. By getting to know the markets better, we've gotten to know what other opportunities there might be from our portfolio beyond just Jack Daniel's. And as we continue to grow our portfolio aspirations, the route-to-consumer piece of that is really critical in terms of how we think about that success.
Don Berg: Yeah. And just to be clear, in terms of how you're thinking about trade. Because some people can mean distributors and some can mean retailers and some can mean both. We strip out the distributor piece in what we report as being underlying. And so what is left out there is fluctuations that you might see at the retail level. I would say that compared to what we were seeing a year ago, inventory levels are fairly stable. They continue to fluctuate, throughout the calendar year, just because of seasonal reasons. We have seen probably a little bit of restocking over the course of the year, if you look at it on a nine months basis. But I think at this point in time, we see this being somewhat kind of stable and going back to what the normal patterns have historically been.
Don Berg: No. I mean clearly, we tend to look at travel retail as a channel and it's an important channel. And I think that any time that you start to see pickup in the travel area, whether it be on the business side or on the vacation side. It's going to be something that's going to be good for us. So hopefully you're right and it is a leading indicator and we will continue to see that picking up.
Paul Varga: I think we are going to watch it unfold. It is a hard one to forecast. Every time we thought it had sort of stabilized, we might watch it a couple of months, make it – actually continue to have some of this shift from off to on. I think in a very broad sense, thinking about it globally, my view is that we're still in about the same circumstance where we haven't seen a lot of increased traffic back in the global on premise environment. So a lot of the comments that Don made related to where we're placing our emphasis and investment and particularly as it relates to packaging as well are geared toward just that increasing consumer presence in the off-premise.
Paul Varga: Tim, one thing I might add too is that any time you do these acquisitions, one of the first things you think about is how can we add value from where these brands stand and any point in time and the one thing that is, I think helping el Jimador, particularly relative to Herradura is that one of the most important changes we made was actually a product change, which we were able to make more rapidly in some of these packaging changes. These packaging changes take quite a bit of time. They're very permanent in terms of the commitments you make, at least for a multi-year commitment. And so I think el Jimador has been a little bit ahead of Herradura in terms of the impact we've been able to have in terms of our sales and marketing efforts. So –Tim Ramey – D.A. Davidson & Company: The 100% agave? Yeah.
Paul Varga: Good morning.Lindsay Drucker Mann – Goldman Sachs: I was just hoping you could put a bit more clarity on trends in Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey in some of your core markets from a depletions perspective.
Paul Varga: Sure. You mean just generally? I mean, I think –Lindsay Drucker Mann – Goldman Sachs: Just if you could disclose the depletions growth of Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey. I may have missed it, but in the U.S. and then some of the U.K., some of the bigger markets.
Paul Varga: I will tell that you just generally, I think we commented on this pretty extensively in Q1, but I will reiterate it, because this trend has continued. The ready-to-drink offering, particularly for Jack Daniel's, has had a major impact on this fiscal year's performance. And it really comes in two forms. One, the economic benefit we derived from the sale of the products themselves. And the Australia example is a wonderful one, where it is growing so nicely at a time when – the thing we take note of is that Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey at the same time in that market is continuing to grow as well, very nicely. And it really sends you the signal to look closely at what might be going on. Because oftentimes, one would assume that if the ready-to-drink brand was growing, it might be cannibalizing the full strength product. But the reality is that these ready-to-drinks, particularly when they are positioned right and marketed and sold well, that they actually become a very important marketing tool, which does not get reported on any line item in a P&L. They become a tool for brand presence in the marketplace. They are a major contributor to the promotion of mix ability. And they create for, particularly brands that have been around a long time and particularly those which have a more traditional positioning such as many whiskey brands. It gives it a contemporary edge and boost that sometimes we try to achieve through more traditional marketing. So I think on a multitude of levels, the RTDs have helped us and reminded us of the importance of utilizing them, not just for their contributions to sales and profitability, but also to help with the overall communications and marketing effort on behalf of the full strength brand. Now, I would not want to you take that and say that's all you have to do in order to market these full-strength brands. It takes a wide array of activities. But we are really pleased with the work that has gone on with these RTDs. And it has gone beyond Australia. Our lessons in Australia over the last several years have had us making good progress in Europe, most notably for the last several years in Germany, but also more recently in the UK. And then just this past year, we have been seeing great results from the introduction of Jack Daniel's ready-to-drinks down in Mexico, where we already have a very strong, not only distribution presence, but very good ready-to-drink business through the New Mix brands.Lindsay Drucker Mann – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thanks. And then I was hoping you could shed some light on the solid underlying 3% gross profit, growth figure that you reported. I know that the comp was a little bit easier versus what the other quarters have been, but what else is driving some of the boost, especially considering that it seems like revenue per unit is coming under some pressure.
Paul Varga: They sure are. And we always fret around here about how to report these, because if you don't do it regularly, it can be confusing. Because you have to convert both the – sometimes we do it on an equivalent basis and we will convert the ready-to-drinks to a whiskey equivalent and then of course, you take the same equivalent and multiply it to the sales price or the gross profit per case. And so because of that translation, you find that these are highly profitable on that basis and it is why we – again, going back to this, they not only are beneficial to us on the income statement, but they become a source of marketing. And I would really direct you, because we too, of course, we're studying this. I think you referenced the revenue per unit. We of course are looking at that real closely, but when it all comes out in the wash, you need to look at underlying net sales performance. And because sometimes those investments at a time when consumers are really struggling with discretionary income are really investments in your consumer franchise so that they can continue to consume your brand. And you just got it make sure you're not too deep or do anything that will hurt you long-term. We think we're doing that balancing act well. And when we look at the year-to-date underlying net sales growth of Jack Daniel's at 6%, we think that is about as strong a performance as we could expect in this environment.
Paul Varga: I just think the only other thing is that we've made some conscious choices not to – and this is, I would say a little dated in terms of its reference, but putting aside maybe the last half a year or to a year, but the preceding several years, the cost to play in that market for the kind of brand development we would have been hoping for were extraordinarily high. And so when we had other alternatives which we thought where we could invest behind our Jack Daniel's development or the Finlandia, wherever it happened to be, that we're, for us, we felt more valuable. And it doesn't mean it is not an either, or. It was – at the same time that we've been constantly checking and rechecking our strategy in a place like China, but it also extends out to Korea and some of these other markets where we think there is great long-term opportunity. And because I think some of our competitors have – one of the influences here is Europe, Western and Eastern Europe, where we've had a lot of remaining growth and we've continued to see a lot of growth. We're spreading our resources. I think around more broadly to seize that growth where a number of our competitors have tended to concentrate it in some of the key brick markets. And while we're there, we have high ambitions, particularly long-term there. We just haven't been willing so far to put up the kind of investments that are – particularly in China that we felt – we just didn't think they were worthwhile at that time. So we are going to continue to look at it. I suspect we probably have altered in some way our China strategy in those 14 years, Don referenced about every three years because the market dynamic changes and we will probably continue to do that. It is going to be a huge, I think, market for Jack Daniel's over the very long-term. It is just that it right now is not offering some of the near-term growth that other markets might be.
Paul Varga: One thing I will just say, when we compare these markets too is our – in reference to all of the portfolio development where we added vodkas and tequilas and some of these markets as we go around, we look for markets where we can also do more than just Jack Daniel's. And right now, for whatever reason the Chinese market is mostly a cognac and whiskey market. It's at least dominated by those it doesn't mean that there won't be long-term opportunity there for other categories. There are other markets around the world that are really nice whiskey and vodka or whiskey, vodka and tequila markets or offer nice liqueur markets. And so some of these markets where they fit more naturally for the portfolio we have. We tend to give them a little extra consideration and priority. So China for us, really is very much a – it would be a whiskey play for us today. We tried some of the other brands in our portfolio with a little bit of success. But they are not the kind of success that you can get in other parts of the world for those brands and those categories. So that is another influencing condition to when we go make these investments and allocate the resources around the world is to how these – how the categories set up for the portfolio we have today.
Paul Varga: Well, I think – we're investing there. It's just that there was a one, two punch that was going on that I was referencing. One was the investment in the accounts. I think the other one was the investment in above the line media that was partnered with it. And the combination of those were an extraordinary investment by both Diageo and Pernod in our view. And then other companies have come in as well and made significant investments. So last time I saw the numbers, the media part had come down considerably, which we think helps to make it more attractive. We have been investing in media and I don't want to leave the impression we're not investing there. We definitely are investing there. But it just pales in comparison to the, at times what people would referred to as sort of the free for all that was going on 18 to 24 months ago. I do think that, as I said earlier, I think it's really going to be an important market for us over the long-term. We're going to continue to look at the strategies that are necessary for us to compete smartly there. But we also when we look at the broad landscape against which we can allocate our resources, we just don't want to take some kind of 2,000 or 3,000 index of resource allocation and put it singularly in that market. And I will give you an example, Pernod Ricard, I mean we just all would know this, that they happen to have both strong whiskey and a cognac for that market. By comparison for us, I will just go a little bit over to Russia where we think whiskey and of course vodka, it's one of the premiere vodka markets in the world, as well as the growing a tequila business would fit very, very well. And so I'm not trying to say Russia is going to be a more important long-term market. It is just for today that it meets I think where our portfolio sits and gives us some ability to produce some near-term results that may be greater than in the near-term in China. But I think – my belief is that just like we saw in Japan on Jack Daniel's going back 30 years ago. Jack Daniel's will continue through its entire trademark, just not black label to have a wonderful opportunity in China. We've got to figure out the right mix to do it and do it on Brown-Forman's terms, I think which is not ignorant of what is going on in the market. But allows us to compete the way we think we should be competing, which is not to play the game that the larger players are playing.Kevin Dreyer – Gabelli & Company: Great. Thank you.
Paul Varga: I haven't seen enough results yet that have been reflected. I think the way we've been looking at it is in some ways that go beneath in my view. What a lot of the superficial assessments will do when one looks at individual P&L line items. It has taken us a couple of years honestly, to get and this varies by brand and varies by region. The recipes right for how to make our brands perform well in this environment. And one of the things liberated us is to think consistently across the P&L. So up and down, through packaging by looking at the pricing and but also thinking about value-added, also looking at what needs are there for either awareness or distribution building through A&P and then importantly, probably the most important ingredient is the people themselves. And so it's always so – there is a great temptation to just default quickly to the media budget. And I got to tell you, the media is an important tool in this industry, but many, many, many, many brands in this industry particularly the most powerful ones are built with recipes that go well beyond just an investment in media. Media is really important, but the social aspect of this business. And what we sometimes refer to as the brand equity that comes from this business being a social business is really important to understand. And one of the ways you can get at that is in ways beyond just media. And so we think we are working hard to try to understand that for all of our brands. And I think on Jack Daniel's particularly, we have had a nice recipe the last year and we're prone to changing it based on changes in the environment as well.
Paul Varga: And we've seen some good results there, more recently. We really have too, just like the industry. So it's a good question. We will probably look into that more closely to see how much – because it you could probably study if it led into recoveries, yeah.
Paul Varga: Thank you. And I am showing there are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Marmor.
Jane Morreau: That was recorded in other income and expense. And there was a portion of it that was tax deductible as it relates to the U.S. and there was a portion of it that was not tax deductible.
Jane Morreau: We are projecting our full year to be somewhere between 33 and 33.5%. And so we are right now at what 33.9%? So we're expecting the fourth quarter to come in the 32.5 or 33 range to come up with the 33 to 33.5.
Jane Morreau: Yes. The benefits that we received in the quarter on costs were reduction efficiencies that became permanent in nature. I would recommend that we look at the year-to-date performance so that relationship between gross profit and sales, as opposed to taking what happened in the quarter and assuming that is going to go throughout the rest of the year. So it is largely production efficiencies, which are real, but it is more of a timing of recognition.
Jane Morreau: No. Not when you consider – we book our hedges into sales and so I think when you look at hedging activity this year versus hedging activity last year. What that effective rate is, I think that we will not get a benefit at that line.
