Jane Morreau: Yes. And I’ll just add on. I think that’s exactly where I would have gone. You’re asking why we’ve done so well. I think our portfolio, as we’ve been saying all year long, it is well positioned to take advantage of the trends. Convenience, we benefited tremendously from our RTD business. RTD business has been very solid in the U.S., and of course, you know we just entered a new partnership with Pabst, which we believe will take our RTD business to an even higher level. When we think about the mix ability, our flavored whiskey did very well, particularly Honey in the U.S. business -- in the U.S. market because of the ease of mixing great-tasting cocktails. As tequilas, Lawson just referenced, that category has been on fire. We’ve got two of the best tequilas, we believe, in the industry and have benefited because of that. And then, something else we’ve been talking about all year long is everyday luxury, and that is playing great to the strength of our brands, Woodford Reserve, which has continued this phenomenal growth; and in Old Forester, there’s -- what is it, the Series C which is doing terrific. And then even we’ve introduced some higher-end expressions in the tequila category, which is where the growth is coming from. So, I think we’re benefiting from a lot of those type of trends, Kevin, to be honest with you. Yes.
Jane Morreau: Yes. So yes, just to step back, as you said, we did have a pretty big drag on our margins this year, and it was driven in large part because of input costs. That was the biggest piece, that was three quarters of it, so think wood and agave and I’ll get to -- as we look forward. So really, mix only had a small impact. It was only a quarter of it so $0.06 [ph] or so. And when you break it out and you pull it apart, yes, a piece of it is because of Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey and the fact that the on-premise were shut down and Jack Daniel’s in the U.S. alone is one of the top three on-premise brands. And so, it was impacted significantly and it impacted our margins, of course. So, when we look ahead to F ‘22, as I said in my script and you just referenced, we are expecting some improvement. I will pause for a moment, and the improvements why we’re expecting is because we do expect some of these last couple of years of hurt from agave to begin to reverse and only begin next year, and we can talk more about that later if people want to know what we’re seeing in that. But, we also have had a number of productivity initiatives from our global production organization that will start to begin realized next year, and we’ve got several years before they’re all fully realized because of, again, just a reminder of our aged whiskey products, and how things go on to the balance sheet. And then, mix will benefit some, but it’s not the hugest piece, as I said, this year, I said from this past year and how much it hurt. What I will want to pause and point out for a moment is something that we have included in our forecast, and that’s a pretty significant increase in commodity costs. Inflationary commodity cost is around double digits is what we currently have forecasted in there. Otherwise, we would have expected a better improving margin next year -- or this year, and we’re going to keep an eye on that, by the way, as I know all consumer products companies are. But right now, we feel where we sit, that we can improve margins -- expect margins to begin to improve in F ‘22. And as we look beyond that, we expect improving trends thereafter. As a reminder, tariffs are still in our numbers. They’re still dragging down our numbers and hope -- we’ve got optimistic that that will go away at some point down the road.
Jane Morreau: And by the way, just to build on what Lawson said, despite the on-premise shutdowns largely in the U.S. this year -- off and on for sure, in the U.S. this year, our emerging brands collectively wasn’t as strong as prior years, but it did grow double digits, thanks to the team in the U.S. organization. They did tremendous work and pivoted quickly to the off-premise.
Jane Morreau: Yes. I’m sorry about that. It’s definitely off our underlying number. So just as a reminder, the difference between our reported and underlying was largely due to the sale of Canadian Mist and Early Times, so you definitely want to take that out of your numbers. And we also had a one quarter benefit -- or one quarter, they were still in our results for the first quarter of the year, so you’ll definitely want to take that out when you consider first top and bottom line.
Jane Morreau: Yes. I was going to say I was going -- I agree with Lawson. I’m not sure that we’ll -- it will be interesting to watch summer events. It may take a while for all of this to shake out beyond this year even. A lot of people I know anecdotally have invested in outside entertaining spaces and things like that. And definitely, we’re still seeing the at-home purchases of online, so e-premise, to still be strong for bev alcohol, very strong, so indicating to me that people are still that behavior of driving, bringing things to your home is still there. We’ll see. I mean, that’s the most recent results I read this morning, but it is going to be interesting.
Jane Morreau: Yes. I mean, they are going to make the product there other than our glass bottle facility we have there. So they’re really going to beef up our can, Jack Daniel’s Country Cocktails which we don’t have any today to speak of. So, that’s one thing. But we’re going to sell them the glass. They’re going to then distribute it throughout all their channels that we don’t, as you asked initially, we don’t have traditionally access to. And so, they’re going to make it. They’ve got better capabilities as it relates to packaging, configurations, things like that, so we can have some mixability, pack sizes and shapes and so forth like that. And so, that is the relationship with them. So we will be selling to them and they’ll be selling on to us, we’ll get a -- in effect, we’ll get a royalty, an agreed-upon royalty and it will scale up as they grow. That’s the simplest way to talk about it.
Jane Morreau: Just building on a couple more points that Lawson just made. What we’re doing, just to give you some scale, Lauren, really, our focus initially is just on a handful of markets. It’s the UK and Germany, I think Australia.
Jane Morreau: Okay. And then, -- so it’s very, very small in nature. And each of those markets are going to have one common priority across all, which is our great Woodfood Reserve brand that we’re so excited about. But, what they do within the other rest of our emerging brands will be unique likely, depending on the category in those markets and how they’re -- what’s important in those markets though, whether it’s the scotch, whether it’s an Irish whiskey or what. So, just to give a little bit more flavor to it.
Jane Morreau: Yes, it’s hard from our tables, I guess, that we provide to really understand, but the U.S. market is doing quite well. So, both brands are growing and both brands grew volumetrically last year double digits, Herradura much stronger within the 30% range. And then, their sales growth were even stronger because of the pricing that we had. So, if you just look at our U.S. tequilas -- and we don’t have any -- we don’t have a New Mix there, so it’s RTD. This is our full strength, so it’s Herradura and el Jimador collectively grew over 30% in the U.S. at a top line perspective. So, very strong. And to your point, if we look at Herradura, according to the latest NABCA data, we’re growing right at the category. So, we’re proud of that. And I think that if you look at el Jimador price point-wise, it’s growing right in line to its price point as well. We’ve got a number of initiatives underway. Lawson may want -- I’ll pass it over to him, he may want to talk about as we look at the U.S. market and how excited we are as we go ahead with these two great brands.
Jane Morreau: Yes, exactly. Thanks, Leanne. That’s exact point I was going to say, the Make it Go campaign and then we see tremendous opportunities for distribution for both of these brands. And then, just to switch gears slightly on el Jimador, outside the U.S. and outside of Mexico, we see tremendous opportunities to introduce this brand to the rest of the world. It’s at the right price point to keep people have drink tequila, to enjoy it, to use it and mix there. And so, we’ve got plans as we look ahead for that too.
Jane Morreau: Yes. Thank you for asking. And I think what I’m going to talk about here is, I’ll first talk about, it’s impacting us supply chain-wise, disruptions that we’re seeing from the materials to the customer. Now, when I talk about that, let me break it down a little bit. As you alluded to, we talked about our results being impacted somewhat by the supply constraints in the U.S. where our distributor inventories and our retail inventories are down versus pre-COVID. And so, what’s happening there is really we’re not unique to this in terms of the back end of what’s going on here, which is what you’ve heard probably from other CPG companies or read that there’s lots of transportation and logistics challenges out there that are ramping back up as the economy improves, people start to build back and restock inventory. So, we see delays in rail service, container availability and ocean time-to-ship things across the ocean, trucking capacity in the U.S. as example. And then, labor shortage that we hear in bars and restaurants, it’s also in the warehousing industry. So, with that being said, we know that it’s -- our inventory levels are down at the end of this past year, as I said, in the U.S. They are also down outside -- in parts of Europe as well. And so, we hope and we’re working with our teams the best we can. Again, we’re at the mercy of the supply chain somewhat in this as things work out. But, when I think about the material aspect of things, because I also said we’ve had some disruptions on the material side, think about how we make barrels, we’ve had some disruptions in steel that we use to make the hoops around the barrels. But the key ingredient that we’ve had some disruptions on is our glass supply. And that is certainly something that is really important to us and something that we are working closely with our supplier now, work out the quality, get behind that and get that resolved. So, as I gave our guidance today, the top line mid-single-digit underlying and same for mid-single-digit bottom line growth, we think at this point, we had these disruptions estimated and covered. But, if things get worse, we’ll have to update that guidance as we go on in the year.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. And I think to go beyond, Vivien, you also asked about some operating expenses. I mean, the A&P line, as we’ve -- I think we’ve said this before, I would expect that to trend in line with sales. It’s a little bit less than that this year because we cut so deeply really in Q1 of last year, but I would expect us to reinvigorate that a bit. And we are, as Jane mentioned in her prepared remarks, really investing significantly behind the Make it Count campaign. And so, -- and then SG&A, also sort of in that mid-single-digit growth range as we continue to rebuild and T&E begins again and people travel and business... [multiple speakers]. It was a little bit more normal. So, another SG&A effort that has been very important over the last few years. It started with the U.S., that’s our emerging brands group, which we’ve talked about in previous calls. But pre-COVID, that group was delivering really stellar high growth rates for some of our smaller brands that are all in the sort of super and ultra-premium price points. We’re taking that model and exporting it to a number of markets in Europe and Australia and hope to see pretty strong benefits in terms of portfolio growth from that group, but that’s an investment level, too.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I haven’t seen much. I mean, I think the promotional intensity actually somewhat led off, I mean, off-premise over the last year as consumers, we’ve said a few times, were walking into a liquor store. They were looking for the brand that they know and enjoy. They were buying it and taking it off the shelf without being too picky around price. And so, you’ve seen pockets of increasing price in the off-premise in the U.S. It has not -- I’m not sure that it’s really changed a lot over the last few months. I think -- I know we have a bias, an increasing bias, and this is more of a global than just the U.S. that we need to see pricing going back up again. And that is a strategy we’re going to employ over the next year.
Lawson Whiting: I mean, I’m not -- it remains to be seen what happens over the summer. It’s going to be interesting to watch as obviously the comps get -- they’re very, very volatile as we were at such a rollercoaster last year. I mean, I do think as at least if the most recent trends, I’m talking the last few months, the off-premise market has held up. So, it gives us some optimism that those levels are going to stay. I don’t know if it will stay at a double-digit growth rate, but clearly, everything that is off-premise focused these days, particularly in American whiskey and tequila, too. I mean, there is -- there has been quite a swing between categories. And thankfully, we -- as I said earlier, we are in the right one. As far as the wine -- beer and wine, I mean, beer has obviously got a lot more event business to it and that they lost all of that. And that helped exaggerate the numbers. But I think in general, the pandemic -- we’ve said this a few times too. Any trend that was happening pre-pandemic just accelerated. And so, the spirits versus wine and beer would be one of those. Premiumization would be another one and convenience is the other core one. So, all three of those trends have been working in our favor. And it’s just -- as I say, it remains to be seen how it unfolds really as we get under the summer months.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean, that was -- I mean, the whole -- or the majority reason that we partnered up with Pabst was to be able to access all those distribution points that, as you say, our traditional wholesalers weren’t reaching. And so, that’s just started in the last, I mean, it’s weeks-old kind of thing. So, we’re going to -- we’ll see how that progresses. But certainly, we have optimism that with all those additional points of distribution that we’ll capture an even bigger price within the RTD business in the U.S. I do think -- and it’s just more of a reminder, our RTD business is much, much bigger outside of the United States than it is in. I mean, we’ve got 8 million cases of New Mix in Mexico and we’ve got 12.5 million cases of Jack Daniel’s spread out around the world. That does include the U.S. business. Our international RTD business is significantly bigger and more important to the Company right now in terms of…
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean, well, the first half of the question on the U.S. business and what trends that we’ve seen. I mean, I do know so many bars and restaurants had to reduce their inventories over the last year. And so, it became an advantage for established big brands to turn faster, and it made it challenging for newer brands, particularly some of the craft brands that just don’t have the ability to continue to push as hard as the major brands do. So, there’s been this window of opportunity, I think, from companies like Brown-Forman to be able to command a bigger piece of the back bar. And we’re going to go make sure that we get more than our fair share of that opportunity as things evolve over the next few months. In the international side, I mean, yes, it is brand new. It’s not even really formed yet. It will be over the next few months. But Europe, obviously, is several months behind in terms of openings of bars and restaurants and didn’t make a lot of sense to put a lot of effort on that until the restaurants begin to open again. But as I think you all realize, our business outside of the United States, in most markets really is a Jack Daniel’s company. And we have a big effort to continue to expand our portfolio in those markets led by like a Woodford Reserve would be a great example. But our single malt scotches are very important to us. Fords Gin, even Slane Irish Whiskey, those are much smaller brands but brands that we see a bright future for. And that’s the purpose of putting these dedicated people in place in these markets that have been so Jack Daniel’s-oriented. It’s very difficult to build a Slane Irish Whiskey next to Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey. I mean, it’s just salespeople’s incentives need to be aligned behind the right initiatives. And so, that’s the reason we’re doing it. We feel pretty good that it’ll -- we’ll be in the right place at the right time and hopefully make that into a significant piece of business.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean, I’m quite happy with the performance of Herradura over the last year. One of the challenges for Herradura has been a good thing pre-pandemic was about 40% of its sales was running through the on-premise. And that’s one of the higher brands in our Company. And to have that business shut down so much to be able to deliver the sales growth that Jane just mentioned, was a pretty good performance. And I know there’s a few brands out there that are grabbing a lot of headlines. We seem to be flying a little bit below the radar, but know that the growth has been really good. And the ultra-premium side of tequila is just -- I mean, it is growing so fast. And we’ve got some -- we’ve got really a brand called Herradura Legend would be our primary entry in that space. And we’ve got some other upper-end line extensions that are not huge but certainly taste really good and have a great place with bartenders and can really grow the Herradura name. It’s a brand that’s one of the authentic Mexican tequilas that’s been around for a long, long time. And we play off that heritage and that authenticity in all those SKUs. And that is the way we’re going to build these brands. Other brands are using the celebrities so much in the tequila category. We haven’t done that much in this Company. We’re certainly watching it. It’s been fascinating to see how some brands have absolutely taken off with some of the celebrity endorsements. But, we’re playing this a little bit for the long haul and building brands that we think will be around literally for generations. And so, we feel pretty good about it.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean, I hate to say we’re getting more optimistic on tariffs because I’ve said that a few times and have been wrong every time. It was good news that they didn’t double. I think we have said that. So, that would have been extremely painful. The G7 meeting that is happening now puts a little bit of light at the end of the tunnel that maybe they can come up with some constructive trade agreements at this meeting and that we would benefit from that. In terms of total dollar benefits, I’ve seen a few folks have -- don’t really have the number right. It’s probably in the range, like $70 million to $80 million.
Lawson Whiting: $70 million. So, what I don’t know is how much of that we would reinvest versus let drop to the bottom line. We just really haven’t made that decision yet. It depends on how the business is progressing, I think, throughout this fiscal year as to how much that we would reinvest. But, it’s going to be a pretty significant amount, I think, which would be great for the long-term health of our business. We very much look forward to that day and having to wrestle with where we want to invest those incremental dollars because it’s pretty significant.
