Donald Berg: In terms of -- on the price mix part of your question, we’ve basically been seeing somewhere around ½% or a percentage point in the whole price mix arena. So that's what's driving the difference in terms -- at least what we've seen and what we're seeing in the syndicated data is fairly consistent there. In terms of what we're seeing as far as pricing goes, we've talked a lot about being very targeted and very specific on our price increases or how we're approaching pricing overall and that continues to be true. And so it's really very much on market-by-market, size-by-size. Look at the marketplace and where we have the opportunity to take some price increases we've been doing it. There are -- just as one example, there are a couple of markets in the United States that have taken price increases on the 175 size, which drove some buy-ins, particularly in some of the large chain accounts. And that's a lot of what we saw in terms of the difference that we noted in the earnings release, in terms of what happened to Jack Daniel's in the U.S., in terms of our reported depletions versus kind of what we anticipate the real takeaway growth rate was around 2%.
Donald Berg: Lauren, on the buy-in, the retail -- the distributor buy-ins, we end up taking out as part of going to our underlying figures and so what we're really talking about here is at the retail. And when you to look at the retail buy-in for the quarter, it was primarily in the U.S. or a couple of other markets where we saw some buy-in, it was primarily in the U.S. And it was, as I mentioned before, pretty much all around some chain buy-in activities around price increases. And so history would suggest that you could expect to give back in the next quarter as a result of that, if they end up taking their inventory levels back to kind of a normal rate. So at this juncture, we're anticipating that, that might happen. Tell me what the rest of your other question.
Donald Berg: Yes. When we look at the on-premise versus the off-premise, the on-premise has been pretty much up and down throughout the whole fiscal year. There are certain months where you start to get hopeful that the on-premise is starting to turn around, and then you'll give it back over the next couple of months and it's been pretty much that way. When you step back and you look at it over the course of a 12-month period, the trend at this juncture looks like it's about flat, which would be an improvement from where it was a year ago but it’s certainly not getting back to the kind of robust growth that you're looking for. And so basically, the growth that we're seeing within the spirits environment is really being driven by the off-premise still at this juncture.
Donald Berg: Sure. On the second part, Ian, we're basically at this juncture at the cash, so we're just looking at this stage at using it for just general business purposes. We haven't announced anything in terms of any kind of capital structure changes at this juncture. In terms of the transition, we -- the agreement that we have with Concha y Toro, we will assist them on agency basis over the course of the next -- of the first nine months. We're assuming an April close. It could be less than that, but that's the maximum that we've agreed to at this juncture. And so you're right, you'll see some transition into what the full effect will be as a result of taking these brands out of our portfolio. But by fiscal 2013, we'll be at a position where everything will be behind us.
Donald Berg: I don't know about more closely. We've talked quite a bit about just how we approach the whole capital structure in terms of looking first at investing behind our current business and then also keeping an eye towards dividends and what we're able to get back to our shareholders through dividends. And then acquisitions is a very key component that we look at, and we're constantly on the lookout for those kinds of things that we think would do very well in our hands, whether they be local market opportunities or brands that might have multi-market opportunities in them. So I don't really see any change in terms of how we think about acquisitions or how much we're looking for acquisitions. We have a couple of -- we will have hopefully a couple of million more dollars in our bank that we'd be able to use. But in the scheme of things, it's really a relatively small amount when you think about our debt capacity and what we would have available for any future acquisitions that we think would work well for us.
Paul Varga: Judy, I'd add as well that Don cited some of the statistics, I think just to be real specific on what those improvements were, I'll just use the data that was reported through Nielsen, through February 5 is the data we have that's most recent in front of us. Where the 12-month volumetrics for distilled spirits were plus 2.9 and the dollars were 3.2 so you had a subtle, maybe 3/10 improvement associated with price or mix. And then when you get to the three months, however, it was 3.7 on volume so an improvement versus the 12-month and the dollars were 4.4, so a 7/10 improvement. So you're starting to see a little bit more price mix on top of slightly higher volumes in these last 90 days. So we expect those would point to I think improvement in the United States on both fronts.
Paul Varga: In terms of the full composition of the way you asked that, I think the answer is not quite yet. We definitely have been working on the innovation front. I think on the marketing communication side of it, we're continuing to try to find the right messaging at the right weight. So you'll go back to the, I think, some just basic messaging and also really continuing to re-evaluate the marketing mix. And as we're sitting here preparing for FY '12, you can imagine the kinds of conversations we're having about how to get Southern Comfort going. I will say there continues to be a lot of competition in this flavored brown spirits arena. And so I don't know how easy it will be but we clearly intend through innovation, investment and through alterations in our marketing communications to try to take another step forward on Southern Comfort. We're also being hampered a little bit by our performance of our popular priced whiskeys as well, the Canadian Mist early attempt. So when you look at it volumetrically, they can pull the portfolio down as well because they're not performing up to where we want them to be and they're fairly good-sized volumetric brands. So I think it's a combination of Southern Comfort and maybe examples like I’m giving in popular priced spirits that are holding us back relative to the overall spirits market. But I will say the one thing we saw in the quarter that was a real, I feel, boost for a company like Brown-Forman which is -- is whiskey skewed is the three-month dollar growth trend on bourbon was noticeably higher. So over the -- basically, the mirroring Brown-Forman's quarter, the November, December and January period, actually bourbon outgrew vodka, which is a rarity over these last many years. And so that's an impressive thing in terms of -- for a company such as us, so we just got to participate in that more fully is the way I would view that. But I think versus what we were seeing back last summer where the brown spirits were not growing near as much as vodka and some of the white spirits, that was maybe an improvement on that front over the holiday period.
Paul Varga: I don't know if it will be easy, but we certainly would observe the same thing that -- it sounds like you've been hearing or in some of the statistics you may been looking at which is that wine and spirits from a consumption standpoint have been leading the last couple of years the beverage alcohol business in the United States. I can't speak -- I haven't seen the global figures on that. But if you were using the U.S. as a surrogate, wine actually, from a consumer takeaway standpoint, is slightly ahead of spirits and both of them noticeably ahead of beer. Those were trends, of course, we saw from '97 through to about '07. There was a period where I think those leveled out but it looks like it's, for a variety of reasons, maybe continued back on that path where beer’s losing share beverage alcohol in the U.S.
Paul Varga: Ian, I might add on the local acquisition. I mean, oftentimes, when we go to consider those, it really will be a reflection on what our ambitions are for the particular country oftentimes and how critical is that country to Brown-Forman's future success. And in our recent past, we've actually seen when we've gone it would be, for example, the Herradura acquisition, it was of course an important acquisition for Brown-Forman to enter that category but it also helped us to develop a platform in Mexico and the Finlandia acquisition was similar for Eastern Europe, most notably for Poland before. So there are a lot of factors you'll consider when thinking about local acquisitions. In most cases, there was real attractiveness as well because the brands we were buying we thought had real potential outside those countries as well but there are some very attractive local businesses, particularly at that premium development around the world that I think a lot of people are starting to pay a lot more attention to.
Paul Varga: Sure. You're correct on both assumptions. I think in prior calls, we would have been highlighting and it would be evident in some of the exhibits in our release how well the other expressions are doing, notably the ready-to-drink brands that is offered in a variety of different ways around the world. But also, the super premium expressions, particularly Gentleman Jack over these last many years. So those are lifting the overall portfolio. And of course they convert nicely, particularly the super premium whiskeys convert very nicely as it relates to upgrading from a portfolio mix within the Jack Daniel's in terms of helping the sales rate. And then you're also correct that the international markets are significantly outpacing the U.S. growth rates in order to produce the kind of growth we're reporting year-to-date. It's been a really exciting and in some levels, even surprising year in terms of the volumetric growth that Jack Daniel's is seeing. We take note of the way that a lot of consumer products companies generally are talking about places like Europe, and we're very enthused by the response we're getting to Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey. It also happens to be markets in Europe and other places around the world where our RTDs are doing fairly well. So we think a portfolio approach to this is really important. We think it's critical, as well as been helpful to our particular efforts because of the efficiency that comes from having these branded ready-to-drinks in the marketplace. We consider that advertising as well as a contributor to sales growth rate.
Paul Varga: Well, I mean, Turkey has had its, for us, has had its fits and starts over the last many years. I mean, it is almost one of the classic emerging markets where you'll be way off one year and up another. But at the last 18 months or so, we've seen -- particularly, what we've seen in the local market in terms of brand building, a really super response to the Jack Daniel's effort. I mean, we think Jack Daniel's has, I mean, just wonderful potential in Turkey and it also carries over. I mean, the Middle East, North Africa comments, I mean, in the aggregate they start to add up to volume but they’re individual countries and we've been at that for a while. At the time we talked about this, I think, on prior calls. It's this whole region where up and down, Eastern Europe, we're starting to see the Middle East, North Africa, you go over to India and parts of Asia, there's just, Jack Daniel's has this appeal globally and it can be interrupted, of course, by global recession. But the breadth of growth that we've been experiencing is one of the main points we wanted to make. From quarter-to-quarter, you'll call out various countries because they'll have a particularly good quarter. But when you stretch this back over three to five years and look how broadly Jack Daniel's is accomplishing its growth, it really is sort of an impressive statistic. That's why we tend to want to call it out. And if we view market share data in a lot of these markets as well, we don't think we're even close to where we would declare that we've maxed out in some of these countries. I mean, we still think there's not only distribution upside but also in a lot of these places where the emerging middle classes are going to help consumption, we think Jack Daniel's will benefit quite a bit.
