Lawson Whiting: Thank you, Jane. As we all know, there is substantial amount of uncertainty in the world and in the days ahead, but we do have 150 years of experience of successfully navigating many challenges. These include world wars, a prior pandemic, prohibition, a depression and recessions. Although this global pandemic and economic challenge is certainly different, I do believe we’ll endure and will reemerge even stronger. I’m optimistic about our future and confidently the right strategy to guide us now and as we look ahead. We’re well-positioned in some of the best categories in the spirits industry and we remain focused on developing a premium portfolio that we can develop around the world. In this current environment, we know that consumers are looking for both, trusted brands and for an opportunity to indulge in everyday luxuries. I’m going to argue that Jack Daniel’s is actually the most trusted brand in the spirits industry. We continue to strive to deliver balanced geographic growth with competitive routes to consumer. Near-term, we will be reallocating more towards the developed markets, including United States where spirits consumption has been relatively stronger. We’ll also be allocating more resources towards channels like e-commerce to ensure we’re utilizing most competitive routes to consumer. A hallmark of Brown-Forman, we intend to maintain our historically disciplined approach to capital deployment, including our commitment to return cash to shareholders in a prudent, yet opportunistic manner. Additionally, we aspire to deliver top tier total shareholder returns over the long-term. And finally, we’ll continue to leverage our talented and the agile workforce. Over the last few months, I’ve seen truly exceptional examples of adaptability and resilience in our people. People will continue to be our most important assets. As discussed and shared with you on many occasions in the past, we think about our future in generations. This crisis provides us with the opportunity to reimagine the next generation of growth for our brands, our geographies, our people and our investments. At the end of the day, our goal is to ensure the long-term health of our iconic brands. And finally, we’ll continue to be guided by our values, while working to preserve the resources of our planet, educating consumers on responsible consumption of our brands and ensuring the communities in which we live and work will provide social equities for all. With that, Dorothy, you may open up the call for questions.
Lawson Whiting: Sure. Let me take a shot at it. I mean, one thing, the premiumization, as you know, over the last 12 months -- literally over the last decade has been one of the biggest macro factors in our industry. And even over the last 12 months, if you look at the difference between value and volume, you continue to see very strong premiumization trends in the industry. Now, if you look over what’s happened over the last couple of months, those trends have continued. You haven’t seen the trade down that honestly some of us were worried about, ultra-premium is still growing the fastest in super, and then work your way down the chain. So, even in this environment and this particular set of circumstances that we’re in, the premiumization trends continue. So, I think we feel good about that and our portfolio does skew to that. And we continue to -- we want to continue to make that happen. So, as far as looking out ahead, the next couple of years, I don’t see us changing our portfolio strategy other than the focus on more super premium and above brands. I mean that’s where not only where the growth has been, but I think it’s where our Company performs the best. It’s one of the reasons we created that emerging brands group for the U.S., it’s been two years now, has driven those very super premium brands that needed the focus. And they have had an outstanding run now for two years, last few months excepted. But, I really like that part of our portfolio, and I like that part of our strategy, and I think we’re going to continue forward with it.
Lawson Whiting: I mean, yes, I do think it will continue, unless that we’re really talking mostly about the U.S. But, we don’t know where the economy is going. And so, if you do see a pretty -- a dip in the fall and the winter, then that may change the equation a little bit. But for now, the U.S. consumer has been extremely resilient. And even though it’s moved from on to off, consumers are still loving their cocktails. So that part of the business, as you know, has really remained strong, I think, and I just don’t see that really changing.
Lawson Whiting: And let me add on a little bit too regarding the emerging markets, because that’s where we’ve seen the delta, the biggest delta within our portfolio. And that’s where I have the most concern about what the next year may look like. Our emerging markets, which, over the last few years has been a very dynamic sort of double digit growth area for many of the years was already slowing a bit this fiscal year -- was still growing, but it was slowing. A lot of that was led by Mexico, which is our largest emerging market. And Mexico has had its own economic problems going back over the last 12 to 18 months. And so, we saw some weakness there earlier on, and that was a big portion of the change in our sales. But, if you look out at the rest of the emerging markets world, I’m talking about South America, Africa, particularly South Africa, if you look across parts of Asia and India, a lot of those countries have gone into either a complete shutdown or something close to a complete shutdown. And those markets don’t have this social safety net that you’re seeing in the U.S. and most of Western Europe. And so, those markets, when they go into shutdown, people don’t have money for luxuries at all. And they’re really going to the base of goods and trying to being able to try to survive. And so, I do think you’re going to see a deeper problem in those markets, and it’s going to be tougher to come out of there. So, yes, I would argue that emerging markets are the place that we’re trying to figure out how that’s going to go, but it does have a fair amount of concern.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. No, that really is not a concern. I mean for Woodford in particular, we’ve been planning for these very-high growth rates now for as long as five or six years, so. And it continues to go forward. We did not see a substantial -- I mean, one month isn’t going to disrupt the long-term supply chain for it. So, the international opportunity is still very significant and is one that pre-pandemic conversations, it was one of the biggest things that we were talking about at the Company. And it’s something structurally I want to see some changes in some of the big markets in Europe, so that they can copy even if in a smaller way, some of the emerging brands, trends that we’ve learned and put together in the U.S. where we’re sort of taking that model and exporting it into a lot of those markets. And so, that’s still going to be a priority going forward. Jack Daniel’s also is -- I mean, it’s not really -- it’s not supply constrained to -- at least for now. It’s having a slowdown now. So, really it’s not a situation where we’re worried about supply.
Lawson Whiting: No, we didn’t -- I mean, related to the COVID crisis, we did have some issues at the cooperage very early on, but it was minor and we only closed for a couple of days. And as far as what’s going on over the last few weeks in Louisville, we did not have an impact on -- I mean, we’re closed but there hasn’t been any physical impact on our facility.
Lawson Whiting: I mean, one, we don’t know. But I think your approach is pretty reasonable. I do thing one of the things that’s happened over the last few months compared to what had been happening in the prior years before it is whatever trends were happening seem to be an exaggerated. So, if you look at the U.S., spirits has been very healthy in the U.S. for 10 years or more -- well, 20 years or more. The trend of spirits taking share from beer and wine has continued and has accelerated over the last few months. And so, per capita in the U.S. I would say, is probably picking up a little bit, but you go to Europe, and it’s a bit of the opposite. It’s not an extreme change, but beer has been healthier than spirits in Europe for the last few years. And even if you look at short term trends, now you’re seeing that same thing happen. So, maybe there’s a little bit of per capita going down. I don’t think it’s all that significant. And then, emerging markets is kind of a unique bucket. I’m not sure how to even think about per capita there, but certainly that -- as I mentioned a few minutes ago, those markets are struggling.
Lawson Whiting: The inventory piece that I found interesting is, is really U.S. thing is the consumer themselves and their pantries, where we all look at the March explosion and the Nielsen numbers and said, wow, there’s pantry-loading going on, are we going to see a fall off in the off-premise in the upcoming months because of that? And it didn’t happen.
Lawson Whiting: I mean, you’ve had accelerating Nielsen trends for some period of time. So, it was true pull-through where consumers were -- I mean, they were actually drinking it and then going back to the store. So, I mean, that was a piece of good news that I must admit, we were a little bit cautious about say a month and a half ago.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean, I do think it’s going to change over the next 12 months. And how -- beyond the next 12 months, I think it is a bit of a different answer. But, the on-premise is going to be down. And I mean, there is almost no question about that over the next 12 months. And that has been an important brand building channel throughout, literally throughout the decades I guess. So, what is the result of that? I do think it pushes towards the tried and true trusted brands that we talked about a little bit earlier. I mean, the bars themselves -- one, you’re not going to be running a lot of promotions in restaurants that are only a third full. I mean, it just doesn’t make a lot of sense. And so, we’re reallocating dollars away from that channel, away from events and stadiums and things like that and more into what we call broad-based media. So, that is a brand building change happening there. But, I also do think that it makes new brands -- it’s going to be more challenging for new tiny brands to dent into the big brands that are out there now. And that’s a bit of a different trends compared to what has been happening. Craft brands have not really made a meaningful impact on market share over the last few years. They sort of topped out around 3% or 4%. We’re still growing, but there’s nothing like beer. I think, those brands are going to have a hard time because restaurants are -- that are struggling that are only half full have to be careful with their inventories and have to rationalize the SKUs. And so, you’re going to see them gravitate towards brands that turn. And so, that’s a benefit for Jack Daniel’s. At the same time, it may make some of our other brands, take a Fords Gin as an example, which is much smaller, it makes it that much harder. And so, I also think there’s a dynamic where consumers are not -- you’re not able to go to a bar, look at 200 brands behind the bar and make a choice on a different something you want to try. You’re sitting at a table, you have to be able to order something that you know, and so experimentation goes down a little bit. And we’ll just have to see how that plays out over time. But I do think, there is -- there will be a bias in the on-premise world for the big tried and trusted brands, and we’ll just have to see how that plays out.
Lawson Whiting: All right. I’ll take the Apple one. I mean, in the U.S., it got to 250,000 cases in 8 months in the U.S. So, that’s a very solid intro and we’re happy.
Lawson Whiting: Okay, 210 in the U.S., which is essentially on plan, if you will. Now, the last couple of months, I’m actually not even sure what happened in the last couple of months of the year with Apple itself. But I mean, I think in general, the brand is on plan, it is being very well received, it has a great taste to it, and these flavors have done well in this COVID environment where consumers are staying home. The flavors are largely off-premise play anyway. And so, they’ve benefited from that. Now, the international expansion on Apple has been hindered by this. It did launch in the UK and in Germany and France and a few others, but we have sort of pulled back a little bit, particularly in markets that have a high on-premise percentage of business, so Italy and Spain and places like that. We just said, let’s not even launch right now; it just doesn’t make any sense in that environment. So, that has slowed the international rollout out. But that’s a matter of timing. I expect that we will begin to bring that into the new markets as conditions open up in some of those places that have really locked down.
Jane Morreau: Dara, just to build on what Lawson was saying. And when we look back in time over the periods where there have been recessions, we can go back to this financial crisis that happened in 2008-2009 and we did see trading down, we did see some slowdown in premiumization, but it still grew. And then, it lasted for say a 12 to 18-month period, and it came back with a vision. It grew double digits. And so, if the past is any indication of the future -- and nobody knows in this environment, this is totally different than anything before, but we have that optimism and those trends we’ve been looking at as well.
Jane Morreau: Sure. Again, there’s a lot of dynamics going on here. And as you said, you said it up perfectly. Countries are at different stages of the pandemic, countries are at different stages of coming out of the pandemic, different stages of opening, different states, different -- all kinds of different things that are affecting us. And so, the answer is not a simple answer, as you can imagine. What we felt some improvement on in the month of May, what we’re looking at current trends are places like the U.S. in certain channel or certain portfolio, I guess I should say. So, our Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey, our RTDs are doing quite well. Our global Travel Retail remains down still. So, what we saw in the month of March, April, which was down around 65%, that’s still holding the same. Some of our emerging markets have improved. So, China, we see that, early look, looks like it’s back to levels it was a year ago May. Other parts of Southeast Asia have rebounded. But then, you still have other parts of Latin America that are just -- other parts of emerging markets, such as Latin America that are just going into the pandemic. So, there’s not a one size fits all answer here, I hate to say. But, I would like to build on some of the things that we are seeing, if this might help you think about the on-premise and the business primarily in developed markets. So, if we think about Europe, it’s a bit further behind than the U.S. For instance, our second largest market is the UK. The loosening of the restrictions there for bars and restaurants is not going to be till July 4th. You probably know this. France just opened last week. Germany has been open since the middle of May. And we’ve seen nice trends in Germany since it’s reopened. In the U.S., the trends are further -- what we’ve been following, those trends for the early openings are those that opened prior to May 15th, where we saw the off-premise was down, say in the 90% range, by the end of May, they had improved to down 70%. So, we’re seeing nice improvement, but slow improvement. Of course, this is all going to be dependent upon the consumer, their feelings of safety and when they feel like they can come back. So, I wish there was an easier answer for you, but that’s why it’s so hard to also give any kind of forecast right now, because there’s so many scenarios of so many things at play that are impacting each and every market. One size does not fit all, and it’s hard to generalize anything in this environment.
Jane Morreau: And just as a reminder, the percentage of our business in emerging market is about 18% now. And some of the emerging markets are doing okay, like I said, the China is already recovering. Poland is doing very nicely, which goes into emerging markets too. So, just as a reminder of some of the nice markets that are in there, but as Lawson said that’s also one reason, and he mentioned in the script that we’re doing some reallocation of spending this year as well toward more the developed markets.
Jane Morreau: And just per slowdown that he’s referring to, actually, it’s kind of fascinating, I was studying the trends in the U.S. marketplace as it relates to all the syndicated data, and you really have to pull it apart to understand what it’s really telling you, I’m sure you know this. But the slowdown he’s referring to is really the on-premise business going way in Jack Daniel’s and Brown-Forman have a large percentage of our business that is premium. And so, when you have -- and think about TDS where it’s got value, got all kinds of things, a lot of the value brands are not in on-premise locations and probably aren’t -- down like -- are being pulled down because of that loss of business. So, it is something, as you get into the results, you start understanding that. And as it comes back -- I should have said this earlier, too. As it comes back and the states that we’ve seen that opened early in May, where we’ve seen the drop from the on-premise declines of 90% down to 70%, we’ve actually seen the trends hold up quite well in the off-premise over that period of time in the mid-single-digits. So, that’s -- excuse me, in the mid 30% growth range, which is still very encouraging.
Jane Morreau: And we do curbside pickup and delivery now but actually been keeping it closed, following along with the state and the Governor’s guidance and we will slowly open, as that comes about.
Jane Morreau: Yes. So, Kevin, I think you’re asking about the trends, the bourbon trends in the U.S. business. And I can look at NABCA data. And like I said to Vivien a few moments ago, really do have to start pulling it apart and understand what’s going on there. And the extra overall bourbon trends in the off-premise have remained very strong. They’re up about 36%. Now, what you got to do is you got to pull out Pennsylvania, which shut down and you got to pull out the on-premise business. Once you’ve done that, again, we showed growth of around 36%. Brown-Forman is growing faster than that. Our bourbon and Tennessee Whiskey are growing around 38%. This is for the most recent data through April. We did see a small I guess a slowdown if you will that you’re referring to in May, maybe from the Nielsens in the category, but still up very strong, still up in the 30 percentage range from an off-premise take away trend perspective. So, we feel good about that. What you saw though in those trends is an acceleration in a couple of categories, a few categories. It was cordials, liquors tequilas. And of course, our portfolio has some in it. We have wonderful tequilas. We have liquors, think of Honey and Fire and Apple, but that’s the extent of our portfolio in those categories. So, I feel optimistic, but still that we’re still seeing very strong trend from the syndicated data as it relates to bourbon and Tennessee Whiskey. And then, your question about, our bad debt, I thought it might be helpful just to talk about what we’ve done on that, just for a moment, and then I can get specifically to your question. Since this pandemic started, we’ve really been working actively with the customers around the globe and looking for ways to partner with them on credit issues in a really productive way. So, not surprisingly, in March and April, customers catering to the on-premise and Travel Retail channels requested additional credit due to the falloffs in their business and that’s not surprising. And those are -- those comments are more outside the U.S. I think you were referring to in the U.S. But, as we look at all these things, we went through each request on a case by case basis. And we did grant some additional credit where warranted. And the good news that we’ve seen already where we did do some of that, some of that relief that we provided in March, April, we’ve already started to see some collections on that. So, you’re not seeing any degradation in our credit picture, by the way, no change in our bad debt. So that’s outside the U.S. As it relates to anything going on in the U.S, we sell to our distributors and distributors sell on to the retailers. We have not had anybody, so that’s really their -- I guess their risk at that point in time. Of course, I think with the openings of the on-premise that’s starting to happen, hopefully some of those -- we’ll get moving there, but to your point, there may be some bad debt -- or excuse me, uncollectibility on their part that what they end up doing is probably just shifting it around and using other parts of their distributor houses. It could then affect of course our shipments in the short term, but not long term.
Jane Morreau: We did. If you saw on our financials, that’s the table at the end, we did have an imbalance in our shipments versus depletion. Our shipments were a little bit higher than our depletion. And I think that was largely in the U.S. I don’t see a big out of balance any place else around the world, but it will resolve some building of inventories within the U.S., just because of the complete uncertainty around logistics and warehouse closures and production and all that. So, what we have already seen in our May and I see in our June shipments is you can see that come from a shipment perspective coming back and balance. So, it wasn’t large and I don’t think that we were out of balance really in any place though. 
Jane Morreau: Yes, there definitely were some one-time donations, charitable contributions and so forth that will quote up into SG&A. And we did -- a couple of million bucks. And we did have some costs also flowing through our cost of goods for our early employees as it related to making them safe, whether it was acquiring supplies like PPE equipment and things like that, which would have been another million or so bucks. But, that’s about it, nothing huge and material.
Jane Morreau: Hi, Lauren. Just to build on what Lawson said. It’s really an excellent question. and as you can imagine, we don’t know how the future is going to look. And so, we are, here at Brown-Forman looking at what the future is going to look like and reimagine what it might be. It’s not so much about predicting exactly what’s going to happen, but might happen. And so, because this has been a large shock, if you will, so some things will continue, some won’t, perhaps leveraging technology to the digital, how you talk to consumers. So, things may become more important than we’ve done in the past. And so, I think even with our e-premise -- e-commerce and e-premise space, the contactless economy, but the digital everything is coming about. And so, that’s going to be areas that we look at too. We’re not sitting and saying, okay, we’re planning on it -- we do expect it to come back to what are those other ways that consumers have changed and will permanently change through this. So, just want you to know that we’re looking at -- reimagine and what things might be in the future.
Jane Morreau: Yes. And to answer, Chris, the question first as it relates to the UK. I mean, it definitely has been trying time. We did not project the COVID environment bringing on 100 new employees or so that we have there, so. But, I will say that it showed a lot of agility by a lot of people around the world, we’ve set up our systems and processes. We trained sales guys, all remotely during this time. And I’m proud of everything that has happened with that change, the transition is going very well. We got people in place. We’re able to ship or supply chain and logistics are running. We’ve met with the off-trade. Now, what’s different is the on-trade. As I said earlier, the on-trade is not projected to come back on until July 4th, with significant restrictions. So, that’s a big percentage of our customer base. But, in terms of the transition and shipping and selling and so forth with our off-premise trade, all is going well. And we’re having direct conversations with our key trade stakeholders and getting a better understanding that we didn’t have before when we didn’t have the full insights into what was going into marketplace. So, all is going well in that front.
