Jane Morreau: Yes, let me talk about this year. I think what you’re seeing in the back half of this year are a couple of things that’s happened. One, we’re stopping the (inaudible) the Fire launch in the United States. So that will happen. If you recall last year’s fourth quarter, we didn’t repeat that. With buying, it sold all the way through to the retailers last years’ fourth quarter, and so that’s one of the things that’s driving.  The second thing is we continue to have a decline in Finlandia. It’s a low priced brand so a little margin brand, so it really hit your topline not so much your bottom line. So it continues to be hurt in markets like Russia and the CIS. So some of the markets where the economic conditions just continue to be very, very poor. So we soften the acceleration in the back half of the year on that brand and then again the other piece being the absence of the launch in the US on this buyer.  So you did see a slow down because of those two factors, if you will. They netted against the gains that we had on the rest of the portfolio that continue to grow nicely. Our super premium bourbon brand continue to grow nicely, our tequilas been injecting those (inaudible) as well. In terms - as we look at the next year, we’re expecting really very little if any pricing just enough to select market. So it will be more mix, but what’s coming along next year as Paul alluded to just a little bit, we’ve been making investments for a number of years, last several years behind our production facilities the same capacity, so we can meet the demand that we think will be there and in the not so distant future. So we’re going to have a bit higher cost, then our price will come first so that higher costs offset the mixed benefit that we saw this year. So, most of it will be coming from volumes next year, most of our growth. 
Jane Morreau: There’s one other thing, I thought (inaudible), the table somewhat misleading in the volume, so I think this is where you’re looking as the table. We’ve got (inaudible) volume, so (inaudible) is in the table and we did not adjust for the two months of last year’s volume, we adjusted for the two months of the revenue but it’s not out there for the volume, that’s probably the biggest piece than buyer and then Finlandia. So we need to (inaudible).
Jane Morreau: So just building on what Paul said, so you’re asking about also asking that what we thought about in ‘17 as it relates to these. We really don’t expect much improvement in the short term, so we’re not expecting big bumps, big increases from the emerging markets. It’s still less possibly been the long term of these brands or these countries.  The one thing I would say just to add on to what Paul said, you’ve talked about the oil and all of these, but that had a big impact on currency and so we found that currency hit us in many different ways in emerging markets. So, whether it was that the consumer could - it’s the pricing, the valuation of the currency had gone down so much making our product so much higher. So maybe the purchasing power in this situation have (inaudible) that happen to some of our trade partners, margins were (inaudible). So it was pretty widespread and I would say a lot of the currencies does hit like starting last summer, when the big devaluation in the Brazil real and some of those desert currencies just kept going everywhere, and so I think it’s --.
Jane Morreau: And just to denote what Paul said and just to emphasize, that Woodford Reserve and Old Forester and our tequilas are doing very, very well and they continue to grow nicely and we expect them to continue to grow nicely next year. We’ve alluded to some of the double-digit growth on all those categories, so we [fully] rated an inflexion point and good consumer awareness it’s having and so we’re continuing to see a nice gain and nice contributions out of those. So those will continue is our expectations on the --.
Jane Morreau: Yeah, I’ll take the distributor inventory one specifically, and we’ve estimated somewhere around a nickel, not to be a drag on a reported top line growth. So that’s the answer to that. What I would say with the other pieces of the sales growth, I would focus on the things that were a drag this year. So it won’t be a drag the next year, for instance the Southern Comfort Tuaca drag on our topline which was about 0.5 global travel retail which we think [divorces] the hand that was about one point. So both of those things we don’t expect to repeat again, and so in terms of the barrel sales it’s not material to our top line sales number. 
Jane Morreau: Yes you did. That’s in 2018, so we’ll have some cost that we’ll start to incur in the latter part of next year, but the actual transition won’t happen until next summer.
Jane Morreau: No, it’s definitely not in ‘17 for sure and it’s the size of the market that’s not as largest, it’s brands are either so we don’t expect even when we do transition it will have that kind of magnitude. We will have a transition and we’ll have some small insights but not as significant as what we had in the France. 
Jane Morreau: Yes, we aren’t expecting our gross margin to be flat next year, and the reason why that is we’re not expecting much in the way of pricing and our costs are going to go up modestly there with an offset pricing - offset to mix. So we’re not expecting margin expansion. So some of our cost increases, I mentioned this earlier are starting to come through as we’ve made these investments behind our stepped up capital spending to expand our capacity.
Jane Morreau: So the largest component of it is FX related. So we had some terribly sizable [launch] this last year, that we had talked about throughout the year that wouldn’t repeat itself this year, coupled with as the year went on, particularly in the fourth quarter of this year. When we got to April we had a nice gain and these are on cash and other current asset and liabilities that aren’t denominated in US currencies. So that FX related is a big of that is probably about half of it due to that, well more than half of its’ actually due to that about two-third is due to that.  Then we also had an effort that we wrote them off last years’ fourth quarter that was the low value (inaudible) brand. So it was a write-off that we had in last year that didn’t repeat itself and that’s about the other piece of it. So those are the two pieces. 
Jane Morreau: What the market deals us? I mean we do hedging, but hedging is largely against another line item in our P&L more against ourselves. 
Jane Morreau: If you step back for a moment on the distributor inventory number, that’s our reported number not an underlying number. So that’s not going to affect the 7% to 9%. 
Jane Morreau: That’s probably your biggest piece. But let’s talk about SG&A as I alluded to. We had about a couple of percentage point increase in underlying SG&A this year. We expect about the same next year. So, if we’re going really leverage our prior investments that we’ve made to consumers, Paul alluded to this in his comments as well, the reallocation of resources is that, as I did to us from the folks that were spending the time on Southern Comfort and to walk that we’re reallocating the time and energy to some of the value - to new brands that we bought in to our portfolio as well as other opportunities for that value creation. So you get the leverage (inaudible).
Jane Morreau: The other income line, we don’t forecast the FX per say in that line till and so we won’t. Whatever was in there that related to FX this year won’t repeat itself, other than whatever happens at the stock right as you asked you said earlier we’re at the mercy and we are at the mercy of (inaudible) balance sheet. 
Jane Morreau: I don’t have a higher level discounting our promotional activity plan for next year or when they do it and how they do it. 
Paul Varga: And the benefit on mix, it would be evident in this past year’s results, but you would expect it to continually get more mixed benefit than pricing. If you just think about Jack Daniel’s and Woodford Reserve growing and brands like Finlandia and Canadian Mist and the absence of Southern Comfort declining, just the mix of profitability improves for Brown-Forman overall. 
Paul Varga: The two that we discussed in our results today, we continue to have very high hopes for it, and I think I’ve mentioned this a few times, we have no plans at this time particularly on the Jack Daniel’s brand to be bringing out any additional flavors and what we think is the best approach for our company is and we’ve been encouraged so far but what we’ve seen from the success of Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey globally, but also the early and limited tests we’ve done on Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire outside the United States that for us we think global expansion versus additional flavors is the more effective tool for us in expanding our flavored whisky business. So I think we can stick to that, and actually I think some of that is incorporated in this year’s plan for Jack Daniel’s, Tennessee Fire’s as it enters either more full distribution in the markets where it was tested or some additional countries as well.
Paul Varga: We’ll maybe hit on a couple of those. I think part of it was the early part of the slowdown; so much of it was associated for some of our competition in China, where just our presence is relative on a percentage basis smaller than many of our competitors. So maybe particularly the cognac players they were impacted by that going back a few years.  I think more recently for us, we’ve seen that in places there’s a lot of us have - Jack Daniel’s is so geographically diversified and spread and for many, many years it has been developing its business and for example in the emerging markets we never singularly focus on brick. We looked to all kinds of smaller markets that were also emerging and we just felt that those were more appropriate developmental efforts on behalf of the brand, even going back 10 years ago.  So like in Eastern Europe has slowed down in some markets, some of the smaller markets, particularly those related to oil. Just their economies and their currencies have been so difficult and so this round of emerging market difficulty because there’s always at least seems to me that there’s some markets going up and down and that’s why we like the geographic diversification we have this particular year with emphasis on Russia and then some of the smaller markets, other markets particularly tied to oil seem to hit us even more than they had in the past years.  It doesn’t really takeaway over a longer period of time our view point that these will be important markets for Brown-Forman. It’s just that you have to be patient while those economies wrestle with what’s happening locally. 
Paul Varga: Yeah, I think but then too if you’re looking for something that needs our company, because we play relative to our competition, are concentrated in terms of our sales and profitability at higher price points and impact like what we’re seeing in the emerging markets might hit us. For example, we don’t own a lot of local brands in these emerging markets. So they might have a hedge or something against these evaluation, the purchase power (inaudible). So that could be a point that helps to explain it as well.
Paul Varga: I’ll touch on it, just the second question you got there. I feel like what we’re planning for the US is sustainable, I really do. And I would segregate my answer to your question, some investments we’ll be making like for example this year in Woodford and Old Forester packaging for example which I think it benefits those brands. There’s usually some initial interest in it, but I think those things tend to benefit brands in the years ahead.  Clearly the most significant that will have a timely impact I think is probably the most significant thing we’re doing this year is the promotion and marketing and selling around the Jack Daniel’s 150th anniversary. So I think that is pointed to - a lot of it is already underway, but also we’ll have really here in the second half of the year we think a pretty significant consumer impact. So that is one of our bigger ideas for ways to sustain the growth both in the US and at Brown-Forman. 
Paul Varga: And one of the offset, just - repeat something I said a few minutes ago. One of the offsets to cycling the initial interest in trial on Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire in the United States is the fact that we’ll be introducing it to new countries, and so that is clearly a partial of that. And it’s not diminishing the fact that the US market for this category is really competitive and in this particular year, in year two of Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire reminds in some ways the prior years’ where there was such interest in the prior year on the launch of something where there were some pent up demand which I felt last year in the spring particularly after we’ve done that staged rollout.  And there was a huge surge in interest and trial associated with this product and as you can image, I just feel like just composition of the product it’s not going to be for every straight whiskey drinker because it’s in fact a flavored whiskey. And so I really do - it doesn’t surprise us that there are tough quarters following a launch like that in a particular country. But I do feel we have the benefit of expanding it geographically to partially offset that. 
Paul Varga: It’s a little more outside the United States, if it gives you any indication. And we’re in no hurry to go get as, I think Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey, it took us the better part of four years plus to get to where - I’m going rough this number, we’re something like in 80 countries where we’re doing most of the business for Tennessee Honey today, and I don’t anticipate us getting that fast this fiscal year even and the next two fiscal years on Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire. We’re fighting in a market at a time to see where there seems to be appeal.  As we go along, we know that the - one of the differences between Jack Daniel’s Honey and Fire are that the way those are used. And so going in to it we knew that Tennessee Fire would skew more towards shot or straight consumption whereas Honey while some of that is also used in mixed format equally. So I think we’re just going to learn as we go and try to promote those.  We’ve been encouraged, I’ll tell you from what we’ve seen not only in the United States, I just feel like we had a great first year there against a pretty tough competitive environment and what we’ve seen with the competition is not the same in these international market as it is in the United States that Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire is doing very well and sufficiently enough that we would either expand it within those countries or introduce it in to new countries. 
Paul Varga: You kind of answered your question. I agree with you, I think there are always strategic considerations. Look we don’t have the largest portfolio by any means, and so as a general bias we are brand builders versus brand sellers. And I really do feel like almost any brand in our portfolio we’re going decide to do the best job we can with it, and often times they do play strategic roles.  And Finlandia has been very important to particularly Jack Daniel’s development in Easter Europe over the last decade and Finlandia has been on its own merits a very successful brand in that part of the world. It’s just a very difficult time for the vodka segments in those Eastern European countries right now, and we’ve seen this before with categories where they go through some rough times. But it doesn’t mean we don’t put our best foot forward, and actually right now we continue to work Finlandia.  I don’t know whether it will hit this year, but it may be in to the next fiscal year because it takes a while to make these changes. But we’re sort of enthusiastic about some packaging changes there. And we have the latitude of being patient here, because it’s really in the grand scheme of things the brands you mentioned are not that significant a drag on Brown-Forman. I mean they are relatively small when you get down to the bottom line as it relates to the degree of their impact on our performance.  I mean yes they might pull a quarter or two on the sales line or even in the operating income line a little bit from time to time, but the story at our company because of the development that I mentioned over the last decade or more around Jack Daniel’s and our American whiskies is really where we are placing our emphasis today.  But having said that, it doesn’t mean we’re not going to develop brands in the tequila space, which we’re very excited about what’s been going on within the last 18 months or so, but also do the best job that we can to short up brands that are having difficult performances like Finlandia and Canadian Mist. 
Paul Varga: And we’ll make that more visible as we get closer to it. It’s intended to have similar long run and the impact as it relates to bringing focus to our priority brands in that market. It’s an excellent risky market; it seems from at least a few of our vantage point to be turning the corner as it relates to their economy and their exposable income relative to what they’ve been experiencing in the prior few years. So we think it could be well timed to go and make this move, which is familiar terrain for us. And in each instance they’ve been differently scaled, investments and operations, and as we get closer we’ll get the visibility to it. 
Paul Varga: I think there’s been such a dynamic category when you look at any short term period whether that’s a month or a quarter, there could be all kinds of explanations as for why they might be showing big gains or big losses. I think we have the number of entries that are going in there. I know as we sort of explain for our business, we’re currently on the Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire up against some significant introductory promotion and trial from last year. So for us that would be the case. I can’t speak to every single competitor, but I suspect that - remember this category is still relatively new, so there’s been a lot of new introductions just in the last two years.  I don’t remember thinking about it, I guess as we turned the calendar year this year, how much has it changed, just even since we began with the launch of Tennessee Honey and then how we had sort of methodically been testing Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire and how rapidly the category kind of changed just from the test market on Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire to the national launch.  So it’s the nature of these categories that rapidly develop. We think we are smart to be in it in a way that we’re in it. It’s been very nice business success for us to date, but also placed just as we were referencing on the roles brand can playing it for (inaudible) because it’s very strategic role in some ways defensively but also very offensively as it relates to giving people an opportunity to try whiskey in a way that they might not had before. A straight whiskey can be an acquired taste and we find that this category particularly for our brands has been bringing new consumers and it generates an interest in our other whiskies, the most notably Jack Daniel’s Black Label. So it can play a strategic role as well as being a bonafide business in its own right. 
Paul Varga: I think the category is continuing to grow. Just because there’s been - I mean it’s really concentrated right now around three predominant flavors, but I think the category will continue to grow, but within the category you’ll see trademarks and certain flavors, the more volatile than you would say a normal bourbon or gin or vodka category. But just because of the category is so dynamic right now.  As it relates to Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire, I think once we cycle through some of these comparisons, the impact won’t be as large. But I still expect, I really do feel like that first year with particularly the brand that’s participating in a category with the flavor of cinnamon. I really do expect that they are in the first sort of half of its national launch, there were absolutely - but just think of it this way, I know there were a bunch of Jack Daniel’s drinkers who were straight whiskey drinkers and were not participants per say in the cinnamon whiskey business who tried it, and just decided it wasn’t for them. Right, they prefer straight whiskey.  There were also a fair amount of Fire Ball which was obviously the large volume lower price brand that tried it and then maybe didn’t see fit that they could afford it on every single occasion when they were consuming cinnamon with flavored whiskey. So I think those things they end up being what I call trial influences in those early days of a brand existence in the market place that just don’t get repeated. So till you work through some of that and then also begin the marketing and selling process to introduce the brands to new consumers which the most encouraging thing we’re seeing in our numbers which don’t really get reported a lot in the syndicated data are the results of the on-premise, which kind of started okay I felt.  I thought it was going along pretty well, but with the expanded distribution and the momentum that sort of happened out in the market place, the Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire brand is doing very, very well right now in the on-premise which it might surprise you because the off-premise is not doing as well against that introductory launch. So in any event it’s the same, it gives us encouragement and tells us we can either continue to sell it and market it and promote it in a way that can make it the choice for more consumer occasions. I mean it just comes down to that, and in knowing it so well that it’s going to be a competitive environment in which you are attempting to do that. 
Paul Varga: We do think just based on where currency rates are today versus last year, we know that currency is net-net and our EPS forecast is a bit of a drag on the overall. So we do forecast that, but we sort of just do our plans at a consistent rate and we report to you while the years goes on and fluctuations occur. 
Paul Varga: I think it would be consistent from here. I actually think the thing that will drive more promotion this year that will assist and it might help you with your answer in is the Jack Daniel’s 150th Anniversary. It is significant news for our trade system and we just happened to have a very and we’re fortunate to have such a loyal and affiliated Jack Daniel’s consumer base around the world, and that we can already tell from their early reaction to some of the initial PR that they are very enthusiastic about the things we are planning and will be undertaking which includes new to the market place, special offering and packages in the latter half of the year to which from which we should benefit. But I also think you’ll just see more Jack Daniel’s Black Label on displays because of the event itself.  We sometimes call this a gift from the calendar that we’ve lasted this long, and we think that there’s just been an energy and emotion around that we had a bunch of the US distributors in here about three weeks ago and I can tell you their reaction to what’s forthcoming and the expectations that we’re placing on our US system. They didn’t [bark] at them at all. 
Paul Varga: No. Look our advertising and promotional budgets aren’t of the scale of some industries, but there will be quite a bit. It will be targeted through our social media means, so that the less you do the efficient, but there will also be mass media. The public relations piece of this which is more significant than in past years will also expose it to larger populations of people. \ The special packaging of course will be more devoted to the retail environment where that’s offered. But there’s a couple of offerings, there’s one that’s a little bit above the price of Jack Daniel’s Black Label on an everyday and then there’s one that’s truly more limited that’s $100 a bottle. So these are unusual events for us because you don’t come along on that much, and so when you treat them like a milestone, and I actually expect - when I sit and look at it, can you get another point of growth out of the Jack Daniel’s Black Label franchise over a year because of an event such as this, I sure think so and I’d like to hope so.  So we’ll keep you updated as we go, and some of it will become more visible as the marketing and selling makes its way out in to the environment. But we wouldn’t put forward a forecast that we didn’t have some level of confidence in and we will always do a range because we can’t predict what the world’s going to do out there.  But as I’ve said in my comments, I really do feel like what we’re considering, even though the puts and takes are a little bit different, what we are forecasting in our outlook is really a continuation of the good year we think we reported this morning. 
Paul Varga: Yeah, I’ll fix you that. I don’t even know if (inaudible) wants. The others will be much more limited as the market for them is, but nonetheless we think it’s something that honors the 150th anniversary this day. And I actually think, I’ll tell you it’s really important, it’s not only just an important thing for Brown-Forman earnings as we’re discussing here today, but it’s also really important as an opportunity for Jack Daniel’s against a competitive backdrop where there is everything from Craft whiskies and bourbons out there to some of these waves of and trends where big is bad and small is cool and all of that.  I just feel like this is a really important opportunity for Jack Daniel’s to tell its authentic story in really, really compelling ways which will go way beyond calendar year 2016. And I think that it is an inflexion point for the brand to remind everybody that it’s one of the most special brands of any kind in this industry and I think across a lot of categories of consumer good, and you all have observed across a lot of companies and a lot of categories. It’s hard out there right now for established brands and we’ve largely been continued to be successful against that backdrop, but this gives us a really unique opportunity to what I’d like to say, to tell our story.  And it’s a story that should fit beautifully with why people are choosing American whiskies today, and drinking whiskey generally. So it’s just a great opportunity for the press to get out and tell that. 
Judy Hong: Wanted to get a little bit more color on how you’re thinking about the US outlook for fiscal ‘17 in terms of the underlying sales growth. So, obviously you’re lapping Fire launch which will be pretty challenging. In certainly the first part of the year, I think you talked about some of the competitive dynamics in the market place. It sounds like you have a lot of the consumer campaigns planned for this year. So I’m just curious, as you think about what you did in terms of fiscal ‘16 to 6% underlying sales growth, how sustainable is that kind of growth lapping Fire and are all or a lot of these consumer campaigns that you have planned really aimed at driving growth more in the near term or more really built in the equity and the longer term and enduring growth on the Jack.
Judy Hong: And if I can just follow-up on that Paul, so when you compare the Honey geographic expansion to the Fire expansion, how should we think about the impact and maybe also you can just remind us how big Honey is in some of the markets that Fire is getting launched this year in the UK, the France.
Judy Hong: My last question is, obviously you’ve made significant changes in terms of the portfolio over the last few years. If I looked at your planned performance certainly Finlandia and Canadian Mist sort of screen is continuing to be a drag in terms of your growth. So not asking what you’re intention is with these brands or but - are you investing behind these brands at this point? Is it just more of a macro dynamics that’s sort of are pressuring these brands and are there other strategic considerations as you think about brand like Finlandia where given its size in the Russia market that you kind of need a sizeable brand like this if you’re going to be in that market. 
