Paul Varga: Thanks, Jane and good morning to everyone. I am just going to add a couple of supplementary comments to Jane and I will be rather brief given that we are only 90 days into the fiscal year and we actually did a pretty thorough presentation on the company here a few weeks back at our recent shareholders meeting.  So all in all the quarter was pretty much in line with what we had anticipated and in many ways it was similar in my view to what I recall from the first quarter last year when inventory changes and buying patterns distorted the short term results somewhat. And of course the changes that Jane emphasized in her part are of course accentuated by the reality that of course we are just talking about a very short period of time here in three months. I thought most important were Jane’s examples comparing the recent growth rates and consumer takeaway versus depletions for Jack Daniel's. It’s three of our key countries, the U.S. UK and Germany particularly. And really a lesser extent of this inventory point that she was making. So it also important for understanding the results but it’s a source of reassurance to me that results should improve over the balance of the year as inventories come back in the line and takeaway actually drives the business versus the inventory shift.  So all in all the expectation of improving underlying growth rates and both sales and gross profit coupled with the continuing expectations as we had at the beginning of the year and had last year of decent spending leverage, gives us the comfort to reaffirm at this stage the full year earnings forecast that we provided just 12 weeks or so ago.  So that’s sort of is a nice summary that I feel of what the quarter said to me. A couple of other things looking ahead, Jane touched on Russia it is a bit more of a risk today for us than it was when we did our full year plan. And while no doubt an important market particularly to the -- it’s a very long term for Brown-Forman. We do take some comfort from the fact that our emerging market business today is quite well diversified and as we reported this morning, those markets collectively continue to perform very well with underlying sales in the quarter up 15%.  And finally I just want to add a point or two here on Jane’s comments about the flavored whiskey opportunity. As she said, Jack Daniel's, Tennessee Honey is off to another great start globally and we continue to have high hopes for it. Less visible to everyone has been the fact that a long sided we’ve been assessing the potential for this possible entry into the marketplace which Jack Daniel's Tennessee fire and so far I am very encouraged by what I have seen in the three state U.S. test. As expected this happens with almost with any Jack Daniel's that gets tested and introduced. There has been hatred and consumer curiosity and then therefore early demand for the product correlates well with that. So it is quite high. And as I said, we get this almost with anything we take into the marketplace with Jack Daniel's.  But beyond this, we try to read the test results and what we are seeing is they are indicating a very strong acceptance of the product itself which is always really important when we go out and introduce the product either on a large scale or into tests or even if it’s in stimulated test before an entry. So the product performance in the marketplace itself we consider it very important and that seems to be very well accepted in these test markets. As well on appreciation by many, for Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire being in more premium, authentic and masculine alternative in this space.  So not surprisingly the Jack Daniel's would bring that kind of relevant imagery to the category. So we will be expanding to a few more states here in October and in the mean time we will lead the original three states for a couple of months more while we assess the timing and manner in which we will more substantively expand it geographically. It’s just an exciting opportunity for our U.S. business and we know there will be interest beyond the U.S. as well which of course we'll also be evaluating. So we’ll keep you apprised in the weeks and months to come on our plans more specifically for Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire. So that’s all for our prepared remarks and we’re now happy to take any of your questions.
Paul Varga: We have a fewer syndicated resources that cover the broad distribution and particularly Jack Daniel’s in those markets. But you’re always building a little bit of inventory because we’re still at early stages of development there. But I think we’ve been in many of those markets now long enough that the double digit growth rates we’re seeing I feel are reflective of consumer takeaway versus inventory build. And they’re not all these markets will be very different market by market. But you tend not to see some of the buying patterns that you will see with these major customers that you have in the developed markets that have the ability to inventory and build four, six to eight months versus inventory. So I think -- my feel is that just because of the consistency with which the results has been coming forward over the last many years that it’s indicative of consumer takeaway in those markets more so than any kind of inventory build.
Paul Varga: The only thing we just said was if you missed it was that we’re going to go in October to five more states in the United States and between now and then we’ll be assessing the plans for doing something more substantively in terms of a broader geographic expansion and we’ll keep you posted on it. But we’ve got some work still to do in observing a little bit of the performance in those original three states and we want to keep looking at how best to sell and market the brand that when we go to a broader geographic platform but all the signs are really encouraging that we’re going to be well accepted with it. It is just getting our ducks in the row.
Paul Varga: I thought Jane’s examples on particularly the Europe I don’t think any of us would have anticipated you sided a 20 point difference between the depletion trends and the consumer takeaway trends in Germany in the UK we would have anticipated some of that, not to that size and so hope that will correct here in the assuming months as you start to have trading patterns that mask the consumer takeaway. So that would have been a bigger than we would have thought. I think the U.S. when we largely [in line] with.
Paul Varga: Not at all. I think -- I mean some of it as we got more aggressive for two fiscal years we had some of the same thing with the building of inventories in the first quarter back when we did it. Now you’re coming back off of it a little bit in terms of the size of it so it’s accordingly appropriate adjustment and it hits the quarter.
Paul Varga: It does, but the one thing you are always monitoring and it’s the reason we’re doing a little less pricing this year than we did in the prior two fiscal years is to just want to make sure the cumulative impact of the pricing isn’t too much particularly on a franchise like Jack Daniel’s where you have both ultra-premium or super premium pricing paired with very large volumes. And so that balancing act we’re always doing. But I think that’s the more important thing than -- and we always try to give you transparency to what’s happening as it relates to the shift in the inventories but in any event I think the more important thing is have the consumer and in some parts of the trade too or reacting to your pricing plans.
Paul Varga: Yes, we would anticipate the early rates like I said, were so encouraging because it is very limited in terms of what we’re seeing in terms of cannibalization so far relative to both Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey Black Label and to Tennessee Honey, if anything its providing nice halo and some of its to be expected. The flavor profile that we’re testing of this Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire is a real different taste than either Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey or Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey Black Label. So some of it by design I think, you would expect to be for different occasions or for different consumer palates and that in fact is playing out in this test so that’s encouraging. I think it’s more us wanting -- we’re also very much -- we’re trying to do a lot of things at Brown-Forman but also within the Jack Daniel’s trademark making sure that in the U.S. market and other markets that we’re appropriately focused on building Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey and Black Label, we continue to be really enthused about the potential for Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey. And so part of it’s to make sure that we don’t get distracted by the enthusiasm that’s out there, we manage it well. And we can portfolio sell well and that we’re in tuned with any potentials that might exist for any cannibalization even though it's been minimalized so far. So I think -- and the other thing is just making sure we know how to market and sell and message these products to ensure the best collective success for the Company and the trademark and that is always a trial and error process, making sure you get that messaging right, the ways of spending investment between channels. And so part of it is I think the necessary exercise of using the test in fact as a test ground to see what might bring the best results for us.
Paul Varga: I think its a little combination of both. I think within the quarter, there may be easier comps down there versus what we had a year ago. But I know that the team there is a little more it’s a very competitive market, I'll say that as it relates to what’s happening at the trade level. And so of course innovation remains really important down there particularly as it relates to the RTD business. And that team is, I think in a better position today as they think about the market place, but I will say that the one thing about that market place mid to long term is the pressure from those excise taxes that have hit all distilled spirits, in my view, have been significant and disproportionate to spirits and have been one of the influencing condition to slow the lackluster growth in the market place. And I actually think getting some relief on that through government lobbing et cetera is a really important thing in the industry, if it intends to have any kind of consumption growth down that market.
Paul Varga: Yes, it’s a long slog as you know. I mean you’re going to hear I mean you would have heard it for a number of the competitive companies in this industry in Poland and Jane highlighted here. I mean it is -- as we look around -- you think about the topical issues, you don’t want these excise taxes to become so rhythmic in the way that they have from year-to-year particularly within country. And you occasionally have things like U.S. consideration of legalization of marijuana becomes a big threat. You try to assess and look at and think about long-term. These excise taxes though particularly with governmental departments needing the revenue and us perceived as an easy target. As regressive as sometimes these taxes are, have really, I think, been more present in our business over the last five years than any of us would have anticipated. And you just look to Poland right now, they do have an impact on the affordability and so it requires both lobbing and it requires innovation for the suppliers and owners to go and innovate around it so that they can bring products to market that maybe not be as high a proof is the other way to do it because a lot of this is based on proof.
Paul Varga: I think the other thing I'd add that just helps particularly when you are discussing it during Q1 is that as tough as our expected comps within the fiscal year we are going to be forcing Q1. We would anticipate at least based on history and barring any new news that our Q4 comps would have been on the easier side relative to what we had sort of facing this in Q1. So there is a counter balancing thing but nonetheless as we go along in order to accomplish these -- the forceouts as you indicate, things do have to accelerate, we expect some of it to come back through inventory of course but we also feel like you do need an acceleration as you go through the year.  And there are just other -- remember some of the buy-ins there will be particular periods and particular countries we will up against other buy-ins. The Polish tax increase is one such example later in the year but we'll try to keep you all current on where those inventory shifts are occurring and when they are not and how Brown-Forman is either benefitting or being hurt by them. And but nonetheless I mean part of it is we really only do have 90 days, we think we have a decent feel for the inventory impact on us. And we feel comfortable affirming the guidance today based on what we know.
Paul Varga: And for us, within it, I think how I -- one little difference that we might observe and Jane has touched on it within the quarter, is because is now you are focused here only on the United States is that and this is a continuation of last year’s results where Woodford Reserves within our portfolio continues to really do well and performing very much above the performance of North America whiskey generally one of the brands, one of our oldest brands, our oldest brand Old Forester has been accelerating and its performance over the last 18 months to 2 years, but those would be real highlights of course Tennessee Honey as a flavored expression has done very, very well but those rates as Jane mentioned have been coming down some of the higher basis. 
Paul Varga: Well, I mean I think certainly for the brown spirits it’s -- I mean if people shift out of white goods and go directly to net-net that’s great for Brown-Forman, particularly its American business.
Paul Varga: Yes, I mean actually I think promotional activity picking up and I would say not just these -- and I’d say that’s a globally and I wouldn’t confine it just to vodka either. I just think when you have softness in emerging markets when -- for some of our competitors, when you have some of the corporate growth rates that we observe with some of our competition, particularly the underlying sales growth rate you anticipate that they will fight and compete for that sales dollar more aggressively. And that goes across categories in my view and it can be observed on strong trademarks that might exist and everything from rum to gin to Cognac, to vodka, so we anticipate and it varies market by market, the people are will continue to be competitive and that sometimes will take the form of promotional pricing. I wouldn’t say that it’s at a level that I would find out of control or something that I would raise it’s any different than what I might have observed three or six months ago. I think the other thing that we continue to watch out for are what the new innovations the competition are bringing because at new forms of competitive activity in the marketplace and so it’s a reminder to corporations like Brown-Forman are doing well that they too need to be innovating and continuing to bring products to the market that can meet the needs of the consumer in the trade. So, the two things we’ll keep a close eye on are what level of promotional pricing are out there and the level of competitive introductions in new products.
Paul Varga: Yes and we were as fine-tuned in terms of our own even just as we don’t go and provide quarterly guidance on our earnings I mean I think it was a simultaneous qualitative and quantitative exercise that informed our expectations and so we just weren’t that obsessed with trying to forecast it in advance how much of the inventory might impact the overall bottom line earnings. We’ve tried to give ourselves some sense of how it might hit the top line, but nonetheless I think your point is relevant it did, it did of course have an impact on the underlying operating income growth rate.
Paul Varga: I mean nothing that we would guide on. I think an expectation of improvement the only other thing that we know that it’s a different from prior year that we anticipate being a help the marketplace particularly competitively during important seasons as we anticipate there being more gift in value added cycles in at a greater level. Some of that I guess could hit, Jane Q2 just some of the shipments and Q3. So it might be split between Q2 and Q3. But otherwise I mean it’s the classic culprits of inventory shift, FX, I mean the things you’re trying to read in order to get down to a really good underlying number.
Paul Varga: And nothing on anything from Tennessee Fire as Jane mentioned in Q2. I mean, if anything had an impact in the second half at the earliest, I think as it relates to significant impact and of course we’ll just keep you post on that as we have plans that we are ready to talk about.
Paul Varga: I don’t know that we’ve got that level where we feel like it has to jump up considerably certainly versus Q1 reported results. But at the consumer takeaway level, I mean, I think if there is one thing that could have an impact there is certain market by market examples we could give of this, but the one thing that you would anticipate having a positive impact is less pressure in the marketplace on consumer prices because of an important fact not getting as much benefit from taking price increases.  So I think that as with the passage of each month and as the prices establish themselves and you’re always thinking about that from a competitive reference point, so it will depend a bit on what our competition is doing as well. But I think versus the prior years if anything that would be a potential contributor to acceleration versus deceleration the fact that we’re taking less price.
Paul Varga: We’re obviously working more right now to, frankly in some way to understand it a chance to mitigate and communicate. And is direct ways as we can corporate with what we can considered to be the authorities in a very limited way from what we understand thus far with reflecting one region and with three stores just literally open up those lines of communication to try to administratively cooperate with them. And that’s sort of where we’re I think and really just premature to go and start doing any significant risk assessment at this stage. I think we want to get more information before we even undertake that exercise.
Paul Varga: Great so far. When last in the beginning of the calendar year and so you have a normal sort of transition issues in both the marketplace and the people themselves encounter being a new company but it was very well planned and I think we put investment in upfront so that it could launch in the way that it is effectively done and I would say that just more qualitatively the vibe that you pick up is when being around the people who are undertaking the Brown-Forman France today is really encouraging.  And of course Jack Daniel's has been a very leading performer in that marketplace now for some time. And actually we continue to have very high hopes for it. So for this year, you will probably hear more about the margin as it makes its way in as well as some of the cost but the margin impact is significant for us this year as it makes its way into its first full year.  And then from there on going out I mean really it becomes about implementing in the marketplace innovating doing the right Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey entering that market which I think is very -- it’s off to a great start. And so all of that becomes the important exercise and we'll keep you posted, I know there is a lot of interest on what might happen in France and Europe more broadly. But as a counter to the sort of these trading patterns that we talked about in the UK and Germany I am glad you brought it up because France continues to do very well for Brown-Forman. 
Paul Varga: Actually it wasn’t planned I think as some massive acceleration to help either pay for it or to recoup it, it was really more probably more capturing the margin than it is in any volume acceleration. And I know one of the things that group is doing out they’ve got their own company is looking to what possibilities might exist for some forms of acceleration or innovation in that marketplace now that we have more direct influence over the marketplace. And so those tend to come in the forms of three and five year plans. 
Paul Varga: As expressed to give you an example of a flavor being kind of the Tennessee Honey or Tennessee Fire.
Paul Varga: I don’t see it. I mean it’s hard to crystal ball, it’s really difficult. I mean at this point I would find it hard to think a number that you’re just using a number like 10. At least from my limited visibility looking into the future, something about that that makes me feel real good that the two and I would say which is one with still studying and looking at the second one at a preliminary stage feels about right for us right now.  I think what you want to do though is for Jack Daniel's and there have been times where Jack Daniel's may lead the consumer marketplace. It’s harder for the trademark like this, you want to be innovative and all that but we also are simultaneously quite protective. And so if the consumer marketplace evolves to the point where actually to be competitive it required the trademark to do more than couple, that would create a different opportunity than I would say exist today. I mean we’ve seen right now in terms of flavor it’s really been in any kind of scale really just two flavors for whiskey I mean it doesn’t mean there won’t be broad acceptance of other forms because there is no way six or seven years ago I would have been forecasting two pretty significant very scaled volume metric markets associated with honey-flavored whiskey and cinnamon-flavored whiskey. We wouldn’t have been able to anticipate it. But some of you will have to see where the consumer market place evolves to but our current plans would forecast a rapid expansion of flavors. I will give you another example Jane referenced of a different type of flavor that we might forecast is we’ve been slowly releasing this into very limited distribution in United States for last couple of years, has been the possibilities of going into rye whiskey which has been a very hot category in the United States off late and we’ve been making rye whiskey and then releasing limited amounts of it, it is various stages of aging to whet the appetite of the market place. So that’s a different flavored whiskey if not necessarily I would call the liqueur type of flavored whiskey that you are referring to. So I think that kind of innovation could be important as well.  And in the other extremely attractive potentially area of innovation around the Jack Daniel's trademark beyond flavors and RTGs is really the higher run of the ultra-premium ladder which the Jack Daniel’s Gold No. 27 and Jack Daniel’s Sinatra would represent the latest very limited distribution and very limited offerings associated with those.  But really important not only the marketing but if in fact we get those two any sort of size they could become important to particular markets or to because they’re very efficient in their production and profit.  So the ultra-premium and alongside the flavored end and I had continued to think that at least to-date has been a unique opportunity for trademarks like Jack Daniel’s that exist in American whiskey, we haven’t seen that potential to go both upward on the pricing ladder and across on flavor and in many other categories.
Paul Varga: There is not any big -- I know there is a couple of expressions in maple in the market and they’ve kind of gone up and down a little bit so has nothing has really been developed there. Of course that is a very natural flavor in a lot of whiskies anyway so I don’t know how different as a taste that is for attracting new consumers. And one of the test we consider when we look at these is does it bring new people who otherwise appreciate either maybe let’s say appreciate the trademark but don’t like all the offerings provided by the trademarks that might enjoy it in a different format. So the ability of it to bring in new consumers, it has been my very distant observation that particularly with the example of maple that there were high levels of cannibalization in some instances that was at least anecdotally or qualitatively what I was observing I can’t put any facts behind that but it would make sense because it’s a much more slight variation on the whiskies and something more with the flavor itself is quite different as it is with the honey and the cinnamon.
Jane Morreau: I think the only difference from my perspective for us not understand the impact of some of the pricing decisions that we’re making in the developed international markets now we understand them. But I think that was the main one we were still somewhat uncertain as it related to our brand Finlandia and what that was going to be what the price increases two price increases last fiscal year was going to have on the brand itself in Poland and still are evaluating that. But I think that those were the main two things. The brand part of the largest thing that happened was that affected our quarter was the U.S. and we anticipated it…
Jane Morreau: Yes, those taxes as you know for us I think we have the highest tax rate of all of our competitors than something that we’ve been very-very focused on and looking for smart ways to reduce our tax rate. And of course one of the biggest ways is to continue to grow your business outside the U.S. like we have been. We’ve been growing at a fast clip outside the U.S. so that definitely has provided a reduction on our tax rate and it’s continued to do so. So if you look over the -- I guess the next several years at period time, I think that you could expect our tax rate to be somewhere around in the 30% range.
Jane Morreau: I think that’s a great question and something that we’ve been studying as you can imagine. So as we look at I think the main driver of it will be the United States is where we are looking for the big growth to come from, it’s not Tennessee Fire, Tennessee fire is all we have in the numbers, we do not have a national rollout in the numbers so. So it is the U.S. and as you recall the discussions that we had in June in terms of our rebalancing of pricing and volume if you will this acceleration after the first quarter even though I have made this adjustment we are still expecting improving trends which we have seen and I alluded to that to in my comments in terms of the takeaway tends for Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey brand itself. So it’s the U.S. largely is one of them, we’ve got to see some continued growth improvement though in the Western Europe markets that I discussed and we have reasons to believe that will happen based upon some of the plans they have in place. 
Jane Morreau: I don't know if you get Nielsen data, I can read you some numbers just to give you a feel for North American whiskey and their trends both on the three month basis as well as the 12 month basis. So the trends have accelerated, they are improving still on volume basis or value basis and let’s look at volume basis, it’s nearly 8% on a three month basis and it’s about the same as it was a year ago. So I guess on [indiscernible] but it’s still much stronger than the TDS category which has I guess slowed slightly in the three months period I think some of that is due to the vodka category if I look at the vodka trends which continue to slowdown. 
Jane Morreau: I don’t want to over exaggerate I think we anticipated to US as we anticipated some in Europe but it’s just not quite as extreme so I wouldn’t take that whole amount if you will but in theory it was a little bit.
Jane Morreau: I mean I would just take off where Paul left off. I would think about, I think Q2 and Q3 will probably be more normal. I think Q4 will be a bit easier and I think component pieces of the P&L, I talked about SG&A a little bit, it will continue to be high definitely for the second quarter and start to come down somewhat in the third quarter, but really comedown in the fourth quarter. You will see spend more normalized. A&P spend, which was abnormal obviously for the quarter here timing related only, but I think that’s --
