Paul Varga: Okay, well, I think, let me answer the latter question first. I think the one-time impact, I mean, there's always from sort of week-to-week and month-to-month transitions you make with transitioning from old package to new package, but we don't anticipate there being anything more dramatic than any other normal packaging change we make. You've got to remember, we do this, it's globally SKU by SKU, and it gets phased in over, to be honest, several months. So I wouldn't anticipate anything there. And I think that package changes, as we do with all of our portfolio, we're just trying to keep them as current and appropriate for the marketplace as the times demand. And of course, with Jack Daniel's, we look at that much more closely than we would other brands, because of the power of its primary presentation, its packaging, but there's no actually -- a few things in the press about it we found actually interesting and, in some ways, helpful, too. We consider what we've done with the Jack Daniel's package to be similar to prior packaging evolutions, very evolutionary in nature, honoring a lot of the old-time look and feel of the brand. But also just making sure it's working really, really well in the marketplace. And a couple of the aspects of it that I personally like is I think it has helped the brand present itself in countries around the world as a more global package. A lot of the early work on Jack Daniel's of course was designed for its home market, to the U.S. And so as we've gone around and made changes over the last 10, 15, 20 years, we've made some changes to it that have made it either appealing or just a little bit more relevant in some of the international markets. So again, that's an evolutionary story. I actually think it's important, too, for us to continue to look at all aspects of the Jack Daniel's packaging, because it gets copied so much. I mean, it's just such a powerful package and shape and presentation, and a lot of whiskey brands look to Jack Daniel's particularly to follow it. And so my personal view is we're going to regularly sort of make sure Jack Daniel's is looking as unique and different and as contemporary as it needs to be while, of course, honoring all of the old-time and iconic look and feel of it.
Paul Varga: Vivien, one way to maybe think about as we sit here today, a year ago when we would've been going out with our F '11 plan, I think we were, from an operating investment level, looking at something like a low-single-digit, maybe a 2%, budget back a year ago, and we ended up, I think, our operating investment for the year came in around more mid-single-digit when you look between A&P and SG&A. So I think that would provide evidence that as we go along, we're going to fine-tune based on what we see as opportunities out there. Our operating investments, I think you would expect I did that 3-year review. I mean, I definitely think versus 3 years ago, with all the uncertainty was that we feel more confident about our ability to put resources out in the marketplace today than we did 2 or 3 years ago.
Paul Varga: Judy, I'll tackle the latter question there. I think, I mean, it's always a delicate balancing act. I mean, I would refer to the choice of just taking pricing up but at the expense of consumption. We just concluded -- we look at this, of course, market by market, but if given the choice today of just almost routinely taking prices up without consideration for what the consumption impact is, particularly if you can't -- if you're not growing those volumes, I mean, I would reference you -- some of the recent statistics, I mean, I don't study it that closely, but I would observe that the Beer segment in the United States has been more aggressive, and price is really is coming, I think, at the expense of some of the -- losing some of their occasions. And if I look at the overall growth in the United States market, for example, in terms of spirits relative to Beer, the Spirits categories already enjoy, I think, a premium position relative to many of the Beer segments. And when I think about some of this being different between on-premise and off-premise, just taking the prices up at levels like you might have seen in '05, '06, '07, I just don't know that it'd be realistic to expect that we can get that today or that it's a good choice for many of our brands. In some instances, we have been taking prices up more aggressively because there may be repositioning, we've been taking some prices on some brands down because of repositioning. But those are different circumstances versus sort of the routine pricing that you might have experienced on a Jack Daniel's or Southern Comfort in the mid-2000.
Paul Varga: Yes, but there is, I think, there are few areas, particularly in SG&A this year, where relative to prior year, we don't have the repeat of some of these upfront investments for route-to-market changes that we had, which is a help as you go down the P&L. We had during FY '11 actually some, quite a bit of incremental pension expense. There's a few things in there that enable us, I think, or help us to, as you move from sales down to, particularly gross profit down through the operating income that give us a little bit of help.
Paul Varga: Yes, I think -- oftentimes when we refer to it, we are hoping to be able to grow market share in United States. We have been losing it in recent periods, losing market share, and so we expect improved performance there. And when thinking about the fourth quarter, I would encourage you to really look more at second half, first half, when we look at some of the metrics and not over-read, I think we always have this from quarter-to-quarter where you might have some inventory shifts, which I explain them to you so that they're helpful to you. But one thing that was clear for our company was an acceleration of the second half versus the first half in underlying sales growth. And we can't -- it's hard for us at this stage to declare whether that yielded a gain in global market share. We just won't have the denominator for that for a while. But when we've looked at historical references, for, say, Jack Daniel's particularly, against global whiskey, looking backwards, it's been our consistent history to grow share, even if in the United States more recently the Distilled Spirits segment and some of the categories have been growing faster than our brand.
Paul Varga: But, Tim, I'd tell you the one thing, I think it would be a really a bad decision for Brown-Forman to go try to get in cost savings out of the U.S. market right now with all the ambitions and goals and new activity coming, to try to go replace that with a major reorganization or restructuring, I think it would actually hurt Brown-Forman's business. You'd start to see an impact on brands beyond the Hopland base. You start to see it hit, I think, the Jack Daniel's and Southern Comfort, and it would also hinder our ability to introduce a lot of this new stuff. So I think these are tougher judgment calls, but it's one I think we're comfortable with.
Paul Varga: And Ian, I guess, regarding your second one, I think the headline answer to it is, is that I think we would start to see improved rates of pricing growth as we deem the consumer's willing and responsive to it. I mean, I think that's the big thing. One thing I always look to is the health of the on-premise environment globally as one of the indicators of the ability to do that. And we continue to see a sort of see a mixed bag on that around the world. I say maybe a little bit better than -- certainly better than 2 years ago, maybe a little bit better than one year ago, so that gives us some hope. You're always, of course, looking to see what else is happening with your competition out there. And for a variety of different reasons, many of the brands that are direct competitors to some of our key brands and different competitors, actually, in different years, have put pressure on prices downward. And so that makes it, in some cases, more difficult to take the price up. But in any event, we try to stay in tune with that, and we'll keep watching it closely and as conditions warrant, we'll, hopefully, be able to realize some of those price increases.
Paul Varga: I mean, we'll see. I think, this is my personal view of it, is it will be highly dependent on how the consumer reacts to fuel prices. I think while commodity costs are an important input to this, of course, too, our history tells us that fuel prices hit the consumer in different ways, particularly the American consumer. And so we'll be watching that closely. Because I think that actually, as I look back at Brown-Forman's history, the '07 period, prior to that 2008 time period that everybody remembers, the higher fuel prices, actually, we started to see some of that creeping in to hesitancy by the consumer. And so we just try to keep an eye on that one closely. And of course, they've popped up here in the first half of this calendar year.
Paul Varga: We're not going to sit and disclose our specific plans on it, Kevin. But I do think -- but just a couple of different ways we'll look at it. We'll look at it as an individual expression in the market against the backdrop of this growing flavored brown spirits. And I would expect a brand like Jack Daniel's entering that segment to be a leader. I mean, we -- one of the problems we've got with Southern Comfort's performance, actually, I think, is a lot of these new entrants have created a competitive challenge to Southern Comfort, which has been, for a very long time, what I considered to be one of if not the leader in this Flavored Brown Spirits segment. We'll look at it not only from a Tennessee Honey perspective, we will also look at it from a Jack Daniel's Family of Brands, so how it might impact the overall growth of the Jack Daniel's trademark. And I think, increasingly, we'll look at it across a corporate portfolio that packages Tennessee Honey alongside Southern Comfort and any other things that Brown-Forman brings into that segment. But it's actually, even though we've had some competitive challenges post that, I think it's an exciting new arena for growth in the U.S. segment, and we expect to be a major part of it.
Paul Varga: Well, actually, there's 2 parts of that. To the extent that we've observed any behavioral changes, I mean, I think we've always considered Fortune to be a really viable competitor of Brown-Forman's around the world, and so we're used to that. It's not like it's new that we weren't really competing with their other divisions and didn't really pay much attention to them. So the only thing I would've observed over the last 12 months, really, is Fortune's probably putting as much as any competitor on downward pricing pressure in the United States, and you can see it in their price mix pretty strongly. Actually, I think it's pretty good that our brands, particularly Jack Daniel's, continues to hold up pretty well despite that. In other areas where we have direct competition with them, it has been more impactful, maybe, like, say, in the Canadian business. But thinking about them as a competitor worldwide post any type of restructuring for them, I mean, like I said, we consider them to be one of many competitors we've got very directly around the world. We're used to competing with them. I mean, the way I would think about it is we've -- when I study the performance of, say, the example of Jack Daniel's relative to Jim Beam in terms of overall performance over the last, say, 10 or 15 years, the ultimate results, I think, speak for themselves. And so we've got a lot of work to do to make sure that we continue that. But in any event, I think we'll just wait and monitor, like a lot of folks in the world are, as to what their changing status might be.
Donald Berg: Vivien, it's Don. We don't have a target. I mean, we basically take a look at where we see the opportunities. We do this every year as part of our budget process. And we try to invest appropriately behind the opportunities that we see, based on what's happening in the marketplace, where, how consumers are responding and then also looking at the level of new product introductions or new line-extension introductions that we might have and what type of launch support is appropriate for the individual products and what we're trying to accomplish in individual markets with those products.
Donald Berg: Let me talk a little bit first on the pricing and then go to costs. I think you actually described the pricing pretty well in terms of how we're thinking about it. I mean, we do see gradual improvements as we sit here today, and that's pretty much what we've built into our thinking for next year. There is out there some concern on the horizon about potential inflation and whether or not that might bring opportunities for additional price increases, and it's something that we're going to continue to stay alert to. But at this juncture, we pretty much built into our thinking very much similar to what we've seen more recently, which is just a very, very, gradual improvement from a pricing standpoint. On the cost side, we were fairly well protected in fiscal 2011 with the hedging that we had. We continue to have hedging on the commodity part of the cost component. We continue to be hedged around 55%, 57% on our commodities. But we won't be as protected next year as what we were this last year. And so that's where we're seeing or expecting to see the largest part of our cost increases. It's not huge, but we won't be able to, in terms of thinking about costs growth in line with net sales growth, we don't think our gross profit growth next year will be as good as our sales growth. But we're just talking about a couple of points here.
Donald Berg: Ian, I'll take the first one. When we did the wine sale, and I think we communicated this at the time, as part of the transition, we are going to continue to represent those brands for a relatively short period of time going into fiscal 2012. So there was never an expectation that we would keep them over a long-term basis, and a lot of that is to get the benefit of the focus that Paul was talking about earlier. There is some flexibility in here as to how long we might have them. But at some point in time, during the course of fiscal 2012, the transition will be complete, and Concha y Toro will turn over the distribution of those brands.
Donald Berg: Yes, we have an assumption in there today for the income that would come to us as a part of the transition agreement. It's just a couple of pennies.
Donald Berg: Yes, the way I think about that, I wouldn't think about it as we think about doing acquisitions based upon our net cash position, just because our net debt historically has always been such that there's been plenty of firepower available to us for anything that we might be interested in going and acquiring. And so in terms of the way that we look at acquisitions, they really haven't changed that much. I mean, we're looking for those kinds of brands that we can create shareholder value with that would do well in our hands. We tend to look at things that are more premium, that are growing, that has a potential to grow faster than the overall company's growth rates, and we're continuing to look for opportunities that might help us with the rest of our portfolio outside the United States.
