Leanne Cunningham: Good morning. Good afternoon, Nadine. I’ll start and then Lawson can follow on with – starting with our gross margin. For F’2023, we had talked about, and we’ve been working on our stronger price positioning. We expect that to benefit us in F’2023 as well as innovation that’s going to be led by our U.S. national launches of Jack Daniel’s bonded and Triple Match, which are helping us accelerate the premiumization of the Jack Daniel’s family of brands that’s going to be launching in the U.S. in May, and the international launch will follow later in the fiscal year. We’re going to expand the U.S. launch of our Jack Daniel’s spirit-based RTD, which has been incredibly well received by the consumer for flavor and convenience trends that we’re seeing here as well as Herradura Legend, which demand for tequila is high, and this will be placed in the plus $100 price point. We do – we’ve said it in our prepared remarks, the removal of the EU and UK tariffs will be a headwind, and we will see less impact from supply chain disruption. So in all our price mix and the removal of the EU tariffs are planned to more than offset the cost, and we can go into costs later, if you like. But specifically to your tequila and agave pricing question, as we have discussed over the last few quarters, our agave prices are below their peak and they’ve stabilized around the MXN 27 to MXN 29 per kilo. And we have that kind of stabilized price through the full fiscal 2023. And it’s about the greater demand for the entire category. And for us, it will be a little bit of a tailwind because with that strong demand, that will mean we will source more on the spot market versus the percentage that we have of our internally grown agave. So we have that all included in our F’2023 plan.
Leanne Cunningham: And then to inflation, I would just say that we have a portfolio of premium and super premium brands that’s well positioned and to stand the impact of inflation. In any kind of typical year, we have generalized inflation over a period of time of around 3%. As we look to F’2023 and the inflation impact there, it’s a bit higher than that. That’s mostly driven by our glass, which is being impacted by high energy costs. Aluminum freight, as Lawson mentioned, is due to high fuel costs and then green, but for us, that’s more of a higher cost due to the global demand of core. I’ve already mentioned agave. So – and also to strong consumer demand, I think if we take a longer-term perspective, it kind of goes to our capital expenditures that we have planned because with over 85% of our strip net sales coming from aged product, we see strong consumer demand well into the future. And I know we’ve been focused on expanding our capacities in – for our American whiskeys over this past decade, most recently with the Kentucky distilleries. We also have recently said last year, we are expanding our single malt scotch distillery. And we will be beginning to expand our tequila distilleries because of the strong long-term demand we see well out into the future and then, of course, the associated warehouses with those. So again to Lawson’s point, we don’t see any. We are closely monitoring the impact of inflation and energy prices on our consumers. And that we’re also watching the macroeconomics and the geopolitical uncertainties that are out there, which for us one of the things that impacted us. It just since the last quarter was the suspension of our operations in Russia. And as that relates to our F2023 outlook that was 2 points – approximately 2 points of top line growth that we would have planned, had we not suspended that business.
Leanne Cunningham: Hi Lauren, this is Leanne. I’ll start with as a supply chain disruption. Again like we talked about last quarter, it took us several quarters and moving into this, it’ll take us several quarters moving out of it. What we can say is, our glass supply has continued to stabilize with our current supplier. We have increased capacity improved yields and they are prioritizing our needs. And as well as we continue to broaden our supplier base across our key brands and sizes. So we’re making strides in getting the glass supply back to the level of which we need. Our Jack Daniel’s facility has been bottling at record paces. So now we kind of begin to move more towards facing the global logistics challenges that many other CPG companies have been facing for a while, specifically shipping container availability, and then in the U.S. still workforce challenges as it relates to transportation. And we expect that these will be continued to be stressed through fiscal 2023. And of course, the higher cost associated with that. We continue to have our cross-functional team in place working to optimize where we can to meet the strong consumer demand. And what we are seeing right now is an increasing level of consumer demand. So as we continue to get the glass that we need, the needs keep increasing. To your point, we do continue to believe that even with the progress that we made in F2022, that our distributor and retailer inventories remain below pre-COVID levels. And so we’ll be working throughout all of 2023 rebuilding those distributor and retailer inventories, but then when you look at the year-over-year impact and like we talked about in our prepared remarks, in the first half, we’ll be going against abnormally low levels of shipments. And then in the second half, we’ll be comping the abnormally high level of shipments, but on a year over impact, year-over-year, we don’t expect that 4 points of benefit to repeat.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes. Right. And this is where we – I go back to the year-over-year having to comp the 4 points of benefit that we got in F2022, along with the suspension of our business in Russia, which again like I said, we had planned that to be a 2 points of top line growth in 2023. But we’ve suspended that business. And this is where in our international markets, we believe that with the double-digit declines of F2021 and some of our international markets to the double-digit gains that we saw this year, it’s the – business is beginning to normalize. And for us, we’ve been through the volatility of tariffs, the volatility of the pandemic. And then so we believe we – for a lot of our international markets, we’re beginning now to see more normalized growth levels, taking all these other things into effect with this again strong pricing and innovation, but we’ve got Russia and some supply chain disruptions and normalization, and this – it’s all kind of coming back to near our long-term growth algorithm of the that mid-single digit top line growth.
Leanne Cunningham: Well, I think it’s more of us of thinking about what are all the uncertainties and volatilities that are out there any further impacts from a geopolitical standpoint, again, I’ve mentioned it already a couple of times here, but the impacts of the Russia invasion on Ukraine to our business. And then what does it look like with the impact to consumer spending, even though we know that we provide our consumers with an affordable everyday luxury with our premium and super premium portfolios. There’s just – I think it’s more of – I just go back to the conversation we just had – there’s a lot of – there’s really good positives. There’s a couple negatives with supply chain disruption in Russia. And then I think it just always out to the extent that we can see right now of a normalization in that space, now we want – again, we want to be optimistic and think that our business will perform at a higher level, but we’ll just have to continue this story on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Leanne Cunningham: And again, we still see opportunity as the on-premise in Europe has continual reopening to do in F2023. And again, to build on what Lawson said, in marketing markets like Germany and the UK, we are seeing volume growth from a lot of our brands, as well as in Spain. So we are seeing positive results coming out of our developed international markets. And again we have that planned into the next fiscal year as well.
Leanne Cunningham: Let’s see. Hold, let’s try to get to that. Sue Perram Vivien, that might be one that I’ll follow up with you on.
Leanne Cunningham: Okay. As it relates to EPS, we haven’t provided guidance for that, as it relates to FX. We also don’t forecast that. That’s why we provide an organic outlook. Now, if we were to take the rates where they are today against the dollar, it would be a headwind for us in F2023 on a reported basis. But again, with all the volatility uncertainty, the 12 months ahead of us we haven’t forecasted FX and its impact on us so we’ve provided everything on an organic basis. To your point on reinvesting, we continue from our operating expense perspective that brand spend will be in line with top line growth. And we’ve talked about the reinvestment of some of the tariff savings back into our business. We’ve been talking about that for three years. What we’re going to do is we’re going to remain agile and disciplined with our discretionary spending as we go through F2023. And then as we talked about our prepared remarks the new ways of working, that we have learned during the pandemic, and we believe that it will – all of this will deliver mid-single digit bottom line growth.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean – Nadine, let me talk a little bit more about the pricing side of things. I know you’ve written quite a bit about that about Brown-Forman and our place in that. I think it’s worth actually spending a few minutes on this to back up even thinking about the last five or 10 years, where pricing in the spirits business was relatively weak, volume growth was relatively strong, particularly compared to beer where volumes were pretty weak and they were very aggressive on pricing. And so fast forward to – or really over the last year, we began this internally really a push for better pricing about a year ago, which, thankfully, as Leanne said, was enough to offset our cost this year. So I think that will be something that sticks out in terms of our ability to drive pricing enough to offset our cost. Challenges is certainly a positive point to the past fiscal year. But we have been successful in driving pricing through and really on a – pretty much on a global basis, we have taken price increases on almost the entire portfolio. So that has been something new and different and certainly badly needed as inflation really has spiked up over the last few months. But I just think it’s worth pointing out that our pricing changes have been going on for a year, not just in reaction to what has happened really over the last, I guess, three months. So – but yes, so I’m feeling pretty good about our positioning right now and where it’s – what we can deliver even to the next fiscal year.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean it’s – look, in my opinion and what we are pushing the organization to do, it’s about low single-digit pricing, but doing it on a consistent basis year-over-year-over-year. And so we want to get back into a more balanced volume pricing situation. And so I would say it is kind of similar to what we were able to deliver over the past year.
Lawson Whiting: Well, I mean, a couple of pieces to that. I mean it’s interesting. We are not seeing yet, at least, pressure on the consumer in terms of spending on spirits. I mean it – we obviously had a very strong fourth quarter. Some of that is refilling inventories around the world, but we’re not seeing a degradation. And from the consumer yet, we’re not seeing the trade down. Now I’m not saying that may not happen if gas prices stay elevated like they are right now, and that continues for the rest of the year. But so far, so good. This business still is in pretty good state. And I think that’s true both for the U.S. for our developed international and our emerging markets. Business is pretty good across all three. And if you step back also, I think it’s worth saying, if we – we step back and look through sort of fiscal 2019 to 2022, when you compare those three big geographic clusters, they’ve all had pretty similar results, and pretty strong throughout what has been a very volatile and crazy few years.
Lawson Whiting: I think on the cost side, just I’ll add another point onto that. It’s a something to differentiate. I think Brown-Forman from the rest of beverage alcohol and for that matter CBG in general. We – as you all know, we have really suffered from input cost inflation over the last four or five years. That is predominantly from two things, which we’ve talked about many times, wood and agave, and that’s kind of unique. I mean we are a whiskey and tequila company for the most part, so it is different than the rest of the spirits world, but those are cost very specific to our industry, certainly not across CPG. So our problems have been around for four or five years, and that’s what has hurt our gross margin over that time period I mean, I don’t know if I hesitate to use the words it’s in our rear view mirror, but it largely is and where you’re seeing much of the cost inflation these days in fuel, in real estate, for that matter in a lot of commodities, those are not particularly heavy input costs for us. And so we were able to deliver a small improvement in our gross margin and hope we can continue that because we’re just simply not seeing the input inflation to the extent that many others are.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean I think a little more on the glass story, the – as I won’t go through the whole thing, but I – because we’ve done this on previous calls, but last summer, when we decided to reallocate the finite amount of glass that we had really to focus on Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey, so core Black Label, that was largely because we saw the on-premise opening around the world and we certainly didn’t want to miss that. And Jack Daniel’s by our own estimates is either the largest or certainly one of the largest on-premise brands in the world. So that worked and you obviously see the numbers that Jack Daniel’s was able to deliver this year. It was a spectacular year for Black Label. But it came at the cost for pretty much every other brand in the portfolio. And so we’ve been trying to refill that all year, but it did take several number of points away. If you look at gentlemen, Jack and Single Barrel, I know we’ve run through some of these, but certainly Woodford lost probably 10 points of growth in Nielsen. I think if not more of, to what we would’ve expected Old Forester and Herradura, all lost a fair amount of growth. That was disappointing. And so the question is what happens now? Well, the Q4 we add – we – the glass supply began to improve some of or a lot of that is because we are now sourcing from a number of different suppliers where we were really locked in with one before. And so that is now coming. And then I think that it has been shipped and sitting at the distributor, it hasn’t really made its way to the retail shelf yet. It’s certainly not showing in the Nielsen yet, but we expect that will start to flow through in upcoming months or at least upcoming quarters. I think we have said we expect glass to still be somewhat of an inhibitor to growth. We won’t have everything we want till probably the second half of next year, but it is the situation is certainly getting better.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean it’s to be quoted, to say return to normal, I mean I’ve said return to normal several times in the last couple years and have been very wrong. And I’ve taken back my words, the – but it does feel like it now we are finally, I mean, there’s been so much volatility in reported results and any kind of takeaway results in the U.S. everything, it feels like things are starting to normalize and you should see – I think results that are sort of on par or maybe, hopefully, a little bit better over what we do and what we’ve done over the last say 10 years.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean, that’s the trade down or trade up scenario. Look, we certainly have benefited over the last few years to the trade up and the premiumization. But I think – I mean, that’s one of those trends that started before the pandemic only accelerated into the pandemic. I find it hard for consumers, particularly our consumers, and we have a very premium portfolio. I don’t see fans of Woodford Reserve as an example, backing down into less expensive bourbons. I just don’t believe that we haven’t seen it. It’s muddy, because the retailers, the targets and Walmarts of the world get instant daily information. We don’t really have that. So we haven’t – but we just – we haven’t seen it to this point. We will see how the year plays out, I mean, I think it’ll be one of the big – it’s one of the big uncertainties, but I feel pretty good. It’ll be in the spirits business these days in the super premium spirits these days relative to lots of others.
Lawson Whiting: Not yet. Not yet. And I hope that it doesn’t happen. I think the bigger macro ones, things like consumers trading out of beer into spirits, just as an example. A lot of that has happened and that’s another one of those pre-pandemic, it was happening in accelerated in its environment. We will see how that plays out, but I think that’s a bigger factor. The other one, I think that is interesting these days, as I was staring at some of the Nielsen data, boy you want to be in the American whiskey and tequila categories. I mean, they are by far and away, the strongest and so many of the white spirits are pretty weak. So I think the company Brown-Forman in general is well positioned, not only where we are, but in the right categories at the right time. And I also think it’s interesting that American whiskey, one of the reasons why I think both of those categories are doing so well relative to others, innovation plays a big part of that. And as Leanne said, 85% of our products are aged. Well, if it’s a barrel aged product boy, that suits – that plays really well in the innovation world. And that’s why I think America whiskey has sort of led all categories in terms of innovation. Tequila is not barrel aged, but it’s certainly aged in the field for six, seven, eight years. And there’s lots of things you can do with barrel finishing on tequila too that really, I think makes innovation better. And I just think it’s one of the reasons both categories are flourishing right now.
Lawson Whiting: Okay. I mean, look, I think Europe – Europe, I mean – first of all, Europe has remained extremely resilient and strong for us over the last few years. It’s been – some of our best markets and I look through Germany in particular the United Kingdom really big markets in Europe are very, very strong. And so feeling pretty good about that. Now the on-premise has been a little bit more challenged in Europe than it has been in the United States. Bars and restaurants really took longer to reopen. And so it’s just been a little bit slower. So off-premise in Europe, I’m trying to look through some of the data that we have here. I mean, it doesn’t look as good as the U.S. business looks, but for – I don’t want to say what for reason, but for many, many years Brown-Forman’s European business, we have outperformed the competition in Europe more so than any other place in the world. And that’s true for like the last 10 years. And so Jack Daniels just is really well positioned over there and cranking along. And I think we’ve put these emerging brands groups together in really just started over the last year in Europe. And we’re putting them into the major markets over there, really trying to develop higher end brands that just haven’t gotten the attention in the last 10 or 20 years from us. So Woodford and our scotches and tequila brands, I mean, a lot of the very high super premium, multi-premium brands are getting focus now that they didn’t previously have. And so hopefully, that is a sort of a nice growth driver over the next few years.
Lawson Whiting: Yeah, I mean, I think it is interesting that the, as I said earlier on the call that the spirits business didn’t take a lot of pricing over the last 10 years, and now everybody seems to be doing it at the same time. But there has been more inflation or pricing inflation across the industry. It’s one of the reasons why I think – I mean, we’ve – it’s not massive rates of price increases, but they’re low single digit and they’re steady. And most of our competitive set has done the same thing where you’re starting to see a little bit of pricing across the industry. And obviously elasticities are better when the competitive set is also taking price at the same time. So yeah, so it’s from our perspective, a healthier environment.
Lawson Whiting: Yeah. I mean, I’m not sure how to answer your question because we truly have not seen that yet, but there’s a lot of noise in our world because of the glass supply and the replenishing of inventories and not only replenishing of distributor inventories, but getting into the retail stores and actually replenishing the consumer shelf. So I can’t add much more onto that. We are certainly not planning at incremental promotions in terms or some kind of reversal in our pricing position that I would be very resistant for that given we’ve worked so hard to get the pricing to where it is. So I guess we’re going to have to see how it plays out throughout the year. I mean, we’re not going to be naive about it. But our intention is to hold onto the price increases we’ve already made. And as I said earlier, to continue with that low and steady rate of increase throughout the fiscal year.
Lawson Whiting: I mean, as for brands and allocation of investment, I mean, a couple of the ones that you may not be thinking about, I guess so much one is Herradura in the U.S. I mean, the tequila category is obviously flying and we really need to work on building awareness and distribution for Herradura. So that is going to be a big effort over the next year. The establishment of these emerging brands teams, I talked about that earlier, so I won’t repeat all that, but that will take up incremental resources, both people and brand building investments. And then it’s back to broad reach media on Jack Daniels. We continue to – we have already significantly increase that in the past couple of years and we’ll continue to do that. So those would probably be the big three, I think, in terms of incremental investment for next year.
