Jane Morreau: That’s a great question. We actually had this conversation yesterday as it related to our inventory levels in the emerging markets and we do still like and we alluded this that foreign exchange has definitely impacted our trade partners’ buying patterns. And likewise, probably has reduced some of their inventory levels. In that part of the world, we don’t have a lot of visibility into the trade environment. We do believe that it’s one of the drivers of the slowdown that you saw, at least felt in the emerging markets. Obviously, it’s been driven though by the economic malaise that’s going on there in the foreign exchange devaluation. So we expect more to come. I don’t know that I can predict that right now, either. I think there are some markets that have held pretty well for us: Brazil, Turkey, places like that are continuing to do very well, Mexico. And we quoted some take-away numbers in Poland and Mexico on Jack, and they are very strong at this point.
Jane Morreau: We’ve actually taken pricing in Russia ourselves quite a bit. And so we’re looking at each market in the emerging markets on a case by case basis in terms of how we – whether we should take pricing or not and we have taken it not just in Russia, couple of other markets, we’ve taken it in Brazil, some other places as well. So again, our product Jack Daniels was already pretty highly priced for the consumer down there to start off with. And so with the devaluations of these currencies significantly, of course, it makes – as we were talking about in the earlier question, the affordability of our products a little bit out of – less so than there has been. But as we look forward, again, we’ll continue to look at these countries on a market by market basis. We’ll figure out what’s best, really market by market is what we’ve been doing.
Jane Morreau: On the global travel retail channel, I’ll start on that one first. I think we did allude to we had insights into what our November results were looking like and it was a very good November for global travel retail and for the company at large. What we found though was the results did continue to soften in that channel over the remaining two months of the quarter. Again, they are not disconnected to the emerging market economies, there’s some interplay going on there too. We know that global travel retail travelers, if you will, come from [indiscernible] come from Russia. We know what’s going on in Europe overall and so that definitely continued. Paul alluded to in his talks the terrorist attacks, so all that activity going on, the confidence going down, I think it just continued to hit the global travel retail business. And our overall results for the quarter, again, we still think they were very solid against the backdrop of what’s going on in the world. And results in December and January were off a bit, again due to the emerging markets and the global travel retail that we’ve been referring to throughout.
Jane Morreau: So included in our full year outlook is what we’re expecting for the – it’s embedded in our outlook for the rest of the year. So we’re expecting 5% top line net sales growth. That is what we worked.
Jane Morreau: It doesn’t build it on with offsets just so to have some thoughts as you go forward. We did talk about the SoCo and Tuaca sales and the impact it had on us in the quarter. We said our results would have been – our year-to-date results would have gone up almost to 6%, so 0.5 point or better. So not having that drag on our top line going forward. What will happen in global travel retail in the emerging markets, we’ve pointed out a point-and-a-half drag on our results. Hopefully, those start to stabilize and then you won’t continue to have that as we go forward. And then we did build, therefore get a benefit from the JD Fire of about a little bit over a point. So just some things to think about in this process and we’ll be giving you guidance out for FY 2017, we’re in the midst of our planning process now and we’ll talk to you in June.
Jane Morreau: I think what you’re asking about a little bit more, let me – is that you were talking about the fourth quarter only. So, our outlook does reflect the challenging comparison to last year’s fourth quarter. So in other words, the absence of the national launch of Fire. We did note, though, that we are expanding in a couple of markets overseas where we’ve been testing the brand. So, in the UK market and in...
Jane Morreau: Australia. We also, as Paul just talked about and I talked about in my notes too, that the drag on our top line, one of the drags in our top line in the third quarter was Germany related and we expect those trends to reverse themselves in the fourth quarter. So there was a timing trade pattern buying pattern. So we expect that to come back. And then we have a lot of puts and takes up and down throughout the rest of the P& L. We expect costs to be more favorable, as they’ve started to become, in the third quarter, as we’ve lapped the wood costs that were so high last year. They are still high, but we don’t have the increasing height of growth.
Jane Morreau: Fewer operating expenses, and then of course the tax rate is expected to be lower. So all those things combined give us confidence in our underlying operating income forecast and our EPS forecast for the year that we know today.
Jane Morreau: So, Judy, just – both questions, I’ll do the SoCo, first of all. The impact on this year, we noted in our earnings release this morning, you’re right. Through January, the results were $0.17. We will obviously have the month of February still to be added in there. So that’s why we gave you the 2015 full-year impact, which was $0.24, so that you would have two benchmarks, if you will, to understand the absence of the SoCo and Tuaca numbers. So that’s – just to get that clarity out, first and foremost. The second thing you were asking about was our share repurchase that we announced the $1 billion – new $1 billion one as of January. I just want to take a moment and step back and talk about how we think about share repurchases in the first place. We consider these really opportunistic investments. If you look over the past history, sometimes we announce these things; we don’t always complete them, so we remain flexible with these. We generally do them through open market purchases that allows us the flexibility to start and stop different things. And the reason why I’m explaining that to you is because if other things come up, of course investment heavily behind our organic growth of our business today, via distillery expansion, homeplace investments, as we talked about, and, of course, our dividends have been increasing for a number of 70 – for 32 years, and we’ve given them for 70 years. So we’ve done all that side, but we also then want to make sure if there’s acquisitions that come about that meet our strategic criteria. We have that flexibility to start and stop things as we go. And then, of course, if we decide to do returning cash to shareholders, we can do that too. So we’ve got that out there. Just wanted you to know we aren’t forecasting – it will not – if you do a calculation, even if we were to complete it all, it does not offset the dilution from Southern Comfort.
Jane Morreau: The biggest one was the pound. You’ve seen the dramatic change in the pound over the last month. We are using the spot rates as of last Friday. So that’s the biggest.
Paul Varga: The only point I’d add, it’s just so hard for us to get a single metric that can help us first of all and then help you all understand what might be underlying the results. We do think it’s a blend of both consumer and trade impact, particularly on the short-term and the reason it’s important, of course, is the trade impact can be one-time and can rebuild depending upon what the circumstances are in those countries. I do think I’m always reminded of the impact that’s unique to either our industry, but in this case our company where you have single point production, because it’s the inventory adjustments that occur happen over a little bit longer period of time, because you have time on the water, you have time going from – because we don’t sell as our company in a lot of these countries direct to retail, you go to importers who go to agents who sometimes go to sub-wholesalers and so the trail of inventory can be longer for a single point producer who has a multiple-tier distribution system. And so that complicates it even more. I suspect some of this, if I think about weakening emerging market economies, I mean, on some level, if you look at the real GDP growth going back, they were growing at more like 8% go back four or five years ago and now down to 4%. So I suspect some of it has been making its way into our results overtime. And then when you have these devaluations of the currency that really impacted, you see it a little bit more dramatically. So those are qualitative comments to a quantitative question, I know you asked, sorry, but we don’t have great visibility into it.
Paul Varga: I don’t think it does. I mean, I think it would reflect – it would be maybe a continuation of the trends and to the extent that they had some destocking in some consumer, it might be in the same proportion maybe is a way to think about it.
Paul Varga: Just for historical reference, the one thing that would influence our posture about some of these emerging markets, of course, the affordability factor when you have the difficulties they have. But I’m influenced a bit on my posture toward it based on – and it’d be hard for everybody to remember this, but back in the FY 2012, 2013 and even a little bit into 2014, in a lot of these emerging markets, we took pretty significant price increases, mostly for price positioning and premiumization where there’s not as many big global brands in a lot of these countries, like Africa, even in a country like Mexico, we felt at that time there was an opportunity to go up. But we found that it was better for us to do that with large increases versus a bunch of small ones at that time. So in some of these places, we went up 10% or 12%. And so – and those will soften your volumes a little bit, they will have that impact. But in any event, in those cases, we’ve been a little more cautious about raising prices today, particularly given the environment we’re in.
Paul Varga: I think the other thing that I’d add is one of our top countries and Jane referenced it in her opening comments, Germany, just had a really rough Q3 that we think is seasonal, I mean, in terms of the trading patterns and they will come back in Q4. And I do think, look, when we were commenting all we had at that point were early indications for November. I’ll remind everybody that November, December, January period for us is a big one because it includes all our holiday and the gifting which is seasonally disproportionate for our industry. So I think more than anything it was the headlines we provided you that this large group of emerging markets for the quarter saw more of an impact than we would have anticipated either through early reads on November or through the full quarter.
Paul Varga: And that would apply to the remainder of our fiscal year and just would not reflect, because we have not yet looked at 2017 and we’ll provide that when we come out with updated guidance in early June. But certainly your comment would apply for the balance of this fiscal year.
Paul Varga: I’d add to it, just because if you take the 5% sales growth rate through the fiscal year and finish the year at 5%, having to go up against this launch of Fire last year, you could read that as a little bit of optimism because we have to overcome it. So as I think there is something in that that you could read a little bit that I know expectations are always half for Brown-Forman, I always feel that way. And so in any event, I don’t – Jane and my comments reflected I don’t feel like the results we’re talking about here today diminish our optimism in any way about the business. It’s some of these temporary circumstances that we feel are out there related very much to the economies where we’re doing business.
Paul Varga: And I’d really go back and look at the – focus on the adjustments Jane was talking about on that, that accounted for that, $0.08 reduction today. I think that those give you the best insight to the moving pieces that remain, I think.
Paul Varga: Yes, absolutely. For Q4, and again, we will update any other new news as it relates to things that would have a positive or drag on the top line when we come out with full-year FY 2017 forecast.
Paul Varga: That specific effort doesn’t. And so let me elaborate too, because I agree with Jane. Here’s a way that you – at least if you want insight into how I think about it – let me give you an example of how the sale of Southern Comfort that we announced yesterday – I can think of at least three pretty direct ways that it will benefit Jack Daniel’s. The first is, going forward, is the absence of drag on the Corporation’s growth rate that, disproportionately, Jack Daniel’s, over these past few years, would have to cover. So that absence of drag is a benefit to Brown-Forman Corporation and also very much it takes some pressure off of Jack Daniel’s to grow that base of operating income. The second is, with the absence of Southern Comfort and Tuaca, our ability to take the time that we were devoting to those brand-building activities and rededicate them to our highest priorities. I made the example in my opening comments, but let’s just say in this example, Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey will benefit by us being able to redirect some of our time and attention and creative energies to that particular brand. That becomes, in fact, a multimillion dollar investment behind the Jack Daniel’s business. And then the third is a little more subtle, is that the proceeds from Southern Comfort, which we had a nice gain on the sale, to the extent that you attribute that we would be going and using some of those proceeds to do some of the share repurchasing that is available to us. In effect, the way I like to think about that is, for a non-selling shareholder, a shareholder does not sell into a share repurchase and remain, what ends up happening, in effect, for them is that they, through Brown-Forman’s activities, have sold Southern Comfort and made a reinvestment in Jack Daniel’s for them. So I actually feel like this ends up being a multi-dimensional benefit for our long-term shareholders; people who are very interested in Brown-Forman’s progress over generations or a five and 10-year period. And in doing so, we’ve done this several times before with portfolio reshaping, and not always has it had this other dimension of repurchasing shares, and the remaining shareholders owning a little bit more of Brown-Forman as a result of it. But in this case, I actually think it’s a wonderful use of proceeds or reallocation of our time that benefits that particular brand and the shareholders. So it’s a way that you might connect a couple of the dots that are in our news today.
Paul Varga: I mean, you gave a very nice summary of some of the prevailing influences. Here is just a way that you might think about it. I think in the end, if I were to summarize, just to say that, because your question is specifically about the United States, a lot of this comes down to what do you foresee as possible for the brand development? And what are the best ways to achieve it? And I’d start with that thinking about the full trademarked Jack Daniels because, of course, these line extensions do play a role in it. And I want to say something about that as well. But here’s something you might think about as it relates to Brown-Forman and this American whiskey momentum that exists. And I actually feel like this because we have difficulty even inside of our own company or through our trade system to get our mentality just right on our expectations. And so let me just use this example. Jack Daniel’s is roughly 5 million cases in the United States. When it advances in a year, a typical year, say, 3% on volume, it generates 150,000 cases of incremental growth in the United States. I’ll use the example of a 500,000 case brand, which is a pretty sizable brand in the US market, and we’ve got a couple of them. They’re just short of that, actually, I mean, Woodford Reserve and Gentleman Jack. And in Woodford Reserve’s example, it’s grown about 30%. So it’s growing 150,000 cases in the US market. And then you use the example, I mean, the one that’s been the most resurgent here and just to show you the scale of us getting what we consider to be our proportionate growth in this market, even Old Forester, which would get more headlines today, relative to even Jack Daniel’s, because it’s growing at 40%, but it’s also the 100,000 case base which gives you about a 40,000 case growth per year. So I’d just use these for scale of magnitude. Now think about Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire. In its first full year this year, we are anticipating it will be something like around 400,000 cases. So I mean, if you start to add these up, I mean, it is so hard when you’re the leader as Jack Daniel’s Black Label Tennessee Whiskey is, and Brown-Forman is to expect to grow at 25% or 18% or some of these really superb growth rates that get quoted out there, particularly around some of the upstart brands. But I can, in my own math there, given the examples I gave you, see that if Jack Daniels grows 3% to 4% in the United States, it gets 150,000 to 200,000 cases of growth, which is about the same amount that are high-flying Woodford Reserve and Old Forester are contributing. So those are ways we think about it. We use a lot of different metrics, not just Brown-Forman’s share or Jack Daniel’s share of the market. And I think we have realistic expectations about it. You’ve heard us talk in the past about how to think about these flavors. I think one of the hardest things for the supplier-owner to do is to get the right attitude about these. And it’s my view that we will do fewer flavors on Jack Daniel’s, but try to sell them in more places. So think of global expansion. I think that is a more unique opportunity for Jack Daniel’s than it is many of these other trademarks that are participating in flavored whiskey. And having said that, we are going to set ambitions for ourselves that don’t just launch and then let sit a new flavor, we intend to treat them as brands and – which they are. I mean, Tennessee Honey today is roughly a 1.4 million case brand at global average price of about $25 or higher. And that is a very rare accomplishment for any brand in our industry. And so, internally, we have to think about it as a very valuable brand and not just a flavor extension from Jack Daniel’s. And so it’s our intent, with the marketing mixes and the investments we make behind those flavors, to treat them in the same way you would expect us to treat a Woodford Reserve or some freestanding brand.
Paul Varga: If I felt that changing the mix of investment for some reason would have a beneficial short, mid or even long-term benefit, you would expect us to do it, of course. I mean, we will sit and really nail down the specifics of this in the next few weeks here. But I will tell you how I’m thinking about it, because this is one of the wonderful things for all of you who get to, when you ask these questions, honestly, we have to make decisions about what to make, which literally drives some of our views. And, of course, we worry about one-year trends. But in these cases, you got to worry about four, five, six, seven, eight-year trends as well. And I’ll just tell you, even with what we are observing out there in terms of difficulties and things like that and we’ll tighten up what we think for 2017, I have not altered in one way my view of, if I look backwards at Brown-Forman sort of three, five, seven, and 10-year results and then look ahead, I haven’t seen anything that makes me want to change those viewpoints.
Paul Varga: Yes. I think in year, what are we, four, I guess it is? Five – year five. Yes, so we are in year five. You are accurate on the – I think the three and six month trends, it’s gone slightly low-single digit negative. And I would attribute – I mean, if I were diagnosing it, I don’t have the component pieces here, I’d say the contributing factors would be the big halo of competition, and some of that from within the Honey flavor segment within flavored whiskey, there’s been an increase of Honey competition. But then also, just within flavored whiskey, as particularly this apple category took off here in the last year. So those would be some contributing players. I also think it would be silly for us not to say there hadn’t been a little bit of cannibalization that could contribute to Tennessee Honey from Fire’s launch, and that could be a little bit consumer, it could also just be focusing attention or sharing displays and some of these other things that go on when you are selling things from the same family. But it still presents the same question, how do we, in year six and beyond, in the United States, continue to build the brand in a way that competes better versus what the competitive references are out there? So it’s the – for our Brown-Forman employees who are listening, that’s the question we’re focused on. Yes, it really is. I mean, it’s very true. And the same things are going to be true with the ensuing – we are already looking at sort of Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire. Remember, it had some test markets that go back more than one year, so you could start to learn a little bit more from those markets as well. And with the passage of time, all, I think, new brand entries have this challenge. And I think, in my view, the answer isn’t to go put five more flavors out in the market. It’s to really focus on building these brands.
Paul Varga: I’ve learned a lot over the years from listening to my wife about the consumer trends in my business.
Paul Varga: So that’s a big influence. But also – because we’re so geographically spread, you do get little components from just about everywhere.
