Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean, I think, let me add a little bit to it because it seems like glass supply, I mean, this has been a major problem for us for a year now. We actually first started talking about this, because this quarter a year ago when we first really gave some detail on our glass supply situation. And so fast forward a year, I do think it's worth reviewing, because it almost feels like every question we're going to get -- ask this morning glass supply is part of the answer. But a year ago, we really -- we prioritized Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey, so core Black Label to allocate our immediate needs to Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey as really the on-premise was opening up not only in the United States, but around the world. And so we really prioritized Tennessee Whiskey to the detriment of practically every other brand in our portfolio. And so as the year went along, our demand has been very strong. I mean, demand for Tennessee Whiskey, which we believe is the largest or certainly one of the largest on-premise brands in the world. The demand has just been outstanding quite honestly and so we had a big year last year and it continued on through the first quarter of this year. But to this -- as I said, brands like Gentlemen Jack, the flavors and now most recently our Tequila brands have all suffered for it. So we've caught up with Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey for the most part, I mean, it's taken a little longer, because of the strong demand, but it's doing well. Woodford Reserve had a great quarter, so we’ve begin to replenish the inventories of Woodford around the world. Same thing on Old Forester. Gentleman Jack and flavors are not caught up yet, but they're getting better. But you'll see those -- I think you'll see those trends improve in the upcoming few quarters. And then as we said, Herradura really suffered over the last quarter. And that was -- I’d say it was a bit of a surprise, but it -- but the Herradura for one point also to make Herradura grew by 90% in quarter one last year. So tough comps is also part of that answer, but certainly the brand is suffering under our glass supply shortage that we're working very hard to try to fix, but it's not there yet.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean, look, we have pushed through our price increases, I think we said sort of 90% of the price increases already reflected on the shelf. And we haven't seen the trade down. Now I'd stress a little caution in looking at our trends and then extrapolate those to sort of macro trends, because of our glass situation. So that dominates over any sort of trade down or lack thereof really because it's not showing through in our numbers. And when we look at TDS we're not really seeing it, obviously, at the U.S. comment, but you're not seeing it really in the data there either. And so elasticity is, I think the biggest piece of an elasticity question always is what are your competitors doing? And the competitors are also going up. And so for the first time, and I'll say a decade, you're seeing some pretty good pricing throughout the industry and you're not seeing the, you know, you are not seeing a lot of pushback. So we're able to get prices through, we're getting them through the retailers that's on the shelf and consumers are still buying it. So feeling pretty good. We use the term affordable luxury a lot. And I do think spirits is an affordable luxury where consumers, they prioritize that bottle of Jack Daniels. And to the detriment of a lot of other consumer products we -- you’ve seen a lot of the retail or the big retailers in the U.S. that have struggled with inventories. We're kind of the opposite, where we don't have enough inventory out there. And it's pretty healthy, it's a good situation and that the demand is still there.
Lawson Whiting: Sure. So look, we are behind the scenes of working through all of that right now. There's obviously a ton of work that goes in to launching a new product on the scale of what this is about near. Correct, we are looking at, it's only a couple of months away from launching in Mexico. What we would -- what we're going to do, I think, I prefer to do is push this question off for another quarter. We will be more transparent with you all as we move into the rest of the fiscal year. We are still working behind the scenes on the cadence of launches, the level of investment, all that everything that goes with effectively a new product launch. On a positive side, our Jack Daniel's & Cola, so not the Coke, but Jack Daniel's & Cola is flying. I mean that business is still really, really strong. And so that's part of the trick to this launch is how we remove those products from the market and replace it with Jack & Coke and it's a little more complicated than maybe that might sound. But this is still a very healthy business. There's a lot of -- particularly in the U.S. there's a lot of competitors, not so much in the Coke side of things, but I mean there's a lot of RTD interest to these days and there's a handful of brands that are doing really, really well. So we feel really good that this thing once we get it out there in the market, we'll be ready to drive some pretty significant demand. But I think we're going to wait another quarter before we sort of release a lot of those details.
Lawson Whiting: Yes, obviously the Coca-Cola system is so big. They cover the world. And our products haven't -- we haven't even offered Jack & cola in many, many parts of the world. So it's going to be an exciting thing for this company and we're looking forward to it, knowing that most of that growth is really going to fall in calendar 2023.
Lawson Whiting: Yes, let me -- I'll take pricing a bit and then maybe you can comment on the -- on Apple itself. I mean, yes, the pricing strategy that we are implementing is global, it's not just the U.S. and it's on, kind of, similar numbers. Europe has been a very difficult pricing environment for a long time, but we are finally pushed -- we've pushed through -- successfully pushed through last year and we'll continue to do it again this year. I'll call it that low single-digit pricing that, sort of, 2% to 3% range is something I want to see for the foreseeable future. I mean, every year, not -- we don't want to -- we're not trying to go up 10% one quarter and then back off a little bit. It's trying to go slow and steady and that's worked, it’s worked so far. And as I mentioned to the earlier question, I think a lot of it has to do with other brands are also going up too. And So we're not seeing this sort of negative reaction either from the retailers necessarily. I mean, there's still challenges to partner with them to get prices up. But the environment is more conducive right now for most -- for many brands in our industry not only Brown-Forman’s to go up. Maybe talk about Apples, just a little bit.
Lawson Whiting: No, no, no, we did it. Yes, we did it last cycle. So it would have been I guess Q2, for the most part, Q2, Q3 of last year where the international prices all went through.
Lawson Whiting: Well, I mean, it's just -- it’s where the glass is coming from and which plants are supplying the individual brands. And so Herradura is one of the most important brands in our portfolio. And so it would have gotten some level of priority, particularly Herradura in the U.S. but as the demand, as I said, was 90% in Q1. The demand for several of our brands, not only Herradura, but that would be the most obvious one where the demand was higher than we were forecasting. And you can keep that going for a little while, but eventually that runs into a problem. And so that problem showed it’s head over the last quarter, couple of quarters really in Herradura as we've -- we are madly trying to find alternatives and find additional supply, but it's challenging. It really is.
Lawson Whiting: Well, to the second half of your question, the answer is both. The bonded series is to say we haven't done an ultra premium or super premium line extension in a long, long time, it’s really since Gentleman Jack and some of the single barrel expressions over the years. So we are -- we feel really good about the initial takeaway on these innovations has been very strong. And we feel very good about that, it’s getting really positive reviews and at that sort of $29, $30, $31 price points there is a real market for Jack Daniel's consumers and so we feel pretty good about that. As far as the flavor side of things, I mean, certainly Honey, Honey has been a home run for this company over the last 10-years. And Apple, Apple is experiencing its own sort of issues, not only lapping some -- the launching, but the Apple launch is just the timing whether you're talking about the U.S. or international is just terrible, because it was right in the middle of -- right at the pandemic was hitting and that was a tough time to introduce new products. So I do feel that Apple is going to have a healthy future and we'll do well. We do not have plans for another flavor in the near future. I'll never say never, but we're going to focus on these more premium line extensions for now and the core Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey, which is having growth like it hasn't seen in a number of years, we've now -- it's going to be several years in a row of growth on growth in ways that we feel pretty good about it. And so, yes, so I think we'll be slow on any flavor extensions and you're going to see more advertising behind these -- the bonded series. It's already -- we're already promoting not price promoting it, but television and digital and all the different ways that we communicate in a big way on these brands. And so it's kind of exciting to see that there's a nice market for some premium extensions off the Jack Daniel's brand.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean, and keep in mind, Gentleman Jack too was I mean, as we look back, if we fast forward a couple of years and then look back over everything that happened over this glass shortage, Gentleman Jack, it's probably going to be the brand that -- I don't know if it suffered the most, but it was rough. I mean, the Nielsen numbers are nowhere indicative of what we think the true underlying demand is for Gentleman Jack, it’s just the brand is just taking it on the chin last year as it really didn't have any supply.
Lawson Whiting: Well, first of all, calling underlying, what did you say formally known as that is one of the better lines I've heard in a while. Look, the U.S. business -- our international business is still very much dominated by Jack Daniel’s. And so the international demand was very, very strong and we were able to supply it. The U.S. is much more diversified and so brands like Woodford and Old Forester and basically everything other than Jack Daniel you've got such a massive -- you've got a very broad portfolio that was constrained by glass supply. I also think something that I'm just not sure I appreciate it a year ago, but the U.S. on-premise opened up quicker than the rest of the world. And so we're lapping now that, that reopening -- Q1 would have been a heavy reopening period for the U.S. The international markets were more like Q2 or into Q3. And so that -- some of it was just the comps too. So that once again, the answer to everything is glass supply and tough comps impacted the U.S. business. Look, I look at our U.S. business, I mean Woodford, I don't know, when the U.S. number, I guess it was a global number, but still being a plus 39 is a huge growth number. We've got to get our Tequila’s going again, I mean, that certainly was not a -- that was a negative for the quarter, but still feeling pretty good about our U.S. business and the way it has trended over the last -- even over the last few years, our U.S. business has been elevated now really throughout the pandemic. If you go back and step back a little bit and look over a longer time period, I mean, three or -- do a three year CAGR or a four year CAGR, you're going to see our U.S. business has been growing more like us. It's been pretty steady, but it's been higher than our historical average is more like a seven as opposed to a really long-term average more like five or six. So U.S. business is still really healthy.
Lawson Whiting: Yes, I don't think there's much a change early in our capital allocation strategy. I mean, we're always going to look to invest in our business first. Acquisitions are difficult in this industry, but we're always looking. Share buybacks or the current administration has made them maybe a little bit less attractive with some of the excise taxes that they're posting, but we'll always balance the share buyback and special dividend question. It's only been eight or nine months since we did a special dividend. And so there's not pressure necessarily to do one of those really soon. But I think just at the end of the day, we feel like we're good and smart and we have a good capital allocation strategy and we're really not changing it.
Leanne Cunningham: Well, and again, building on -- hi, Peter, how are you? It's nice to hear from me. It's been a while. From building on what Lawson said from our inventory perspective, we really started as glass supply began to ease in our second half of last year, our shipments were, kind of, above -- they were above our depletion level trying to get our inventory rebuilt. So yes, we've had a strong start to our year and we know that next quarter we'll be comping one of our lowest performing quarter of fiscal ’22. But then at the end of fiscal ’22, we had a 4 point benefit from those shipments. So when we have talked about, we will have a strong first start -- first half of our ’23 and that we will have to comp that 4 point benefit that we saw in the second half. And then we also again, as we said in our prepared remarks, we do remain cautious about how inflation and rising energy costs are going to impact our consumers. Will there be any macroeconomic or geopolitical events that similar to last March when we suspended our business? So again, that will be an impact in F’23 is the absence of our business in Russia. So from a cost perspective, we've talked about this a bit. We're facing challenges, so easing on the glass supply, but then now moving to logistics and transportation and then it will be our ability to get our product to market and to consumers, which we believe is possible, but it's going to come at an increase cost, some of which we plan because we plan for inflation every year. But one of the things that is different for us is that as we talk about inflation with the removal of the EU and U.K. tariffs on American Whiskey, unlike many others will -- that will help us mute the impact of inflation and cost that we have. So I don't necessarily is very early in the year, there's a lot of year to go and a lot can unfold ahead of us. We are definitely optimistic and off to a strong start. But we know we have a strong back half of last year to come.
Leanne Cunningham: And then the only thing I would add to that is we’re really excited about the numerous opportunities that we believe that this product will have from a geographic expansion perspective and our ability to gain share with it as well.
Leanne Cunningham: And then to your apple question, Nadine, it's really -- it's in the process of lapping the final phase of its international launch last year. Demand has been high. And as Lawson mentioned, the prioritization of our products with the constraints that we have. It has been negatively impacted by that, but we continue to believe that its launch and its connectivity with consumers remains very high.
Leanne Cunningham: And then the only thing that I would build onto that is when we think about premium extension for Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey, Gentleman Jack is now over 750,000 cases and we still believe it's very early in its international growth opportunity. So for me, I would say, higher than 750,000 cases.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes. I mean, it comes back to we're continuing to evaluate the timeline for the normalization of our distributor inventory, because we've got multiple factors at play at the same time. Our glass supply position is strengthening. Our facilities are bottling at record paces, we're getting inventory -- finished cases produced that are seeing challenges to get to market through supply chain, but we have met multiple strategies in place to get the cases there. We are experiencing very strong consumer demand. So as we believe we have inventory to meet demand, demand is increasing. And at the same time, we are launching new -- our new innovation of the bonded series and getting that to market. So we know when we started really January, but the second half of F '22 we began producing at a higher level and moving cases into the market. That is continuing, but the rebuild is potentially going to take a longer period of time depending on how consumer demand changes.
Leanne Cunningham: Well, as we would think about this, so starting with -- it is the transactional impact largely related to the euro and the lira. You're exactly right on the impact. For the shape of it for the full year, I don't want to comment on that because again we started in calendar year ’23, which again would have hit some of the back half of our F '22, we started to see some challenges, deal with our headwinds from FX. So that will -- we'll be going against that a bit in late of F ’23. But again, it's transactional we don't see any meaning fully or remeasurement from a translational perspective. And we've just been clear to say that if we were to assume the rates remain where they are today, it's going to be a headwind. So I would hesitate to say shape wise, it will be consistent throughout the year, it will be more consistent than not. It's going to -- depend when we get into the back half of the year how we're lapping that.
Leanne Cunningham: Okay, great. I'll start with the divestiture of our two stave mills. Again, this is about optimizing our strategic sourcing model we think there is going to be -- this gives us a broader base of sourcing, continuous improvement initiatives that will ultimately result in cost savings with economies of scale. Now the impact of that from a capital perspective, it would have not be material, and but we do from a barrel cost, wood cost perspective, we do expect to start seeing favorable cost at the back end of this, kind of, Q4 of this year. But with our aging process and associated accounting for that, it will take a period of time before we recognize that. So that -- I just wanted to comment on that part first. And as it related to capital, again, we don't typically -- we don't talk about a target. But what is really important for us is that we maintain flexibility and the strength of our balance sheet. We know that we are facing supply chain challenges. There are geopolitical environmental events that we also want to hedge against. But we also want to be well positioned to take advantage of any potential investment opportunities. So we keep our balance sheet in a place where we could capture those opportunities and hedge against any of the risks.
