Paul Varga: Brett, we may have just missed the very first part of your question, but I think I have got the gist of it. If we don’t get it fully, just repeat it, if you will. I think we have recognized the realities of this competitive landscape, I think you are referring to the United States here, for some time. I mean it’s been our experience that the largest companies and brands in the United States across most categories have – obviously they are typically a higher basis of existing business and volume. But they have been generally losing share of the U.S. market for some time, as a lot of these upstart brands and a lot of the newer brands that are being introduced to the market have grown, in some cases, rapidly from these small bases. We of course have had some of those ourselves. Just the brand I just refer there, Woodford would be such a nice example. But when you have brand leaders like in our case, like Jack Daniel’s, you are absolutely exposed to that. And so I think in our case, for example, of the premium and ultra-premium bourbon business, we have not set an aspiration that Jack Daniel’s would need to lead in terms of market share development of that category, just because it is far and away the largest brand and has I mean you would expect brands like Woodford Reserve and even our own Gentleman Jack, etcetera to grow at rates above Jack Daniel’s. Now, having said that, we do strive, with the passage of time, to compete at typically the – one of our internal reference points we would look at a lot would be the growth of the brand at a net sales level that’s consistent with the country’s development overall. So we would look often at TDS or premium TDS in some instances. So we have a lot of different categorical reference points. But the point you make is particularly prominent in the United States as it relates to just this onslaught of competition that’s been – being introduced to the marketplace the last 5 years where as we say, we were well aware of it. I feel pretty good that the brands that have been more established in our portfolio have held up fairly well. Some of it has of course come from just category momentum. Of course the fact that bourbon has been growing. We too have observed, I think you referenced that may be some of the more recent three months and six months growth trends look a little softer than they were historically. We observed that as well, but they still remain from our experience of well above historical and actually in particularly in comparing them to some other countries around the world, they still seem very attractive.
Paul Varga: Sure. I mean at this stage, we are very comfortable with the portfolio we have in tequila, as – we sometimes of course refer to as Casa Herradura. Remember it includes predominantly, I mean in terms of our main focus, two trademarks which is the Herradura tequila brand itself and then el Jimador. And then of course, I will just remind everybody, within each of those brands, one of the – it’s actually one of the great balancing acts anybody who owns a tequila brand undertakes is that you have got typically three expressions under each of those. And they range from – it’s really interesting to watch how they get categorized by various followers of the category or competitors, because we have a clear product under both the Herradura and el Jimador brand that is both – in both cases have experienced very rapid growth particularly in the United States. And then age version is called Anejo and then in between is Reposado. So they – and they actually have different competitive sets in some ways, we find. But of course, the clear expressions compete more with maybe the vodka category or clear goods, white goods. And then the aged expressions can actually find as a competitive reference sometimes more the whiskeys and brown goods. So you have to look at those individually. I mean, our – I think like it’s safe to say these last 12 months or so have been perhaps the best experience we have had in the tequila businesses since we have owned in Casa Herradura. It’s really coming in a couple of different ways now, the brand development on both of the trademarks in the United States, but also their continued success down in Mexico. I think a really important aspect was the repositioning in terms of price for el Jimador down in that market. As the business at the low price points that it was at, was not as attractive for an owner like Brown-Forman. So we felt it was important to even with lower volumes to have higher prices. And we have been undertaken a program to do that now for several years. The Herradura business itself partially down there as a result of some innovation with the brand Herradura Ultra, has allowed the brand to compete more effectively in Mexico. And then just its continued momentum in the U.S. market as I think super and ultra-premium tequilas continued to enjoy the same type of momentum that we have seen in super-premium bourbon. So as it relates to a forecasted – any shortfalls in terms of supply, I haven’t looked closely at that data in a while, but we don’t currently have that impacting our business in any significant way.
Paul Varga: I think it’s holding steady. I mean I don’t think we have had – I am trying to think of this year, we have had any significant price increases. I don’t believe we have. At various times in the past in the United States, particularly in the more competitive arena where el Jimador competes, we would have encountered I think some challenges as it related to pricing. In particularly some key markets where new competition would come in and you would have to discount a little bit. But largely, el Jimador and Herradura with nice U.S. margins have been growing their sales through predominantly through volumes.
Paul Varga: Yes. I think we have pretty good visibility into the remaining months of this business. And as we get any kind of updated view related to the future years, we will probably be doing more of that during our typical planning. And we would provide that kind of update probably with our full year earnings back in I guess the spring of 2017. So, your other question related to the flavors. And yes, I think your assumption was, are these comps kind of easing. And I think the reality is, yes, we felt like particularly, first and foremost, we feel like Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey has been on a more regular pattern since its introduction. I mean it’s been out there now 5 years plus. The Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire which had, in the United States, its national launch. It’s the tail end of FY ‘15 into the early part of FY ‘16. It created the most significant comparisons for us in our first quarter of this year. And so we definitely feel that they eased into the second quarter and will actually continue to ease as the year goes on. You are always building some form of distribution for these newer line extensions and products, but particularly for that one, it ramped up its distribution rather quick, because there was some real pent-up demand for it. So, we have been working against some of that initial distribution and trial in the earliest part of this fiscal year. I also think that the brand is continuing to, in some ways, build distribution in the United States through the on-premise. I mean, it’s made its way into more points of distribution in the U.S. on-premise. And actually, its velocity looks pretty good from what we can tell. So, I feel relatively good about the U.S. Jack Daniel’s flavors we have got. The fact that we are not introducing another one and can focus our attention on these two, particularly in the absence of Southern Comfort and Tuaca, which were also brands we were tending to in prior years, are nothing, but a help in our ability to continue to grow those flavors. So, I think we are implementing against – pretty much against the strategy we would have outlined a year ago, which is to really focus on these to develop them. In the case of Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire, you can start the process and to be very disciplined about building its presence in the international markets this year as well. And we think that might give us a little bit of help in the second half of this year, too.
Paul Varga: Okay. I mean, I will – let me take your second question, which was a broader one about the category. Sure, I think it’s maybe doing a little of both of the way you pose that question. I do think there is no doubt that the infusion of a lot of new bourbon brands or I mean, I think you can see it across a bunch of categories. We are starting to see it of course in gin. You can see it tequila. I mean, it’s long happened in vodka, of course, as whoever the latest upstart for the recent decade was took us in some cases positioned from the previous leading brands. But in this case, I think it is. Lot of the entrepreneurs we are seeing is contributing to category interest. I think it most certainly then contribute to category trial and some of the volumes. And is that a source of competition? Of course, I mean, there is no way that it can’t be when there is more available entrants. And so the way that it makes a company like us think about that is, first and foremost, try to understand what it is about the category and the brands that are coming in that people are finding interesting. And to the extent that our brands also possess or in some cases may even have better attributes along those lines make sure we are emphasizing them. And so something that’s been undertaken at Brown-Forman here these last couple of years is to really emphasize the credentials of our American whiskey brands and it starts of course, with Jack Daniel’s. And so if you are paying attention to everything from marketing communications to the quality with which we are preparing our home places, to packaging and messaging on packaging, all of that is intended to be contemporary to what people find interesting today about American whiskey and bourbon. For people who are prone to not wanting an established brand versus something that’s new and are just going to try it, I mean, there is not much we can do about being well known or having brand awareness. What we can do though is also offer some brands from Brown-Forman, as is the case with Cooper’s Craft that are new to the world and of course tell them their story of why Cooper’s Craft is, in my view, a perfectly suited entrant into this craft bourbon category today and how authentic the story is behind it as it pays tribute to the barrel making that is unique to Brown-Forman. And so we feel like we are trying to participate in the growing category in a variety of ways. And to-date, I would say we have been net beneficiaries of all this than we have been on the losing end of it. I mean, we can cross-reference a bunch of categories both inside and outside the beverage alcohol business and where that hasn’t been the case. So, I think what we can do is put it forward our best foot to meet actually the needs of what is creating this consumer interest, which I think are some of the elements I mentioned in my prepared remarks which are things like authenticity and quality and I mean making sure the taste and flavor of your products meet their needs. Hospitality is incredibly important in this equation. So, we are just continuing to strengthen and emphasize those attributes. And so far, Cooper’s Craft is doing pretty well. It’s in a very limited amount of the U.S. geography only. Our internal reception from our own people, first and foremost, was very strong and now we are just now getting it out into which you recognize as the pretty competitive and crowded marketplace, but the fact that it comes from Brown-Forman and given our credibility in this category, gives it a leg up over many of these upstarts that are coming in from entrepreneurs.
Paul Varga: And this reference also is for us, isn’t from necessarily just kind of a three months to three months. If you think back to a couple of years ago we would have – I know we would have been in more of an investment mode in say, Russia where Jack Daniel’s and Finlandia were – had great momentum. And then as the Russian economy experienced its difficulties and consumers’ affordability associated with our products tempered somewhat. And it’s actually really has hit Finlandia over these last couple of years. You might see a net example us allocate resources more towards say, Jack Daniel’s Black Label in the United States where we had a more cooperative category development, stronger economy, etcetera. So we are regularly reallocating within the mix of investments that we are making. And so I do feel like part of Jane’s comment referred to a slightly longer period of time as well in terms of the way we move A&P, SG&A, and even from time-to-time investments in things like packaging between brands and regions of the world.
Paul Varga: But I would anticipate, particularly if you are thinking about it from the overall [ph] perspective, as you tried to evaluate where we would be placing those incremental investments over the next 5 years to 10 years, clearly see the emerging markets as one of those arenas where we will be making incremental investments just because we are so still at a very early stage of development particularly with Jack Daniel’s and many of them now talking in places like Africa and the Middle East, many of the emerging markets where we still have – we might have a nice presence than we built it, but it’s still on a relatively small scale versus the opportunities that’s there. And those investments could come in the form of – oftentimes it comes in the form of route to consumer investments, because we found that can have a very direct impact on the brand development. Some of these markets don’t permit, in the same way that we are used to hear, traditional advertising in some ways. We have sometimes referred to them as dark markets, etcetera. But I still on balance see us continuing to invest in these emerging markets over the next decade.
Paul Varga: Not yet. I would say it’s too early, but it – yes, I would add it to the list of the types of structural things that occur in these emerging markets that you worry about. But to-date, we don’t have any estimate of the impact.
Paul Varga: Yes. And on the taxes and tariffs, I mean obviously, we are a single point producer for our largest brand out of Lynchburg, Tennessee. So it’s important that we have and we are so globally diversified today. So for us – and we are paying equal attention to all that stuff because any changes in them can impact your business. But we are obviously very strong proponents of an open global trading environment. We have navigated it pretty well even where there have been very high tariffs that tend to be protectionist in some of these countries. But nonetheless I mean so you monitor it to see where there might be specific pluses and minuses associated with Brown-Forman’s business. But I mean generally speaking, I think the one that’s just got the most headlines is the one that you first referenced to and Jane answered, is that given the high tax rate for U.S. based corporations, we would be a beneficiary if there was significant tax reform.
Paul Varga: Yes. I would agree, we hear them, but it would just be too early for us to see anything that would make that. I mean so in essence, it makes it more a hypothesis than the reality. I think some of the more. I would say systemic things that relate to particularly our business, which is not the food part, of course as much as it is the drink part of the restaurant business. I think I haven’t heard anything that makes me change that, which is this aspect of going back now several, several years where consumer started to subtly shift their consumption occasions toward the off-premise more. And there seems to be more millennial thing, the ability particularly to use social media to gather people effectively starting your own small bar on an evening if you want, because it’s so efficient to do so. And the impact that, that then has on suppliers and brands as you try to navigate the marketplace where the off-premise is growing faster than the on-premise. And so what are those dynamics. I actually think it will be really interesting to see how particularly one of the more recent developments that came out of this year’s election cycle, which was continued momentum on the legalization of marijuana, that being an interesting development, of course, with something we have been monitoring. But what – just this will be again an anecdotal thing, the fact that, that tends to be more of an off-premise consumption occasion, actually and to the extent that there is cross-category usage between marijuana and beverage alcohol, what does that do in terms of its impact on a brand or a suppliers approach to the business. I mean, it – I think that development will if anything add even greater momentum to the off-premise sales versus the on-premise sales. So, these are all things that are kind of speculative, quite honestly, their hypotheses that we are observing after. We are monitoring them. I do think our organization has done a nice job on trying to cater to the off-premise occasion a bit more, whether it’s through special packs, item such as the development of flavored whiskey category, I think hits a sweet spot as it relates to convenience in terms of consumption. I think as it relates to price and volume trade-offs, I think certainly the off-premise environment is a more price-sensitive channel than the on-premise one. And so there is a number of attributes of the channels that you have to pay attention to as you see subtle. These have not been wholesale and dramatic shifts. They are much more subtle, but if you study them over maybe 3 or 5 or 7 years, they become more important than they do in any one quarter. So that’s about all we have observed as it relates to the questions you were asking. We will be paying close attention to though it of course as the months unfold and the realities of what’s prognosticated actually come into play.
Paul Varga: Yes. Of course, it varies by brand. But more, I will just say for the United States distilled spirits market, my guess is historically it’s been somewhere like 75% to 80% volumetrically off-premise.
Paul Varga: Let’s say, again it would vary by brand, I think. For example, like I think we have noted this in the last two quarters, like the Tennessee Fire brand has grown quite a bit faster in the on-premise than it is the off-premise right now. Yes, but I would expect generally if the industry’s trends applied to each of the brands, trends will be just carried them over that the off-premise would be growing slightly faster than the on-premise for most markets.
Paul Varga: At this stage, we will probably, Bryan, do more of that as we get into F ‘18 forecasting. I mean, we are starting to see a little bit of it. It’s just now starting to make its way in. The more significant impact our higher wood cost, frankly, as it goes into your contents and so that’s the more significant item, but it’s just also trying to signal to you guys that eventually these investments we have been making do make their way into depreciation. Of course, they are spread over years, but we will give you all good visibility to that as time goes on.
Jane Morreau: Sure, I can talk about the barrel question. So just a reminder of what I mentioned in our script, it has hurt our first half results about a point. We knew going into the year that pricing on the barrels were going to be down. And so we were aware of that. We also – what we didn’t anticipate was some phasing on the timing of the volume. And so that disproportionately hit our first half of our results. They didn’t come in as we planned. What we have done now is we also, just for your information, we do annual negotiation in the falls of the year where we meet with our customers and we know it’s – and our negotiations begins January 1 through December of next year, so we already know directionally what the numbers will be if you will before volumetrically and pricing wise. So, we have taken that in consideration and that’s where lot of our comments are coming from. I will say the business itself is very cyclical. It’s a very dynamic market. It didn’t come through in my script. And the supply demand dynamics are very, very – I think for the rest of the year, we have got it pretty well honed in, but this is again cyclical business and we will have to watch it as we go ahead into the future.
Jane Morreau: Okay. Yes, so what I was referring to, Vivien, is overall as you saw we had leverage in the first half of the year largely due to the SG&A investments. First of all, we are referring to the SG&A investment line item as well. So, we would be very thoughtful on that. We are going to continue to invest where we see that we should, such as the Spain RTC as part of our SG&A investment. We will be doing – starting in the last half of the year, so that will continue. We are seeing some improving trends, as I noted, in emerging markets. All emerging markets aren’t created equal. So, there is certain markets where we are investing in those that we won’t. That’s what I was referring to some of those areas. The U.S., we are investing nicely in. So, it varies where we will continue to invest is where the consumer is and we are receptive to it. And we would just be more thoughtful. I always remind people too when we think about the line item of advertising, when you look at that, we think about our investments will be on that line item, including the SG&A line, which is the people on the streets that builds the brands as well as the cost of our packaging and the value-added packs, which we have several out there right now as it relates to the two we are referring to from the Taste of Lynchburg for the JD 150 celebration, so all of that comes into play, too, just not focusing strictly on that one line item.
Jane Morreau: Vivien, I thought I might just pick one more comment and connect another dots for you. We were talking about improving trends, which we saw in several emerging markets in our Q2 and saw a little bit more recently in our November results. What, as I look over the balance of the year, the second half of the year, some of that improvement is not necessarily that it’s growing like it used to, if you will. It’s really going against soft comps from a year ago. So some of that improvement we expect as we look out at some of that is post just overall growth rates that we were experiencing in Russia and the places like that Paul was referring to a moment ago, some of that is it’s all the dynamics that go into just the comparison numbers.
Jane Morreau: There was a lot of questions there on that one. So just broadly speaking, being a U.S. based company and comparing our company – our tax rate to our competitors, we have the highest tax rates. So if the tax rate, corporate tax rate were to go down, we would be a beneficiary evident and quite nicely a beneficiary of it from just a lower corporate tax rate, multimillion, several million dollars, if you will. So that would benefit us, for sure, if we look at this an isolation. There is a lot of moving parts to it. And I still think net-net from the proposal we have seen that we would be a net beneficiary to it.
Jane Morreau: Just our U.S. business versus – and we put in our annual report, our U.S. business was roughly less than half.
Jane Morreau: Yes. I think it’s more that as we look at – while we are expecting the emerging markets to continue to improve in the back half of the year, when we looked at what it meant for the full year and improvements that we were looking at overall, I think that’s the biggest number drag that we would have – pulled our overall forecast down and would have been due to that. The U.S. stays very nice, continues to grow solidly. The developed markets, with the timing issue that we referred to, I think they are nice and growing in the mid single-digits as we referred to. So it was more of the emerging markets. We had anticipated the barrels largely and so it was really more of emerging markets, so improving, still not quite to what we had thought.
