Leanne Cunningham: Thanks, Peter. I’ll start with that. Our guidance does imply that we’re going to have sequential improvement in the second half. And as we shared in our Q1 call, we continue to remain cautious with changes in trends such as the impact of inflation on consumer spending and the current macroeconomic volatility. And then, you heard in our prepared remarks, we do expect kind of all of our markets and channels to continue to grow, but it’s about the tempering of our expectations. And when we were -- specific to the United States when we were on our call in our first quarter, we were looking at U.S. three-month value growth trends for TDS with acceleration and trends kind of in that mid single digits and the environment that we’re in today has -- we’ve had a change or shift in trends where we’re looking at TDS decelerating in low single digits. So, that’s been included as we look out, but the drivers that we see for our acceleration is that you can see on slide 5. We’ve now lapped and are growing on top of just a really exceptionally high first half of last year, which was a plus 17, so like we said in our prepared remarks, the average is 8. And one thing we’ve also talked about is we did launch Jack Daniel’s and Coca-Cola in the second half of last year and we will have to comp that as we go through the fourth quarter of this year. But again, generally speaking, the back half of the year, we have significantly easier comps in the back half, and we continue to believe that we’re going to be able to benefit from our long-term pricing strategy. We’re really leaning on our revenue growth management strategies. We’ll talk about that probably in a bit. What else is going to drive our acceleration is that Gin Mare and Diplomático, our recent super- and ultra-premium acquisitions are going to come into our organic results in the back half of the year, which will help us. And we continue to see that our cost trends are heading in the right direction and we’re on a path to gross margin recovery, which is going to continue to help deliver some of that acceleration in the second half as well as you heard us say in the first quarter call as well as this quarter, in the support of the launch of Jack Daniel’s and Coca-Cola in the U.S, we just had a lot of operating expenses loaded into the first quarter of this year, we saw moderation in the second quarter and we’re going to continue to see that moderation as we go through the rest of this year. So, those are kind of the components that are built into our outlook.
Leanne Cunningham: Well, where we see kind of really strong growth for Gin Mare and Diplomático, globally, yes, but these brands are really large in our European markets where we align well with investments we made in our route to consumer. So, we believe with those brands in our hands in those markets and the performance that we’re seeing in those markets, we do see consumers in Europe. I mean, they’re optimizing their spend but they’re still looking for experiences in everyday affordable luxuries. And so, we see a path to growth for those brands. And again in our reported results, they’ve contributed 2 points of growth for year-to-date and we expect that momentum to continue as we go into the back half of this year.
Leanne Cunningham: Okay, great. Yes, we believe that -- and kind of like we stated in our prepared remarks in general that distributor and retailer inventories have normalized. The impact of that estimated net change in distributor inventories for us is largely related to that year-over-year comparison. And if you take a look at Schedule D, which -- B, I’m sorry, which is in our earnings release and you kind of look at the shipments and depletions for our full strength portfolio, you’ll see that they are -- the shipments and depletions are largely aligned. And we’ve talked about we’ve lapped supply chain challenges, our inventories returning to normal. So really what we see going forward is going to be related to consumer demand. One small note is that our recent acquisitions of Gin Mare and Diplomático aren’t yet reflected in the schedule and we’ll be adding those in the next quarter. And maybe just to kind of dig in a little bit deeper, the U.S., we believe they’re back to normal. This time last year in Europe, we were -- and really in October was the big month where we were air freighting cases into Europe. So, we had product available. So, we were still rebuilding inventory. Again, in Q2 of this year, we have really the largest impact of the absence of those supply chain disruption costs, but we believe they’re back to normal as well. And then, in our largest markets in Latin America, Brazil, our business is strong and our inventories are at normal levels and Mexico as well -- for both Brazil and Mexico, we own our route to consumer. So, we have visibility through there. And then we purchase retail inventory data that continues to let us see further through the chain. So Brazil, we feel like our levels are normal. And Mexico, yes, with the really recent change in trend, we’re adjusting accordingly and all that’s built into our guidance.
Leanne Cunningham: Right. Well, we guide on an organic basis, which would exclude that benefit. But that’s why we also thought it was important to give to you all today, quantify that impact because it does kind of fall outside of our organic outlook. So, we wanted to make sure that you had that piece.
Leanne Cunningham: I’m sorry. I was just -- the only thing I was going to add on to that is we said on our prepared remarks, GTR is comping at plus 67%. When you look at the two first halves, the average of that we’re at 29%. And then one of the things that we would also add on Mexico is that while we’re seeing kind of weakness in the whiskey and tequila categories, we’re gaining share across that in our takeaway data. So -- but again, what it’s talking about for our outlook, kind of a revision in our expectation, and that’s just kind of for that deceleration in the back half of the year.
Leanne Cunningham: Okay, great. Thanks, Lauren. For Brazil specifically, again, you can see in our year-to-date results, we’ve got high-single-digit, organic net sales growth. A lot of that is being driven by -- and again, when you think about how we prioritize brands and geographies in supplying our products at -- post supply chain constraints. Jack Daniel’s flavor portfolio has a much improved supply or really a back to normal supply. And we are able to support the consumers’ taste profile for our products of honey and apple and really the launch of Jack Daniel’s Apple along with our geographic expansion strategy that we’ve had in that market for a while is continuing to gain market share. So the consumer takeaway is slowing a bit and we do see the competitive environment intensifying, but we continue to believe we’re going to do strong business in Brazil. So, I’ll move to UK and I think you’ve already that our business is strong there. What we’re seeing is this is really about the transition of our Jack and Cola business out of our results because this will be a market where, that is led by Coca-Cola with the Jack Daniel’s and Coke. And then specifically to France, that continues to remain a challenging environment, with declining consumer sentiment. And inflation has been high. It is starting to impact the consumers there and their discretionary income spend. We are seeing a little bit of down trading in that market and maybe a little bit, even a switch to beer, in that market while the consumer is going through this period of high inflation. But again, as we look over the longer term and how we are thinking about how Diplomático rum will have a strong impact to that market over a period of time, we believe that -- and as we continue to revise strategies there, we continue to believe France is going to be a contributor to growth over the mid to longer term.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes. As we’re transitioning because that Jack and Cola business will be coming out of our results, so that we would need a full 12 months before we lap that.
Leanne Cunningham: I think it’s just about lapping and growing on top of that really high impact of rebuilding the inventories in the year-ago period and then, as we look at where we are year-to-date and understanding what acceleration can be and what it could potentially look like between here and the year to go period. So I think we would just say that. And then Gin Mare and Diplomático would be a smaller positive impact for the U.S., but again we do think it will be a positive impact for the U.S. I mean, I think that’s -- it’s just kind of generally where we are in a year to go period with what we’ve seen the current trends of TDS. And one of the things we’ve talked about is on this kind of path back to normalization and currently being kind of below that mid-single-digit, we believe there’s not going to be a linear path back to normalization or probably be a little bit up and down over a period of time, but we’ve factored in a little bit of that as well.
Leanne Cunningham: And then one last thing I’ll add on specifically about the U.S. As we talk about understanding what our opportunity -- our long-term opportunity is with Jack Daniel’s and Coca-Cola, we know it’s now a top ten spirit based ready to drink brand. It’s the number one whiskey based RTD in Nielsen. It’s got over 2% of the category share. And it’s really getting great accolades like we talked about in our prepared remarks as named one of Jack Daniel’s and Coca-Cola as the best new product in 2023 from the spirits business. So again, we think this product is still fairly new in the market, but the accolades are supporting what we believe will be that future growth.
Lawson Whiting: And you talked about tariffs, real quick at the end of that, just a brief thing on that. First, and I assume what you meant was have we been shipping incremental cases into Europe ahead of the potential for these tariffs, and we have not. We have not largely, because we don’t believe that they are going to come through in the real near future. For those that are not as close to this whole situation, we continue to work with both sides of the Atlantic. We said that on the prepared remarks a little bit. There have been some rumblings lately that these tariffs could come back around. Look, we’re smarter about this than we were 4 or 5 years ago when it first came out. We’ve got a lot of mitigation scenarios that we know what to do. But at this point, as long as both sides are at the table, which they are right now, we do not expect this to come around, and I think our pretty strong belief is that this will be kicked down, we’ll kick the can down the road for at least a couple of years until some of these tariff conversations can get resolved.
Lawson Whiting: Oh no, it’s definitely not the last. Look, I think it is simply -- the consumer has weakened a bit over the last 3, 4, 5 months. That’s kind of what’s changed since where we would have been last quarter. As Leanne went through it, I mean, if you just look at TDS, which as you know, has been running at 4% to 5% for 20 years or something like that. Certainly stepped up over the COVID, which I know some of you called it a super cycle, went up quite a bit over those years, and it’s come back down. And I would have said most of 2023, calendar 2023, we were in that mid-single-digit range, and then it really fell off, over the last, as I say, 3 or 4 months. And so I think there’s just been a bit of weakness in consumer confidence that has hit the entire market and brought the number down a little bit, but it’s still growing, I should say, too. It’s still at a sort of plus 2 range. And so it just made us get a little bit more cautious on the outlook for the U.S.
Lawson Whiting: So look, tequila has been on a pretty unbelievable run actually over the last few years as particularly, I’ll say that 22, 24-year olds up into their 30s really have adopted tequila as sort of their drink of choice and it’s done really, really well, particularly at that super-premium, ultra-premium price point, which is where Herradura plays, el Jimador is going to be a little bit less than that, but still a solid well-positioned brand across both Mexico, the U.S., and in el Jimador’s case increasingly in some other markets around the world. So now to your question about what’s going to happen with pricing in the category. Look, I think and hope that the people that are playing in that ultra-premium price point for tequila are the big players, who all have suffered through a period of time when the agave costs were so high and hurt everyone’s margins that would have been playing in that that it’s time now to reap some of those benefits of the better margins. So, I don’t expect that we’re going to see significant changes in promotional pricing, and I haven’t seen it yet in any kind of material way, but we’ll have to see what happens over the next 6 to 12 months. But I know at least from Brown-Forman’s perspective, we are not planning to get more aggressive in that category. We want to be able to stay as an ultra-premium brand.
Lawson Whiting: Well, look, those are pretty short timeframes there. I mean, I think forecasting where the U.S. market is going to go, as I said, it’s in that sort of low single digit range right now. I just talked a minute ago about it being in the 4% to 5% for years and years and years with the exception of the COVID boom. But I don’t know how to predict when it’s going to come back. Certainly, if we looked at past cycles, the only time that TDS has really materially weakened in the last 20 years was after the financial crisis, so sort of 2009 timeframe. And it snapped back really fast. I think all of us -- well, those that have been in this business that long, remember that, because it surprised everyone and came back. And I think it’s a category -- this is an amazingly resilient category in the United States spirits and I do not believe it’s lost that factor. So, I do think it’s just sort of a weakening right now, and then we’re just going to have to see where consumer spending goes over the next six months, but hoping and believing we’ll be back in that sort of mid single digit range. And I’m guessing here, but we’re talking 6 to 12 months. What was the second half of the question? Oh, to be honest with you, I haven’t really -- I haven’t seen -- I’m looking at same data you are in terms of Nielsen and NABCA. I haven’t seen anything real recent that was any different. The step-down was more in the August, September range, not even sure the numbers have updated to October yet, so.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. Let me hit global travel retail first. That one really is a factor of comps. If you can remember, this time last year, we were refilling that channel in a big, big way. And I do expect that -- I mean, just look, anyone who’s been traveling anytime recently, the planes are absolutely jammed. And so, I feel pretty good that that business will return to sort of its historical rate very, very quickly. It’s just got to get through this comping thing. Mexico is a little bit different and a little -- it’s not confusing necessarily. I mean if you look at our schedule and I think the year-to-date sales is plus 9%, something like that. So Mexico is the second largest market in the world for Brown-Forman. And so it is an important market and has been growing pretty dynamically for us for a period of years. Now that’s been led right now by New Mix, which is a great brand. It is absolutely enormous down in that country and I think everyone knows that at this time. But the rest of the business, which had been doing okay throughout this year, I think we’re getting a little more cautious that the Mexican consumer is showing some weakness, too. And so, we are expecting a little bit of a slowdown in the second half of the year in that market, but not falling off a cliff or anything like that either. It’s just both tequila and whiskey have slowed down a little bit, and so we’re expecting that to continue through the rest of the fiscal year.
Lawson Whiting: Sure. So, I mean look, as we would have said literally 10 years ago, that we were going to reshape our portfolio to focus on spirits, in particular on super- and ultra-premium spirits, and that is largely finished. You know all the different brands that we’ve sold over the last, 5, 6, 7 years, and we’ve brought a lot of new things in. And so, we have definitely premiumized the portfolio to a pretty big extent. The Sonoma-Cutrer one was Slightly different because that within the world of wine, that is certainly a super premium brand, but we were not -- it was the only wine brand that we owned fully on. I mean, Korbel is still here, but the brand was sort of sitting by itself, which is not the most efficient way to operate it. And the Duckhorn Group are, one, they’re fully focused on super-ultra-premium wines. They’re one of the sort of premier wine companies in America. And it’s one of those where we believe the value creation opportunity is better under their hands than ours. I hate to say that in some ways, but wine is really -- it’s their focus. It’s what they do. It is the accounts that they call on are all very similar and Sonoma-Cutrer is a huge benefit to them, too, because it is so big, particularly in the United States. And so, we just thought it made more sense that way. And then as you say, we own a piece of that company now and we’ll share in the upside that hopefully comes in the relative near future.
Lawson Whiting: A follow-up on the Tennessee Apple question or comment, you saw that how it is doing a brilliant job in Brazil, actually doing a really good job in Korea, some sort of unusual market that we would be talking about. But Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Apple was launched in the middle of COVID and was -- as really all new products during COVID was a really tough time to launch things and it didn’t meet anywhere near our expectations. But now that we’re through a lot of that, the expectations on Apple are going up a lot, and I think it’s a great product. I mean it’s just -- the taste alone is excellent, and appeals to a very wide palate I think on a global basis. And so, you’ll hear more from us on Apple over the next quarters or years, as we think that really has potential to be a really nice big addition to the Jack Daniel’s family.
Lawson Whiting: I do think American whiskey and tequila are still the two strongest categories in the U.S. spirits business, which is where the vast majority of our portfolio is. Now, delta from where we were, I mean, I think we spread it out a little bit. I think both are -- tequila is coming down off of sky high numbers, where American whiskey was steady high, but not as high as tequila. And so I guess, the delta would be more on the tequila side of things. I do want to point out too. I just want to reiterate one more time. Now, for Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey, so core Black Label. Now, this is not a U.S. statement, this is global, but the brand was up last year first half plus 18. For a brand the size of Jack Daniel’s Tennessee to be a plus 18 is an enormous amount of volume movement. Now to be down 2 over the first half of this year, while we don’t love that the two-year average is still 8. And so, I want to make sure people don’t take away from this that the brand is somehow not healthy or anything down that path. The brand has had a -- not only the last two halves, but even over the last five years, Tennessee Whiskey has continued to be a really strong supporter and continues to be the single biggest source of growth for Brown-Forman and will be for the foreseeable future.
Lawson Whiting: I’m laughing people complaining about U.S. distributors. Look, the pricing question first. Look, we still believe and see solid consumer demand. And so, we are not planning on really changing that pricing strategy. We’ve been doing it now for 2, 2.5 years where we like -- in the U.S. it’s been that 2 to 3 range. It’s actually been higher in other parts of the world and it has a lot to do with why our gross margin has expanded so much over the last say six months. And so, we’re -- we love that and still see a lot of really good pricing opportunities. So it’s that low -- very casual, low and slow, where we believe in that over the long-term is the way to go. We did not do like some of our competitors, took huge increases back when supply chains were very constrained and all that and go to double digits. And that is a risky strategy I think in our industry and not one that we’re going to pursue, but we are going to continue with the sort of low-single-digit range and I see that continuing for the foreseeable future. Now back to the U.S. distributors, I mean we are -- certainly there’s been a lot of consolidation in that space over the last decade or really two decades. We’re very comfortable where we are. They’re doing a good job for us. We’re in many cases the largest supplier in many -- particularly in the RNDC market. And so, we get our fair share of attention and feel good about that. And these are great partners that we have and we need and have good relationships with. So, I don’t really see any significant changes happening there in the near future.
