Paul Varga: Thanks, Jane and good morning, everyone. Let me just add a few comments to Jane’s. We're obviously very pleased with these excellent second quarter and first half results and while we do not anticipate the second half being quite as strong, we still expect our full year results to represent a noteworthy improvement relative to last year, while also positioning the company for growth beyond this fiscal year. As most of you likely know, we typically strive to have a strong balanced comprehensive performance at Brown-Forman. And as we were planning for this fiscal year back in the spring, this again was the case.  However, we also felt at the time that we should sharpen our focus in FY18 on accelerating the company's growth and underlying net sales above all else. The logic was that our margins and ROIC remained excellent and that we could create significant shareholder value by improving and sustaining our rates of underlying sales growth. And we felt that the best way to do that was with an improved blend of three items, investment, price volume balancing and innovation. Regarding investment, the idea primarily centered around making our investments work harder to produce sales growth and that in turn entails some resource reallocation, most notably from SG&A to A&P and the call for more impactful consumer communications.  Regarding price volume balancing, the idea was to make FY18 a year of volume led growth. This is not to signal any strategic distaste on our part for seeking pricing in the marketplace, which we will continue to thoughtfully do. It is more a recognition that consumers and retailers do have more choices today due to the influx of competitive offerings. And that the advantages that a company like Brown-Forman has relative to many competitors are our investment resources and route to consumer strength, while also knowing that what we put in the bottle is of consistently excellent quality.  So it was our feeling that this was a good year to leverage that and lean a little more heavily on the volume part of the equation and so far so good. And regarding innovation, we felt that we were poised for a stronger FY18 and this was reflected in our plans for Jack Daniel’s Tennessee rye and Jack Daniel’s RTDs and to a lesser extent our super premium Irish and Scotch brands. Of course, we would need some cooperation from the environment and that has occurred in our view as we've seen an improved backdrop in emerging markets and a continuation of the nice momentum in the categories and price segments where we are predominantly focused. In combination, we believe that these are the contributing factors to the nice acceleration we’ve reported this morning and which has led us to increase our guidance for the full year. In closing, let me congratulate my colleagues across Brown-Forman on these strong first half results. And now, we’re available for your questions.
Paul Varga: Okay. I was going to say -- one of the things we typically go to on to just give more color on the type of question you asked is, how well balanced typically our results are across the globe. Often times, I think just to your question, it indicates that because we're US based and there's in -- because this market is the most valuable in distilled spirits, because people have great visibility to it, I mean I think we're over indexed in terms of analytics by many audiences when they consider Brown-Forman and in terms of the focus on the United States, but I mean it's evident in the results we had this morning that a nice part of what's happening with us is the bounce back in emerging markets. And also travel retail, which is becoming increasingly important to us. So I think that's one element to our results generally that I would highlight. But I also think, I mean, yeah, I mean we don't take for granted that even in the US market that the business is actually growing and has been doing this for many years -- consecutive years at this sort of 3%, 4%, 5% range depending upon what the quarter or year is, but -- and that has two elements to it. Of course, it means there's great opportunity to be -- and then of course within that, keep in mind that our categories where we're focused, American whiskeys, bourbons increasingly tequilas, Irish, these are categories today that are growing ahead of even the distilled spirits category in the United States. We think we're particularly well positioned and then within those categories, the areas that tend to be doing better are at the premium plus levels. So -- and that's where Brown-Forman is concentrated. So I think it adds up to having a strong, well performing category and within it, the areas where we're concentrated being those items that are driving the category.
Paul Varga: Oh, I think it'll change some things market-by-market in the way that in particular, the merger you're referring to that occurred -- just occurred, I'm sure there will be local adaptations and ways that that particular instance will cause some local dynamic changes that sometimes cause a supplier evolution, et cetera. But for us, I think, we've seen so many of these iterations of change in the US wholesale environment and they are noteworthy every time they occur, but I think the most important thing is we have a very significant investment to our own people in the US market that I think is a source of stability when you do have these changes because our people are out there trying to build our brands each and every day as a supplement to the good work that's going on at the wholesale level. So, for me, the source of stability during these changes are having very long term partners in our arsenal in the United States and then the presence of our own RTC in the US to propel the business.
Paul Varga: Vivien, additionally though, because you mentioned things in the barrel, the most significant development I think in this fiscal year and started a little bit last year as well is after years of waiting, the company has now had available rye product and we did not go out into the open market in barrel rye. We made our own at both, particularly noteworthy of course this year is the Jack Daniel’s Tennessee rye introduction. So we had waited several years for that product to become available. It was not necessarily tied to the capital expansions necessarily, but it certainly took some forethought on our part in putting down the inventory, much unique about of course rye is it's a different recipe.  And so you do have to wait and we just think that right now, it's a particularly unique and special year, not only because Jack Daniel’s rye has been introduced, but also because Woodford rye just been out a couple of years is continuing to perform very strongly and both brands are getting excellent recognition for the quality of the products and the bottle. And so it's given us and in forthcoming years, we will have additional rye inventories to continue to build our presence in that category. So it's another area where we are now well positioned for growth in the US market where that category is outpacing the industry.
Paul Varga: I will add too Vivien that the annual fluctuations you see in our price volume balancing act not only reflects what's going on in the marketplace, but it also can reflect what we see going on and how well we forecasted whiskey demand several years earlier. So I mean, it's all a complex consideration to each year, but it does influence how you think about it.
Paul Varga: Yeah. And as a reminder, we reconcile between in the charts at the back of the earnings release, the differences between shipments and depletions. And so of course, we're filling pipeline, the shipments on rye would be ahead of our depletions in the United States and the depletions of course is at this stage because it's still so new, we'd be ahead of the consumer takeaway. But the one thing that’s unique about this is that there is not unlimited supply of rye for FY18 and so there is a limit to even what we can provide, even in shipment out to the marketplace today and that's watched obviously very closely. But, yes, you would have fully expect for the shipments to be ahead of the depletions at this stage and the depletions to be ahead the consumer takeaway, but in our early read on the consumer takeaway that even though as Jane correctly stated, it's not driving the growth rates of Brown-Forman or the US, it is having a positive contribution of course and is being, but from what we can tell anecdotally more than anything, well received in the market.
Paul Varga: Yeah. And I'll try to address that. I think that -- I mean it's hard of course to pinpoint a single point because we don't have a comprehensive metric for the entire US marketplace. But, yeah, I would agree with you that I think data we're seeing in at least using Nielsen would understate what's happening. If you look over at the NA VCA markets, which are not comprehensive for the whole market of course, but I think they're more indicative of what's happening and the way we're seeing that is that that business in my view continues to grow in the 4% to 5% range and then consistent with the Nielsen data as well, Brown-Forman continues to perform above the rate of growth for the industry.  I think, some of the consistent themes that have been there that the largest manufacturers in both data sources are slightly losing share to the rest of the market, which has been a consistent theme as smaller more entrepreneurial players in both data store sources consistently have shown higher growth rates than the market overall. And I can just say that Brown-Forman is one of the few larger players in both data sources that is performing ahead of the market overall, but I think it is a particularly difficult time to read any one individual data source, simply because they're not comprehensive and it then forces you to think about what are the dynamics occurring within the marketplace that could be causing certain data sources to be reporting higher or lower.  So we're in the same boat as you as you try to figure out all the puts and takes involved there, but we consider to see us ahead of the market and similar to the prior question, driven in part not only by our own brands and their good performance, but also where we're positioned at the premium ends of the categories that are growing above the market. And just as a reminder, those tend to be American wet season bourbons, Irish categories doing well, Cognac is doing very well and tequila is doing very well.
Paul Varga: I mean, our tequila strategy I think remains unchanged. We feel we have the assets and trademarks from our acquisition of Herradura more than a decade ago and this year's performance really is building on last year's. I mean and it’s comprehensive, it's a nice performance from Herradura, el Jimador and New Mix. And both in the United States and Mexico, and one of the things that's, I mean, and there's always hidden nice performances in this that even we don't report that to you all in a table or chart.  The one that’s been building over the last couple of years down in Mexico is Herradura Ultra, which is -- and the reason I bring that up is that versus adding trademarks innovating within the existing trademarks, we think is a critical piece of the growing -- growth of the category and the success and in that instance, it's been rapidly growing. It’s really only available in Mexico and in some ways, remember the tequila category down in that market is much more established and well known than it is anywhere else in the world. So the relevance of innovation is even more impactful.  So that’s a project that we're looking at and continuing to be excited about in that one country, but also in passing quarters and years, consider its applicability for introduction into other markets, but that's one such example of how innovation can be important to the tequila category, but again we are really, I mean, excited with this last sort of two years or so of momentum that's been building on and we’re investing more behind it. We had consistently been investing well ahead of the last two years and so we just think things line up particularly well for our premium plus tequila business and of course our -- even the ready to drink business, we've got down in Mexico continues to perform well again grounded in innovation. But it is an under -- sometimes an underappreciated aspect of our tequila business. On the Scotch front, I mean I continue to think it's still very, very early days for our single malts. I mean, we are such a tiny percentage volumetrically or even of on a sales basis of the single malt category and the Scotch category overall, but we think we are learning some things about, in the first year plus of owning these brands. The first part of it was the integration. It was heavily focused on just their company and ours and on the manufacturing side. The second year, we're actually making more transitions on the route to market side and there's natural hiccups that go with that that always take longer.  So, yeah, I would say our first half of the year, the single malts aren’t performing up to where we might have planned for them, but we think they're more timing related and we continue to have very high hopes for them as we get them positioned with our sales forces and the right partners in the marketplace and as we get them price the way we like. The thing we’re most encouraged about with those brands in the first really two years here is the reception to the product in the bottle.  I mean, the accolades that are coming out on all three of the brands have been excellent and so it's now in our hands to go do some of the things we do with some of our other brands, which is to build their awareness and distribution and they do require because they're at higher price points and sold in more unique ways than say taking Jack Daniels Tennessee whiskey as a marketplace. So we do have to refine our selling approaches and that takes a little bit of time as well.
Paul Varga: Well, I think, they actually have a lot of similarities, Robert. I mean the single malt category in the United States has been growing very nicely for a really long time even back. I mean, I'll just use the days when we were introducing Woodford Reserve and had started developing Gentleman Jack and Jack Daniel’s single barrel. Around that same time, Brown-Forman actually started to represent and then ultimately took an ownership position in glenmorangie. So our memory of the growth of single malts in the United States goes way back and that has continued pretty much interrupted for a generation.  So some of what we've seen and because there's so much attention on the bourbon aspect, particularly the super premium bourbons, today, people – it’s kind of overshadowing how strong and significant the American single malt market is and of course because the -- the huge amount of volume that historically existed at the standard price of Scotch overwhelms even the growth sometimes of the single malt. It doesn't come into focus so much whereas as you look at other categories like Tequila and Irish and then increasingly American whiskey where a lot of the development is at the premium end. When that premium growth is coming in, it's not being offset by sluggishness in the standard part of the category. So I think the single malt aspect has been -- single malt category the United States has been attractive for a very long time. It’s one of the reasons we were so interested in the acquisition and continuing to try to find a way to participate in it.
Paul Varga: Well, it's benefiting from I think just the return of travel generally and then if you think about that channel compared to our universe at large, it really is an environment for premium brand building, which is an area where we tend to be focused. So, it really helps a company like Brown-Forman when you have a channel that is premiums due to return like it is and then within that, historically, the categories that were so strongly developed in global travel retail, it was always led by whiskey, but also alongside categories like cognac and other very high end categories, we're still, I believe, at the very early days of the American whiskey and bourbon and tequila and Irish presence in that channel. So my view is, yes, it's accelerating for our company, but from a -- still relatively early stage of development of the channel.
Paul Varga: Yeah. I mean the whole idea was just what Jane I think articulated and her -- the primary reason for some tougher comps in the second half, but also the desire to invest more so the mix of spending first half versus second is going to change in a way that has the effect that you referenced and so we of course will be making those investments for the benefit of the second half, but also hopefully to position the company for continued growth beyond this fiscal year.
Paul Varga: And then the second part of the question was, would that then dictate or suggest higher investment rate in the second half related to emerging markets.
Paul Varga: Yeah. There’s no -- and in terms of our approach just more strategically, we always -- what we're always looking to is that we said in our remarks make the investments we make work harder for us in any given time. I mean, we still prefer a balanced approach geographically because we continue to think there's growth opportunity globally for the company and you will see pockets from time to time of investment spike, one such as this year on the SG&A front for example is the investment in the Spanish consumer, which of course in the second half will have higher investment levels in SG&A versus last year because we didn't have it last year.  And so there's examples like that, in every quarter almost or every half year and so but as a general theme, we would certainly feel like now is a better time to invest in the emerging markets versus two years ago, same thing with say travel retail in some of these areas, but also we typically are putting in incremental investments that will show up in a particular quarter behind whatever's new on the innovation front. That's the other thing to keep in mind. So if you're investing behind Jack Daniel’s rye, that will incrementally hit a particular quarter or a segment of the year. So -- and I think that continues to be the right mix for us and but we're always looking at that to see if there's not some timing based thing to try to propel growth during a particular one to three years segment for the company.
Paul Varga: It's a hard -- I mean, obviously, we have some visibility. Obviously, Jane, the leader of it, we have significant influence on it ourselves, because of the inventories we place, but there's ways to estimate it and I mean I think that because -- I mean how does it impact our businesses would be the natural question that comes from having visibility in those inventories. And I would say probably the most significant one in this year doesn't mean it will be this way every year, but because there are an increased number of competitors and people in the industry are leaning more on to the volume part of the -- volume price equation, you see Brown-Forman in some ways adopting the same philosophy. I think it has, at least for this fiscal year, and I think it's actually served us very, very well this year. It's one of the contributing factors as I stated.  So I mean, you're constantly looking at first and foremost your own historical forecast because remember we had to make these forecasts a few years ago as well and are regularly then trying to extrapolate those out into the future and it will have -- the most significant impact it will have is on how you manage your volume and pricing. There's not much we can do if for some reason, we thought that the consumer was going to walk away from the category, I have said this many times before that I think the boom bust aspect of this category will be moderated in part by the fact that aging is required. It at least will lengthen the rod up and I think it will have the impact of lengthening any kind of bust that people might forecast. So I consider that to be a mitigating effect to the fashionability of the category right now.
Paul Varga: I would remind everybody the company had excellent result and growth for many, many, many years when the category was not growing and so it goes back to some of the basic elements. Whether there's excess supply in the industry or not, critical items like investing behind your brands, having your innovation pipeline thoughtfully planned are continue to be critical element, no matter what the supply situation is.
Paul Varga: Yeah. I mean I think thing is being responsive and also thinking beyond just a 12-week period when we make these determinations. The things that I look for, the basic old list that I would look for are what are the -- what is the category strength generally, so just you’re trying to see if you have general momentum in your category and that category of course when you're a brand like Jack Daniel's is both the distilled spirits industry and the bourbon/American whiskey category. You will be looking at what we referenced you on the call which is the supply and demand dynamics and then as a result, you're looking at your competitors.  I think an underappreciated piece of how we sometimes look at this that actually in my view is starting to show a little bit of encouragement versus prior years is the strength of the on premise environment. I've always considered the strong and growing on premise environment to be one of the helpful considerations when companies or brands go to raise price in our industry and in the US, I mean, it would suggest to me just looking at some of the anecdotal elements and seeing actually some of the differences between some of the data sources, it might suggest that the on premise is beginning to improve a little bit. So that can be a factor as well.  And I think the other thing comes down to how we are spending money and what our consumer communications are actually communicating and that can be -- a consumer communication can be a packaging change, a consumer communication can be an improved representation of the brand and advertising, it can be a number of things. And so there can be conscious efforts generated by the brand owner to help their cause as well. I mean really for us, it really is just a preference to run the business the way we're doing it right now and in terms of the price volume mix. I mean, we just know -- we know mathematically that from a financial standpoint, the more it's used toward, at least in the short term, the more it skewed toward pricing, the more efficient, it produces profit.  However, I've always used this example of what I call consumption based brand equity in a business that is inherently social. I feel it's always important to make sure that consumers get to enjoy the products in our bottle and oftentimes they do that with other people, whether it is in their home or in a bar or restaurant and there's nothing like losing the momentum. We've seen it before, we saw it a little bit on Southern comfort. When you lose the momentum that it comes from people just consuming your product and so volumetric market share has to be looked at with great priority, not exclusively, but it has to be looked at a great priority and this is one of those times where we feel like it really is important, particularly given what we've gotten in the bottle.  I just feel like reinforcing the quality of our products right now through consumption is in trial -- is really important for the company and I think it's one of the nice contributing factors to our performance right now. And in these results too, I just have sort of really enjoyed positive performances that we don't talk as much about these days because there's fewer questions but of our Jack Daniel's Tennessee fire injecting us Tennessee Honey brands where we could have and it was a conscious choice to treat those more like brands from the Jack Daniel’s trademark and family and not come out with a flavor every quarter, every year and because our people have been focused on developing them both through geographic expansion, but also reinforcing their product attributes and why they exist in consumer communications, I think it's having an impact of developing them more along the lines of brands than flavors.  So those are some of the things that I think can help and Jane has mentioned it a couple of times. I think, we are very fortunate to be able to lean on volume at a time when you might not be getting as much benefit from price, but to have the higher end segments of our categories growing at exceptional rates, that gives us the equivalent of some pricing through portfolio mix. So right now, it's all working well for us, but it is subject to change. I agree and over the last ten years, I can probably identify -- bit of a roller coaster ride for the company as we emphasize volume over price at one point and price over volume at another and so we tried to measure it over the span of maybe 10 years.
Jane Morreau: Sure. So Vivien, we’ve been at this for, I think, we entered our sixth year of investment this year of stepped up capital. We've done a number of things just as a reminder of what we've done over the period of time, some of our major investments was add another coupe reach. It was to add another distillery of Jack Daniel’s, of course, numerous warehouses that have been expanded and put up at both Jack Daniel’s and Woodford Reserve and this is all in light of what we see as the continued long term viability of this business and sustainability of the growth that we see, so we’re very optimistic and robust about that as we look ahead.  This year, we had a forecast or a forecast in somewhere I would say in the $120 million to $130 million of CapEx. I would expect next year to still be another stepped up year. And we would expect things to then come down a bit from there to get more in line with our historical rate of spending as it relates to revenue, not obviously going back to the dollar amount levels that we had prior to our stepped up level. So think of it more in the 2.5% to 3% of revenue. We’ve got a number of investments we are finalizing this year that we're really excited about, one of them being our new distillery over in Ireland, Slane -- Slane Irish whiskey brand.  We just opened that distillery at the end of August. It's still open to guests, we’re still officially working on everything around it and we’ve got the Old Forester distillery in home place that we’re looking to open in the spring and early summer next year. So a lot of excitement, a lot of momentum that we see ahead for us, but I think you can see that we’ll be closing out and coming down on our CapEx as we look ahead, maybe to about 2020.
Jane Morreau: Just building on what Paul said, because he reminded me of -- you did ask about barrel whiskey and you will notice that barrel whiskey has -- the investment behind it has continued to increase rather significantly over the past few years. You've got to pull out different things and realize that a big piece of that was just acquiring the Scotch brands. But again, it's important to remember, we've got to be laying down today for what we see in four, five, six years from now and again that reflects the robustness and the optimism that we see in the long term growth trajectory. So you won’t -- you will continue to see us increase barrel whiskey because that's going to -- part of what our optimism is all about.
Jane Morreau: Let me talk about rye, just as a reminder, we did started shipping our rye in September. So the impact on the US results was very small in the quarter and for the whole company. So I would not say that that's what's driving the increase in our top line growth rate from 5% to 6%. What we see there is really pretty broad based growth across the portfolio, the upper end are our premium, super premium, bourbons are doing extremely well, think of Woodford Reserve in its various expressions from oaked and rye are growing quite nicely to that and take away trends, most recent trends were up 20%, 30% -- 40% depending on which expression you're talking about.  Our Old Forester brands where we're focusing not only on the Old Forester main brand, but we're seeing an acceleration in the top line growth on some of our new expressions, which is all contributing to the mix benefit that we're getting from these part of -- both from the higher end Woodford Reserve and Old Forester. And importantly, the tequilas are doing quite nicely in the US, are up well over double digits and the overall category is growing nicely. So I think if you look at the US business, it's really more organically from those parts of our portfolio. Jack Daniel’s is still growing, maybe not at the rates that it has in the past, but it's still contributing nicely. So, in the quarter, what you saw is the growth rate and what you're seeing now is more from the very broad based and upper end expressions that were really strongly.
Jane Morreau: Now, Laurent, I thought I would follow up just with one more question that you were asking as it related to our inventory levels, because it did benefit our reported results, you saw our reported results up stripping our underlying results at the top line and that is US based on a reported basis that we expect to give back some in the back half of the year. It’s not really -- a very tiny bit of that is rye. Paul said, yes, shipments are outpacing our depletion, but in terms of the amount of top line benefit that we got from our net inventory level being up a bit was not due to rye. I just wanted to clarify that and just -- again just remind you as we said in our script today that we do expect some -- by the end of the year, we will be back more in balance from what we had said at the beginning of the year, maybe a point of growth if you will, the time we get to the end of the year due to inventory levels.
Jane Morreau: Yeah. So, Judy, there are -- like you said, there's so many elements of this that are still outstanding and we're looking for it and welcome, hope of it that this get passed us at some point. For us, I think it will finally level the playing field with many of our competitors that have a much lower tax rate. In terms of how if this comes about and if we have a lower tax rate could produce higher cash, as you’re suggesting, I don't think it changes our approach to capital allocation that we've been so thoughtful doing for a number of years.  And so again, we'll look at all the things -- levers that we have available to us, make sure we’re investing fully behind the business, which we think we are at this point, given our, not only the expected increase in our spending for this year, relative to sales growth, but just our CapEx levels of spending, but we’ll step back and look at it all. As this becomes more clear, we’ll be able to communicate to everyone here more, transparently in terms of what this impact may mean to us and how we will potentially use this cash as we go forward.
Jane Morreau: Robert, this is Jane. So used barrel sales actually had -- I think that's a little bit less than a half a point impact on our top line results. It's not included in our US business. We separately talk about it as its own line item. So when we go through our various geographic areas, it provides you tables. It’s not in our US numbers.
Jane Morreau: I don't have that in front of me right now, Tim, but I'll be happy to follow up with you after the call. We said our overall effective tax rate for the year was going to be a little bit under 28%. I think if you'll go back and look at last year's, each of our occasion, our 10-Q and 10-Ks, you will see our cash tax rate at the bottom of that. So I would -- utilize that information and get yourself, but we can walk you through that aspect to help you off line, if that's okay.
Jane Morreau: Okay. I've heard the first part of your question. So, we went through all the various growth rates, but essentially, the acceleration in our growth rate and this is why we're referring to the second half being a little bit more difficult came from emerging markets largely, a little bit from barrels, but primarily that acceleration came from emerging markets. Some of that was timing, some of that was just improving momentum in the business and that's why we gave you some insight into the visibility of our normalized trend.
Jane Morreau: Yes. So, it may or may not in terms of the emerging markets and I think we're looking at putting incremental investments in the back half of the year. We started talking about some of that, some of it’s just feeding the new brands that we have out there, Slanes and the Scotch brands. Some of it is to continue to fuel the momentum that we've seen on our tequilas as well as our premium bourbon and we've seen nice growth and we've accelerated our investment behind both Woodford Reserve and Gentleman Jack and we've seen results accelerate correspondingly. And then of course we will split it behind Jack Daniel’s and Jack Daniel’s emerging markets would benefit from that piece of it.
Jane Morreau: And just to build on what Paul said obviously, the boom bust thing, when we look at our opportunity in emerging markets with American whiskey and things like that, just the knowledge of what’s out there in the social economic place that consumers are there, the demographics, all those things, even if you're thinking boom bust US, there's still tremendous opportunities outside the US as it relates to whiskey and that’s the plot we need to be laying down today.
