Jane C. Morreau: Yes, Vivien. I think the way I would look at that – if you looked at our first quarter trends, I think they were a little bit softer, you're right. Q2 was a little bit stronger and Q3 is a little bit down versus Q2, but I think it's all relative to last year. So really, if you look at where we were through the first half, we were at 2%, we're still at 2%. So I don't really see a slowdown. I think it's really – can't really look at one quarter in isolation. If you will, in fact, I see improving trend, particularly in the U.S., we experienced some nice acceleration there. So I think a lot of what you're seeing is simply a difficult comps that I was referring to in my script and we also alluded to in our earnings release as it related to some buy-ins last year in Poland. But we are not seeing – I don't view it as a slowdown. You're going to see these one-off things happening when you look at quarter-to-quarters.
Jane C. Morreau: Yes. So, just to reiterate how encouraged we are about what we are seeing and how excited our people are, the trade is and the consumer wanting and excited about seeing a super-premium cinnamon brand expression from Jack Daniel's. So, you're right, we did talk about the early test markets back at our investor conference. We are not seeing a slowing. We have continued to see somewhere in the 130% to 140% indexing. So, we've not seen it slow down, if you will. It's maintained and we're very encouraged by that. With that being said, these are uncharted waters for us a bit, given that it is a higher price offering versus what the category price point is that already exists. But nonetheless, we're very excited. We just started shipping our first cases out a couple weeks ago to the remaining 42 states, as I've said earlier. So, time will tell, but we're very, I think, very positioned well.
Jane C. Morreau: I think the latest NAFTA information through January indicated that the on-premise trends continue to accelerate, both overall spirits is up and Brown-Forman we're leading the overall spirits. So, Jack Daniel's itself continues to improve as well. I think we're up about 2% in the on-premise. It's up a point, about 0.5 point over the prior month, so we continuously since about last March or April have seen a continued improvement in overall trends in the on-premise, and it's impacted favorably our brands. I will say when I look at our brands, Old Forester is our fastest-growing on-premise brand by a long shot, but we've got a lot of other brands that are growing quite nicely in the on-premise too. Woodford Reserve, el Jimador, they're growing very, very strongly. Gentleman Jack is doing well. So the trends are improving. We'll see what kind of weather you guys are predicting there today, but we're predicting more snow here today. So, remember, last year the winter was quite bad. And I know the month of February has been dicey around United States. But we think we've got a couple more months of soft comps depending again how the weather goes over the next couple months.
Jane C. Morreau: Okay. I'll follow up on your housekeeping questions. Let' see. I see France and Poland as two different things. The reason why we illustrated France for you was because it impacted our third quarter only reported results. So we're providing a reconciliation understanding between reported and underlying. So, with the reported aspect, Poland on the other hand has been something that has hurt us all 2014, following the excessive or huge significant tax increase taken last January 1. And as a result of that, it's been a market that has impacted our comparisons all year long, and we do expect easier comps as we go into the fourth quarter. That's a impact on our underlying results and that's why I isolated Poland as it related to our discussion. I hope that helps.
Jane C. Morreau: No. No. And again, one was on a reported basis and one is an underlying. France did not impact our underlying results.
Jane C. Morreau: The impact on our underlying full-year impact is less than a 0.5 point, as I recall, less than that.
Jane C. Morreau: The only thing that I would say, as I've been trying to explain as we've talked the last two quarters about, transactional and translational FX, so the translational being attributable to our translating our foreign denominated net current assets back to the U.S. dollars. Assuming the spot rates stay where they are today, we had a pretty significant impact. I talked about I think it was $22 million, $23 million that's showing up in other income and expense line item. I would consider that one-time in nature, if you will, if the spot rates stay where they are. So that would not repeat itself next year, if you're thinking about hits of FX from this year. So that would be a favorable comparison, if you will, next year.
Jane C. Morreau: In terms of just how we hedge, and I think we've discussed that before our hedging philosophy and how we roll in our hedges actually over time.
Jane C. Morreau: Yeah. Actually, Bryan, that's a great question, and what we were referring – what we said was with the back half, not – we weren't giving quarterly guidance, so we were saying we were expecting the back half to not – to go down, if you will, or to change. So, I think, the third quarter was largely in line with what we expected. We knew we were going to have difficult top-line comparisons to last year where we had a really strong third quarter, growing top-line 8%. So, our comment was more as it related to the back half.
Jane C. Morreau: Yeah. So, we have – as I discussed a little bit earlier, mainly it was all around the U.S. but we do continue to see on-premise trends for our brands continuing, growing in the low single digit. So overall, we do think there has been – if you look back in when this deceleration began, there seems to be a correlation between when gas prices started going down. So, people perhaps, having a few extra pennies in their pockets to buy this affordable luxury, if you will. As it relates to travel retail business, we've actually had mixed results there, I think. We're seeing parts of the world doing very well, but places over in Europe, largely around Russia, our European operations because of the disruption going on in that part of the world and the number of consumers from Russia actually is a large percentage that actually purchase in the European market has been a little bit lighter than we would have had hoped for. And so, but we have seen good at certain parts – certain travel retail markets around the world, and I hope, that due to gas prices, and more affordable. But it's hard to say, I'd tell you, with FX and where people are coming from and how that may be way more than offsetting gas prices other than the consumers in the U.S., I think, is probably a larger trend to pay attention to.
Jane C. Morreau: I can talk about Russia real quick. We are pleased with Russia in terms of the total (45:57) – they're doing pretty well. There, we had a net sales growth of around 6% I think, year-to-date through nine months versus being hurt by the devaluation of ruble. But specifically, as it relates to our ability to sell our products and reach the consumers, and have things been up there, if you will, we're very encouraged by what we've seen and so, like we're able to sell our product in the marketplace at this point in time.
Jane C. Morreau: Okay. So, we are spending with fourth quarter – as you know, we're at 4% year-to-date underlying increase in net sales. We are going to expand to launch the brand quite nicely in the fourth quarter. So I would expect that number to pick up a little bit from where we are on a year-to-date basis for the – so, by the end of the year, the number will be more than 4%. I hope that answers that question. And then your other question is around competitors. And I can't really answer all the questions there in terms of what they're doing. They definitely – it varies by market, varies by brand...
Jane C. Morreau: So, to talk about emerging markets, firstly, I think, I must step back for a moment. Because FX is hurting us, it doesn't necessarily mean that we're going to take the price up to the consumer and the market. So it's something that we look at on a market by market basis. So I wanted to make sure that that was clear, we aren't going to jerk our prices up and down as FX goes up and down.
Jane C. Morreau: No. Russia is an unusual one because this has been so significant for sure. Again, we look at these on a case by case basis and we have already went through a price increase there. And talk about buy-ins and stuff to move our needle, there hasn't been anything to move the needle that would warrant you to put something in your model as a place to (56:38) that.
Jane C. Morreau: So it will result in our reported numbers from underlying because we – I said, we will be up on an underlying basis in the teens. And I'm saying, we won't be up strongly on a reported basis. That's what I was implying because of FX.
Paul C. Varga - Co: Yes. I mean the trade reaction so far is, if anything, because there was some pent-up demand. I'd say the national rollout is being received with as much or even more enthusiasm as the original test markets were. And the thing that's so interesting when you go national is your ability to use things like media, the ability for social media to help you, I mean, this brand – I would give you one sort of that I thought was an interesting thing I heard in the last month on this that the Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire Twitter followers have already eclipsed the Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey followers. And so while it's too early to know how the actual consumer acceptance in terms of real purchases in the marketplace will unfold, what we've seen so far both at trade and consumer on this is really encouraging.
Paul C. Varga - Co: Sure. And those are, of course, U.S. comments. We don't have as great a visibility and timeliness on international on-premise. But it's been our experience here that with the places where these economies have been difficult, the on-premise along with some of the off-premise has continued to show some weakness. But I would say that even though the on-premise is improving, the strength, particularly of this U.S. off-premise environment as spirit brands and I'll say premium spirit brands are very much affordable luxury still. And so if you just compare for drink the outlay by the consumer for either a bottle of Jack Daniel's or Woodford Reserve as compared to many other entertainment alternatives stacks up quite nice. So, I think the off-premise continues to really driving the U.S. market and not to diminish the impact of a recovering on-premise. But, at least our read of the last 12 months of U.S. distilled spirit sales, driven in great part by our core category bourbon and American whiskey has upticked a little bit.
Paul C. Varga - Co: Sure. I'll tackle that while Jane considers your first question here. Yes, these are always tradeoffs, to be a single-point producer in the United States at the time of a strengthening dollar, yes, I mean it's all these tradeoffs. I will tell you it's better to be positioned at the very high end of a market versus low end when that's happening because proportionately the FX impact is less on your profits. And so I feel like net-net when you balance it all out, the efficiencies – and we've been well-served over these years – by the single point production and efficiency and, frankly, also just the importance of that home place and the imported status that's conferred to Jack Daniel's as an imported American whiskey when it leaves the shores of the United States have all been very important to the brand's development over the years. So I think there's both efficiency reasons but you asked the question if there are also some marketing ones. I do think there are things that are implied in some ways even more indirectly than directly as the dollar strengthens. I mean I think the most significant is, at least the way I think about it, and there might be a big rationalization here. But if you think about why the U.S. dollar has been strengthening, one of the contributing factors is the strength of the U.S. economy relative to other countries. And the way I look at it, we happen to have the good fortune of having, that's our largest country. It's the most valuable distilled spirits market in the world. It's our home country, which we know very well. And it also happens within our industry to be one of the most exciting times for our core category. So I know this might be a very simplistic way of thinking, but the way I think about it is, as it relates to things – everything is resource allocation or innovation or the way that we think about developing our business at the time when the U.S. dollar is strong is make sure you're maximizing the opportunities available to you in the United States market is one thing. And so that's one of the ways in this past year we certainly have upped our investment behind Jack Daniel's. You've heard us talk about the introduction here of Tennessee Fire, which is an innovative effort. I emphasized very strongly here the ultra-premium whiskeys, which have the predominant presence for them. The largest market in each one of those cases is the United States. So, I think it's a reminder to all of us, as Brown-Forman's managers, to really make sure you're doing the best possible job you can and the market's attractive that is in some ways causing the dollar to strengthen. And that's different than – I mean it's certainly – if you're a U.S.-based company, it's a wonderful time to either be making acquisitions in Europe or to be borrowing in European denominations, those kinds of things, but those alone aren't a reason to go do it. They increased, I think, the benefits of timing as you think about it. But I think the biggest takeaway is for us is to make sure we're doing the best possible job in the United States.
Paul C. Varga - Co: Yes. And the impact in France that we've highlighted, I think if I've got it right, would be larger than the direct impact that you were citing for the underlying in Poland, don't you think. I think as it relates to – even though one is an underlying and one is in the reported that there was a significant – in terms of estimated net change and distributor inventories, there was a six-point quarterly impact on France. And I don't know, the Poland impact was six points at the underlying.
Paul C. Varga - Co: But we always have the trading pace. But as it relates to what we're guiding today, yes. So, and then, Judy, I think the other question you had there was what are the components that give us the confidence, and you cited all of them. I'll just comment in a general way. The biggest thing are these soft comps that relate to, for example, Poland and Europe that we feel that where in Q4 last year that we do expect and would, as part of our guidance for the United States to continue to accelerate along the lines of what we've been saying. So not only is the industry and the category, but also our business has been accelerating. So, it's with that expectations that'll continue through the fourth quarter. And we think we've got the right sort of I think investments in programming and system effort around that to accomplish what we want. And then you mentioned the other one, which is Tennessee Fire. And then Tennessee Fire, in addition, which is – this is the U.S. comment. Its introduction to the United States on a national level is the other contributing factor that we would be incorporating into that acceleration. So those are the main three components that would be soft comps, U.S. acceleration with some Tennessee Fire on top of it. You also asked, would that create any inventory things, and the only inventory things and I think Jane might've highlighted a little bit would be on Tennessee Fire pipeline because you will shift some in, of course, on a national launch in advance of the depletion. And so there might be a little there, but otherwise we're expecting inventories to largely be in balance at the end of the year.
Paul C. Varga - Co: I mean you can find a few of the places around the world, we would've hoped for more, but actually I think the U.S. actually surprised us on the upside a little bit from that point of view. So, but I think we're sticking to what we basically said back in – at the Q2 call as it relates to the back half.
Paul C. Varga - Co: Yeah. As it relates to the U.S. market, I don't – I mean, I don't have any specific data on this, but I do know anecdotally that we might even have stronger on-premise U.S. numbers, if particularly European tourism wasn't being hit by the strong dollar. I mean, actually, we've heard restaurants and we know from hotels and places like that that they're not as buoyant as they were six months or eight months ago. So, I mean, those are – all these things have offsets to each other as you go around the world for Brown-Forman. It's one of the benefits that we accrue from having such nice geographic diversity. But I think net-net for our business around the world, low gas prices are a help net-net and of course, they should be a help over – if they – particularly if they stayed down for quite some time, they would be a help too you'd expect in like fuel costs and energy and things like that make their way in. And – but on the flip side, what ends up happening is for a company like us, you end up having negative foreign exchange impact with it. So, these things offset each other in some ways, partially or not. But I will say this, we do spend some time looking at what foreign exchange rate indices look like. And I mean, I would note that I think the last time we looked at it, the current index is, the dollar is stronger than its sort of 20-year average and it always fluctuates above and below that average, of course. But this would be a particular time of strength. So, for those who are thinking about how much more will this run or how long, if you believe history at all, the U.S. dollar is at a stronger point than its historical index would indicate.
Paul C. Varga - Co: Yeah, Ian. And I think you are correct in your recall of our interest particularly I'd say in the – at the ultra-premium, super premium-plus segments of those particular categories. And I mean no real news to update you on other than to say we remain as excited about that as we study those marketplaces, and the continuing development of them. I mean, it's only been a couple months since we saw you in December, so I would say this, the only thing that might change is for a U.S.-based company, if you can find attractive properties in either one of those, it's even more attractive because of the currency, as I mentioned. And the detail probably from that initial comment that we really think and – I highlighted American whiskey, but we really think the premium end of whiskey is a very attractive place to play. I mean amongst the most that you can really find at, to be quite honest with you, not only within our industry, I just think it is an enormously attractive and valuable business, when you contrast it to many other industries. So, if you want to find the most attractive, then advisable investments you can make there, so we're scanning that as we – as you would expect us to.
Paul C. Varga - Co: We had some administrative labeling things in a particular region of Russia that temporarily disrupted our sales into accounts there on Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey.
Paul C. Varga - Co: And it was, what was that? So, it was a very small part of Brown-Forman's total Russia business. And there's been some – I think, some generally positive administrative developments on that front. So, I would say things as it relates to type of larger question on Russia for us is just the impact of all of this on their economy, more so than what we would declare as any kind of administrative problems or trade restrictions or those kinds of things. It's really right now more of the impact on the economy.
Paul C. Varga - Co: And if I looked at a weighted average of our competition, we sometimes do try to study the difference between maybe their sales growth rate and their operating income growth rate as they guide. It looks to me like they – because they're – most of the industry, when you look at it, is growing at very low organic growth rate. And then when you translate to at least the way they're guiding as an operating income or EBITDA growth rate, it might be just a little bit higher, so it would appear to me that somewhere, I can't be specific to advertising, but somewhere between advertising and SG&A investment, they might be getting a point or may be 0.2 of leverage from whatever their reported – or whatever they are getting on sales. So a little bit of leverage but I can't imagine that people are in very strong investment mode or else it'll be showing up with a diminishment to operating income versus an increase. And so now, if you think about us, our fiscal year-to-date results are we've got 5% underlying growth rate and to-date it's 7% operating income growth, it's about two points of leverage between sales and operating income which is a little less than in some years in the past because we've been investing particularly in its brands rollout of the company over the last year. But that's in a way we're sort of guiding for the end of the fiscal year. That relationship sort of stays the same as you – even though we've got the soft comp and we expect a strong Q4, the relationship stays the same. So it would be my guess that we're investing today at the operating investment line ahead of most of the competition based on what I see from their numbers versus ours.
Paul C. Varga - Co: Yeah. And remember we look not only at what the currency is doing in those instances, but you really are also looking at what your competition in the marketplace is doing.
Paul C. Varga - Co: As you can imagine, that's a pretty dynamic consideration. But it's rare for us, I mean it's sort of rare for the currency to move like this rapidly as it has in Russia. But it's unusual for us, as Jane was citing, for us to start to make pricing moves based particularly on more moderate fluctuations in currency. And then your second question related to Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire pricing philosophy.
Paul C. Varga - Co: It all depends on how you define advertising. I would say that they have an enormous presence in social media and I, today, I consider that very much advertising. So, I mean, if you're talking about television advertising on cable networks or whatever, I haven't observed any. But to the gist of your question, I think first and foremost, we priced Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire off of Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey. I mean, that is what's the foremost consideration and our price positioning for that, for a variety of what I consider to be very good reasons. Now, we're not ignorant of where the marketplace falls out in terms of pricing and volume metrics and all that, but we've really wanted to enter this category as the premium, also in this case super premium entrant in the cinnamon-flavor segment. And I consider that to be a pretty important part of our marketing program and something that I know our people consider very important and they'll stick to. And so far, what we've seen in our experience on Tennessee Honey with this, where they are today, lower-priced competitors and have been is that those prices have held up very well. And just to let you know, we have no internal designs or ambitions to do anything volumetrically that would compromise that price. So, we're not sending some internal ambition to be the number one brand by volume or anything else. It's really to build a responsible business that's super-premium and this particular opportunity and to, along the way, be really responsible in the way we manage the Jack Daniel's trademark. And actually, I just think our people have demonstrated the capacity to do that so well that we really don't worry about it that much. The better thing for us to focus on is these early stages of distribution in creating the awareness. And I would tell you that I don't know – we're still sort of were planning how we'll communicate on behalf of Jack Daniel's Tennessee Fire over this first year of its national launch. But I would expect social media just because of the importance of it to the brand's target audience but also just Jack Daniel's prominence and as a trademark and social media would be very important, Tennessee Fire as well.
Paul C. Varga - Co: Okay. I mean, I guess I'll answer the second question first. As we said earlier in the call, we expect our inventories particularly if you exclude Fire at retail to be very much in line with our historical days of inventory around the globe. So no excessive building or diminishment either way. So I think it's a sort of normal course there. I would say on that point, I mean, it's always a swing factor as to how well received in the first sort of 60 days here. So Tennessee Fire's national launch, how much – just not only distribution, we expect that to be pretty rapid because the trade enthusiasm is so high, but also, then, it always comes down to how much display activity and promotional activity you get around that. So you hope for a nice piece of that and you would expect that the enthusiasm to convert to that, but that's a harder one for us to predict as it relates to what the April 30 retail inventories will be on really new brands. So I hope that helps you understand how to approach this.
Paul C. Varga - Co: I mean going forward – I mean, look, I think here's the way we've been and we talked about this over the last couple of years. I mean, I really feel like we've been at a significant level of reinvestment in the business over the last 36 months and it has come in three forms really. It's been A&P, what I would consider to be because our results have warranted it, and the A&P in fact is supported, have been ahead of our competition. And in some instances, you always have pockets where you have an opportunity to invest more, one example being the Jack Daniel's Black Label this past year in the United States, we upped our investment there. So, there's always pockets, and we were also at the same time, and I would highlight this last 18 months or so as it relates to France and the investment in route-to-market and before that, we were investing in Germany and Turkey and all kinds of places, we were adding at the SG&A line and the third area which isn't showing up in the as much right now is the capital investments we've been making to get the company ready for the growth we foresee out many, many years into the future. And those have been investments at Woodford, Jack Daniel's, prior to that even at Sonoma-Cutrer. So, we've had a string of capital investments that's been continuing most significantly, Cooperage as well as we're one of the only barrel operator – manufacturers and operators. So, there's not a wave here of investment and still with that, we've been able to get nice leverage across the many years. And so, I continue to expect – I really do feel like we're at a point where, particularly some of the SG&A, that we can start to leverage some of the investments we've made and particularly, the route to market around the world. I mean, I have, over long periods of time, liked to see generally A&P that it doesn't, I'm not worried about it in one particular quarter or year per se to track along with sales. And I just think it's a nice thing. It all depends on the brand building model and I do think social media will make it more efficient, not less efficient to actually invest over time. But I would expect, after many, many years of very systematic and continuous investment that the company should still be able from sales to operating income to be able to get a little leverage. I mean, there were times in our history, I mean, I know way back, where there was very little leverage. It was up and down the P&L the same number, and in terms of growth rate. But I really do feel like this will vary by what time you're operating in too and how the economies are and everything else. But as we stand right now, I mean, I think we cited we are at 5% growth right now converted to 7% and investing nicely behind the business. And we see that elevating by yearend because of the soft comps and the things we've cited. But as you go out, I feel like we would be gaining share of voice with mid-single-digit even growth rates in A&P compared to our competition right now and that's my take.
Paul C. Varga - Co: You absolutely can make the opposite argument depending upon how you approach it. But I'll use the example here. And we do know, look, with aged product, a dollar of pricing is more valuable mathematically if you look at it than perhaps a dollar of volume. But in an expanding category where people are fighting for consumption occasions and consumers, you don't want to lose some of these consumers because we have found people who adopt and fall in love with the brand, will actually continue some of that consumption. And so, it can be more costly later to try to get it but I'd give you the example of, here we've got a Woodford Reserve, just take that as an example. And let's say you, the brand is growing 25% or 30%, I guess we could consider that just taking your example to – a specific thing to consider here is I guess, we could take our prices up on Woodford Reserve, 10% or 12% and deliver the same dollars through a lower growth rate. I mean, you could do the math on that. But I feel like for brands at an early stage of development, introducing the brand because you're still at relatively low levels of awareness and adoption, to introduce the brand to consumers and at lower prices, not that we're lowering price, I mean, even at 25% or 30% growth rate, we might be taking 2% or 3% price increase. So it's not like we're not taking pricing. It's just that you're delivering – the volumetrics are a reflection of the adoption of consumerism around the brand. And if you've already started that in this case with Woodford an ultra-premium price position, I mean, if you had a significant shortage in your stocks or something, sure you could do a supply-demand trade-off there and you might find yourself in those circumstances if your forecast weren't particularly accurate but that's not the case with us. And so, I mean, I think introducing 30% more occasions or consumers to the base of Woodford Reserve is today on balance better than asking the current base to pay 15% higher prices and only attracting 10% or 15% people. I mean, that's just a trade-off. You can definitely make the other argument, but at this stage of development, with its base of awareness and distribution on a brand like that, I would favor the way we're doing it.
Mark D. Swartzberg: Yes. Thanks. Good morning, everyone. Quick technical one on the quarter, and a few on the revenue outlook. On the quarter, did I hear you, Jane, say – I don't think I heard you right, are you saying FX you think that means the EPS will actually be down in the fourth quarter? And then like I said, I have a few revenue questions.
Mark D. Swartzberg: Right. Right. Okay. You didn't say reported down. Okay. Great. I just needed to clarify that. And then on the revenue outlook, I guess a few things. Firstly, Paul, with ad spend, it's lagging sales a bit year-to-date. Can you just update us on how that relationship you think looks for the full year and from a longer-term perspective? And then with the quarter itself, you're looking for pretty healthy acceleration, Fire is going to contribute to that, I think 9% is the minimum number to hit your full year rate of growth. Can you just talk about how you think about trade inventories in the U.S. specifically, what your attitude towards them potentially increasing is putting aside the effect of Fire? I guess those are my two revenue related questions.
Mark D. Swartzberg: It's a great comparison too. If I could, just one last one, your comments on U.S. pricing, I found very interesting because you enjoy premium positioning in your various brands versus your nearest competition, and you also enjoy volume momentum. So that seems to favor being more – seeking more rates of price rise not only to strengthen the long-term position of your brands but to kind of be – it's the time to do it, if you will, when volumes are doing well. Yet you're saying you want to have a comparatively higher focus on maintaining volume on that. Could you just talk a little bit about does it have to do with the inventory you've already got sort of ready to come on stream? Can you just talk a little bit about why you have that attitude, because it seems you could make the opposite argument for being more disciplined on price.
