Lawson Whiting: All right. Hi Kevin. Let me step back as kind of we knew this question was coming a little bit. I want to give you a little bit of a longer story of what has happened with the Jack Daniel’s family and then also the impact on the rest of the portfolio really over the last two years. So, if we go back to fiscal 2021, just a reminder to everyone, this is a global state, but not a U.S. I’ll get to the U.S. sort of towards the end. But just as we look back to fiscal 2021, so the year that ended April 30, 2021, Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey sales were down 4%, but Brown-Forman Corp was plus 6%. So this was the year obviously that Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey with its huge on-premise presence around the world went into decline. I mean, I think the good news or the positive news out of that or the positive takeaway out of that was that Brown-Forman has now got enough legs under the stool that when Tennessee whiskey struggled a little bit, the company can deliver a plus 6%. So we felt pretty good about that. Now moving forward. Now moving into fiscal 2022, the on-premise business in the U.S. really started to come back in a stronger way sort of late spring, early summer and Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey came with that and had a very, very strong start to the fiscal year as you mentioned. But then at the same time as that is happening, the supply chain problems creep into our situation really in late spring, early summer and Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey was the first to really feel it. And so we drew down inventories at the beginning of the year, really throughout the entire supply chain on a global basis, but eventually that started to hit us harder. We started to have out of stock problems later in that kind of late summer, early fall. And we had to make some tough decisions. And so what we did was prioritized, this was sort of, I’ll say, August timeframe, August, September timeframe, where we said we have to keep Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey moving and healthy, particularly as the on-premise is reopening again. So the glass really got prioritized for Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey and you’ve seen pretty good performance out of the brand throughout even I think through the first half and feeling pretty confident in the outlook even in the second half. But what happened with that that has been so difficult was, in particular, the Jack Daniel’s Flavors in the U.S., Gentleman Jack globally, Woodford which is primarily the U.S. brand also felt it, even Old Forester felt it. So, we began to – those brands all began to soften in really September-October timeframe. And so a lot of you all that are looking at say NABCA data or Nielsen data that's coming through in that September-October timeframe, especially as I said on the Flavors. If you look at Schedule B in the earnings release, it has the distributor inventory column. You can see the difference between reported and underlying there and you can see the huge numbers on there as we’ve really taken down inventories, particularly in the United States and we fought off these out of stock problems. Now that – it's a long way of getting around to saying this or getting an important point across, the situation is improving now. We do believe the worst is behind us, but it has been a challenging difficult situation in the last few months, particularly if you take a brand like Woodford just as an example or even Gentleman Jack, the consumer momentum behind those brands is so strong that to have out of stocks just absolutely makes life very difficult and our commercial teams obviously are very frustrated with that whole situation. But as are the production teams and everywhere else, it is a massive effort inside the company to try to mitigate these challenges as best we can and we’re doing it. And as I say, I think it’s behind us, so you’ll start to see improved numbers, takeaway numbers going forward, particularly in the U.S. An important point to make in all that is all this is inside the guidance that we gave. So, we were able to raise sales guidance even after fighting through all these problems. So thank you for listening to me that was a long answer to that, but I wanted to – we needed to kind of get that out there before we get through the rest of this call, I think, because it affects everything.
Lawson Whiting: I mean, if I’m honest, it’s been too soon to see anything, particularly in November. It’s just not impacting results right now in the on-premise, you all have seen the numbers. The on-premise numbers are actually pretty good in the United States these days. It’s not absolutely fine, but we have not seen degradation. I mean, I think – I don’t think, well, I’d be guessing. I don’t think the Omicron is having a big of an effect is really. I mean, I think the restaurants and the labor shortage and all the other challenges that the on-premise world is having that we’ve all experienced. I’m sure if you go out to dinner is having a bigger limiting impact on the on-premise really than variants on.
Lawson Whiting: Did that math – did you follow the math that we just – it just doesn’t affect much in this fiscal year largely because of the inventory that we got a March through before and so you know you’re only getting a month or a couple of months’ worth of benefit.
Lawson Whiting: Yes, I mean – hi, Vivien. The supply chain impact on pricing I actually would call that relatively minimal. What we’ve been talking about, I think, in the last couple of quarters and I’ll bring it up again now is just as you mentioned, there hasn’t been a lot of pricing really, not only in the U.S. but globally in the world of spirits over the last really decade and we want to see more balance to that for sure both within volume and price. And so, I mean, I think as you’ve heard us talk about before, we’ve put a lot of money into people and into systems and really trying to grow our capabilities in revenue growth management and those become part of the story as to how we intend on getting our price up. In some cases, it just taken a frontline price increase to sort – so it’s sort of all-in with all the tools that we have. I mean, I think given the inflationary environment that we’re in right now, that we’re all seeing, it would certainly be a missed opportunity if we didn’t take price right now and so we are doing it. You’re not really seeing it in the numbers yet, it’s just – that’s just a timing thing. I think you’ll start to see it come through as we get into the latter half of this year and into next summer. And really trying to change the mentality even within the company to focus on value share, focus really on our super premium brands, make sure our innovation pipeline, all those things all add up together to try to get a better price mix balance and everything that we do. So, yes, so, I mean it is a bit of a mindset difference I think within the company that just really hasn’t been there as you – as I said for eight or 10 years.
Lawson Whiting: Okay. So let me, I’ll take the beginning of it the impact in here. So, in terms of supply chain and how it’s impacting Christmas, I mean, it’s clearly it’s impacting right now. As I said, we have some out of stock problems in the U.S. that are uncomfortable and that we are trying to plug right now. We’re all working very hard to have that happen. Outside of the United States, the supply chain problems are not quite as severe, largely because they are Tennessee Whiskey led as opposed to the rest of the portfolio. And we’ve been able to supply those markets earlier on when we were tight. So it’s not really a Christmas, we’re not – so we’re not worried, but we’re less concerned about the international supply chain challenges right now. It is really a U.S. thing that needs to catch up. Look, there’s going to be some lost sales. We’ve said we’ve included it in the guidance, but clearly it is pinching us this year. The question is madly trying to get cases out-of-the-shelf right now. I mean, it’s – look it’s December rate and whatever it is, some of that, if you’re not there by now, you’re probably not going to get there, but I do think it will have some benefit though in the year-to-go period too. I mean so much going on in this year-to-go period as the comps get very, very difficult in Q4, but there’s also going to be some offset as we replenish distributors and retailers in the U.S. and really around the world also. So we’ll see, we gave the best guess we did in the guidance that we gave.
Lawson Whiting: Yes, airfreighting cases of Jack Daniel’s into Europe is never that’s expensive. So that’s one of the things you’re seeing in the recent gross margin expectations. If we – we wanted that to be better at this stage. We did not expect we were going to be air shipping as much as we have. Thankfully, this is a carnival one-time thing and it’s going to get better in the year-to-go period. We won’t be in the place where we need to airship. I think we’re pretty much already past that now.
Lawson Whiting: I mean it’s – that’s very difficult to estimate in terms of out of stock on the retail shelf because the data is just – I mean it’s pretty tough to be able to get to that data. So, I actually don’t really know I – and this is a bit anecdotal. But we know every – that many competitors are having some of the same challenges that we are. I would, the one place you can look that I think it was interesting was about two months ago, the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board published a list of all the brands that they had that they were going to limit to purchases of only two bottles and Jack was one of them, but as we’re – it was – it’s really the big brands, small brands don’t. I mean, they’re smaller, they don’t have – they’re not going to run out as fast or not turning as fast and so we were able to point – pinpoint while the big brands that we compete with a lot of them are all having the same problems that we are. I know it doesn’t perfectly answer your question, but...
Lawson Whiting: Well, I’d like too. I think what is – and really in the short term, I didn’t say this previous caller asked the question, but I mean there has been a reduction in discounting or promotional levels really, I mean, I think globally over the last few months and there’s no reason to put something on promotion if you’re edging on to having an out-of-stock problem and so that’s been the shortest term impact. But I mean a longer term have we reeducated the consumer a little bit. I think it probably is too early to make that call. But I do think that, look, I mean there is inflation and there is pricing coming through on so many consumer categories right now that consumers aren’t really going to have an option. I mean, I think, as so many of the brands and we expect to see the industry and we’ve heard comments from – even from other competitors that now is the time to rebalance a little bit the volume and the value trends.
Lawson Whiting: Yes, I mean, you bring up what I think is one of the more – most important sort of things that’s happening these days that we’re trying to measure and I’m sure you are too and that’s really is the U.S. spirits market, is it adding stepped up growth rate? It certainly was, as you mentioned for sort of the 12 months, the first 12 months of the pandemic, but now we’re in the second, we’re closing out the second 12 months and the trends that we’re looking at are still very strong on a two – particularly I’m just staring in two-year stack, which I encourage everyone to do that as opposed to the one years because I think within Brown-Forman particularly on a one-year basis, you’re going to be looking – you kind of get apples and oranges mixed up because we did not fall nearly as far as our competitive set at the beginning of the pandemic. And so our comparisons are a little bit more difficult now. So that’s why we’re internally really focused on that – on the two-year stack. But if I look at NABCA data, I mean TDS is still up there in the sort of low double-digit range and it’s not slowing down. In fact, three months is better than 12. So, I mean, you’ve got some real strong trends in spirits. It seems like it’s retained its share gains that it made during the pandemic and just the question is how long can it hold it. I don’t expect double-digit growth necessarily to hold forever, but it’s a U.S. spirits market that used to be maybe a 4.5% or 5% growth market, is it 6% or 7% now. I think we’ll see as the next few months and quarters sort of go by. But right now, it feels pretty good.
Lawson Whiting: Well, I mean you look advertising is just got such a longer-term outlook than stimulating current quarter sales and I just – I probably wouldn’t go there. I mean we’re thinking more – I mean the algorithm or the guidance I think we’ve given around advertising expenses being largely in line with underlying sales is something not just for next quarter, but for the upcoming years. And so what – we are not thinking really we’re going to cut back based on the suppliers, the supply chain challenge.
Lawson Whiting: I mean, yes, part of revenue growth management, as you mentioned, we do – look the small sizes are big and profitable part of the business for us. I don’t know if you’re referring to the potential for the 750 to turn into a 700 in the U.S. that would be an opportunity. So, something like that could happen and I know a lot of people are looking at that right now. Yes, I don’t think…
Lawson Whiting: Yes, I mean, look I don’t know, I have not – I’m going to give you a little bit of a guess and the Jack Daniel’s franchise largely plays in pretty much all the sizes that you can legally sell in the United States. But the other brands have less of that. And so you could see a little bit more introducing, say on a Woodford, which is a much more expensive product, the smaller sizes of 375, for instance, those kind of things can be important or more important.
Leanne Cunningham: And then the only thing that I would add is over time to this last 20 months, our teams and our brands have figured out how to navigate through different levels of restrictions in different channels and we have figured out a way how to continue to get our brands in the hands of our consumers through it all.
Leanne Cunningham: Okay. So I’ll take that one and I’ll start with I think it’s great that you have the question out on the board on how we think about tariffs and the great news of three and a half years and that they have now been removed as of January 1. What is removed as of January 1 is the European Union portion of the tariffs. We continue to have tariffs on American whiskey brands for the United Kingdom. So with that, when you think about the information that we’ve put out previously, our European Union portion of that is approximately 80% and then where you think we are in the fiscal year that starts on January 1, which only leaves us four months of our fiscal year. We do have inventory in the markets that we have to work through. And then with the remaining months in our fiscal year not being the largest volume months then we don’t get like we said a modest positive impact in this fiscal year. And to your point on 2023, we are very excited about looking forward, but what for today and for what we need to be focused on is delivering to all of our shareholders the outlook that we just issued today, which is high single digits on both the top-line and the bottom line as we move forward. So, we’ve got to focus on delivering that, but as Lawson mentioned, we now are incredibly excited that this tailwind that has been a tailwind for – for this headwind that’s been a headwind for far too long is now turning into a tailwind.
Leanne Cunningham: And as it relates 2023, we generally give that guidance as we get into the fourth quarter of this fiscal year.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes. As we mentioned in our scripts, we do believe that our glass supply constraints are easing. We are moving more now into the position of replenishing the supply chain and getting the cases to the market through every mode of transportation that’s available to us to get our brands again in the consumers’ hands. So, as it relates to how we’re thinking about it for the full year, we have that full – we have everything that we can estimate built into our full year guidance and we have said flat to slightly down, but really it is – it’s really all sort of coming around – we’re getting closer to flat. But I do think it’s prudent that we can play slightly down in the inflationary environment that we’re in and we’re seeing inflationary cost as we mentioned on grains and aluminum and energy and even for some of our wood. So again, just to be prudent, we established that guidance last quarter. We continue to believe that is the guidance to give though with a small positive impact of tariffs we are moving back towards closer to flat.
Leanne Cunningham: We’re going to continue to invest, Vivien, where we see the opportunity for growth. And as you talk about the last four quarters and we’ve talked about this, and I know you understand it, it’s just the volatility of the actions that we took as we were entering into the pandemic, moved into the fiscal 2021 at a very slow pace with the cancellation of a lot of advance and sponsorships and concerts and – as they were closing down. And then as we got into the back half of the year, we started to invest much more heavily, so not only are we comping against kind of the easier comps in the first half of this year, we’re also investing it, I would call it the more – a more traditional seasonality balance across. But again with our top line growth, we are able to invest at a higher rate and we will put that back against the opportunities that we see and as Lawson mentioned with our strong growth that we are having in the U.S. on an underlying basis, of course, we’ll continue to focus on the U.S. But then to our emerging brand grades in the European division, when we look at just really the strong double-digit growth that they are creating, both from our super premium American Whiskey and our tequila brands actually, not – albeit on a smaller base that strong double-digit growth we are continuing to fuel the momentum there as well as our international markets, where we made adjustments in the early portions of the pandemic. Does that help.
Leanne Cunningham: And I’ll just add on, we talked about our risk mitigation teams and strategies and Lawson already mentioned that we took the glass supply that was available to us over these last few months and focused on prioritizing Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey and we also prioritized markets that had a longer supply chain with transit time, so as – and we took every mode of transportation to prioritize getting cases first of Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey over to our international markets knowing that in the U.S., we still had the months of November and some of December to get those cases produced and with a shorter supply chain hopefully still out to the market into the shelf.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes, I mean, at this point we are totally focused on working with all of our partners to continue to get all of the input materials that we need to navigate through the logistics challenges to get our inventory to the distributors. And then even at distributor levels around the world, they are also facing workforce challenges to get those cases to the market. So, there is a lot in the supply chain. I know you’re aware of that with others that you’re speaking with. But it’s just important for us right now to make sure that we are getting the cases extent that we can to the market and over the back half. And it will probably even a longer period of time than just the second half of our year to rebuild – to begin to fully replenish and rebuild our supply chain, but we are focused on getting those cases to the market first and rebuilding where we can.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes, and I think for us, the only thing we tried to do – we are seeing it a bit more clearly now. We did say it in the last quarter is we feel like for us we have an additional challenge with the extent that we had glass supply quantity and quality challenges. With that challenge, we had to utilize our finished goods inventory that we had stored in warehouses around the world to meet consumer demand while we were working with our partners to get a higher level of glass supply and so it’s just kind of net working through that gap in our supply chain. And so, I would say we went into logistics challenges created by the pandemic with lower inventory levels than likely some of our peers did. Again to Lawson point that is we don’t have their information. So it’s really hard to estimate that.
Leanne Cunningham: It’s the latter. It really is a transitory issue and as we are investing, I would say in extending partnerships broader across, those that do produce glass, so that we have a broader base to navigate any continued disruption that might be out there in the future. But from a capital allocation perspective, I think that it would be outside of our core competency and our best path forward is to just ensure that we have a broader network by which to source all of our materials.
Leanne Cunningham: You did. Yes, it could carry into the next fiscal year. But our ambition would be to get as much of that replenished before the end of the fiscal year, but we do believe it will take a bit longer period than that. You did hear that correctly.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes because we do believe that is temporary in nature. And then I would just add, we just celebrated our first year with the global Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey make it count campaign. We’re continuing to invest in expanding that across Gentleman Jack and the rest of the flavors. Again, we believe this is a long-term endeavor and we’re continuing to allocate – reallocate dollars to broad reach media to continue to reach to consumers, but the Lawson’s point, it’s going to – it’s building for the long term.
Leanne Cunningham: And one of the things, it also too like as Lawson said, it’s going to be about the brand and the brand specifically and where the consumer is. And if we have opportunity where the product sets in the store then it’s something that we would take a look at.
