Paul C. Varga: So thanks, Jane. You'll all be hearing, of course, a lot from Jane in ensuing months and I'm sure you'll enjoy getting to know her much more closely with us through speakerphone over the last many years. So, let me shift gears now. And of course, I want to publicly thank Don for his superb contributions to Brown-Forman's success over the last quarter century. Think about that: a quarter century. His leadership of the company's financial operations as CFO over the last 6 years really can be measured by just studying our results over that period. And as most of you will already know, they were very strong in both absolute and relative terms. Alongside the impressive quantity of our results, Don and his team have played the leadership role in ensuring Brown-Forman continued to have an equally high-quality of results. We have long enjoyed a reputation for financial transparency, integrity and responsibility and Don and his finance team have been highly capable stewards of that reputation over the last 6 years. Unlike many traditional CFOs, Don's path to the CFO role encompassed a wide variety of important assignments, ranging from leading the company strategy and corporate development functions to overseeing Brown-Forman's early emerging market operations. The impact of some of this work done earlier in his career can be seen in the results we're announcing today. Along the way, Don served on the company's highest level committees and councils for the better part of the last 15 to 20 years when we witnessed a smart and experienced executive who brought us deep, balanced and often unique insights about our business and our industry. On behalf of everyone at Brown-Forman, I want to simply say thank you to Don for his leadership and congratulations on the success he has enjoyed at Brown-Forman over these last 25 years. Don, I hope Brown-Forman will be a source of fond memories for you for many, many years to come. With that, let me now turn the call over to Don so that he, very appropriately, can discuss our company's excellent first-half results.
Paul C. Varga: I mean, the one effect -- the impact of these channels shifts, I think we've talked about it before is, for a consumer who may be worrying about their purchases and the affordability of spirits, it's just a fact that spirits by the drink in the on-premise are going to be more expensive than their traditional retail purchases. And so, we watch it closely because we're skewed so premium within the business that we want to make sure now, we have not seen an offset -- I mean our off-premise business continues to be very, very solid. And so the thing that you would look for in this on-premise, off-premise weaknesses, when you have a difficult on-premise environment, do they not consume you at all is the worry you would have and what we've been seeing over these last couple of years, yes, I mean if you're -- if the premium [ph] is, you can have some challenges but I've been pleased that when you shift back over to the off-premise and look at those results, that they're holding up pretty well.
Paul C. Varga: Yes. I mean just remember that this is one unique thing about our business, that for a bar to sell a bottle of Woodford Reserve to its completion, depending upon the outlet might cost the consumer in the aggregate $200 to $300. So it's a real value to get Woodford Reserve at $32 a bottle, when you think about it, if you're a loyal Woodford Reserve drinker.
Paul C. Varga: It wouldn't surprise me if our business, like a lot of businesses, would've been influenced by the government shutdown, the uncertainty that was created by that. Would people have watched how much they were dining out for a few weeks there perhaps, and that could have shown up in those numbers.
Paul C. Varga: Yes I don't -- I would categorize our RTD business, in addition with Don said, as I mean at a very, very low level of its potential development around the world. I mean, there have to be certain ingredients in place in the markets for us to seize the opportunity, most notably the great access to the marketplace through distribution. And that's the big thing. That does exist in Mexico and Australia for us in a great way. So we could actually get these products in distribution and service them. In a way, there has to be a consumer need for single-serve, which there is virtually everywhere. But we'd like to think of this as an opportunity to step into the single-serve with the convenience. Sometimes it's called the beer occasion. Not always. It's not always called that. And so we -- if we were take our total sales or our cases and divide it by the denominator of the marketplace size, it wouldn't even register, because our case volumes would be so small on a single-serve basis. So I really feel like it continues to be a great area of exploration and innovation for us. We have to be real careful with it. We have to do it very well, but I think a lot of markets over the next decade for Brown-Forman will see varying forms of what I hope are RTDs or maybe even these RTPs which is slightly different language we use for it, which are ready-to-pours, which would incorporate the Winter Jack. So that's what -- I think, the way we'd summarize your question related to RTDs. On travel retail, we've been doing very, very well. I think we've largely been outperforming that market but we needed to. We were really far behind in travel retail, if you go back 5 or 6 years ago. And made a conscious effort to step up our investment in people and in innovation. It so happened that this is a channel that works really, really well for the premium skew of Brown-Forman's portfolio, but we weren't getting as much in terms of results out of it as we thought we could. And so we've had a very nice and steady run, by putting some dedicated effort and being a little more innovative with not only the products that we're bringing into that channel, but also the merchandising we're supporting it with. And so we've been really pleased with our travel retail business.
Paul C. Varga: Nothing we're so -- we're a couple of levels from retail and the consumer's actual transaction. So anything in that narrow a period of time we tried -- I mean, we just have a hard time making a lot of sense of it. So I can't really add anything. I wish I could for you and it would help us too. So we're prone to more of the anecdotal type of information that gets shared.
Paul C. Varga: I'll start with it. Actually, I might add even one level below category. For us, to be quite honest, it starts with the brand which is also very much a member of the category, which is Jack Daniel's. And I think Jack Daniel's it's likely -- I haven't looked at it recently. It's likely that Jack Daniel's may be more important to Brown-Forman than some of the top brands are for some of our competitors. And so we're very, of course, pleased with the continuing performance of that brand and it's really on a couple of levels. One, how appealing it has proven to be globally. And its ability to travel the world as a trademark and be successful on a multitude of levels. And not only as Jack Daniel's Black Label but the thing that we're very, very proud of, actually over the last decade or more, is how it's become such a nice basis for thoughtful line extensions as well. And often times, when companies will do line extensions, of very powerful trademarks, I mean, their greatest worry is, am I going to cannibalize the parent brand from which I'm extending it and knock on wood, because I think of the way that we've thought about these and the patience we've -- the patient approach we've used to introducing them and developing them, we have seen relatively low levels or very limited levels of cannibalization of Jack Daniel's Black Label. If anything, we think any cannibalization we get with the introduction of something like Tennessee Honey is more than compensated for by the positive halo effect to the trademark which is almost 150 years old. So it's nice to keep it contemporary. So I think, if somebody would ask me in 2 words what's differing our performance versus others, it's the great work the company has been doing on Jack Daniel's trademark, and how that has enabled us then as well to do other great things alongside it, with the Woodford Reserves and the Herraduras. And just our confidence that we can take into the marketplace for developing premium plus or ultra-premium brands.
Paul C. Varga: I think it's going to be very competitive. I mean, I don't know that I've heard anything. Don has said that it's any more competitive than it always is this time of the year. I think we can expect -- I mean, you have a very attractive marketplace at the most important time of the year, so I expect it to be very competitive. And to be looking at -- sometimes we always think about that as pricing but our folks will be monitoring a full range of items, everything from value-added packaging to innovation to all kinds of things. And we think we're pretty well positioned, I'll say that. Just using the U.S. an example. We would not have had the presence in the marketplace a year ago with this introduction of Winter Jack, which we think is a really nice thing for a seasonal introduction like this. So that's a tool in our arsenal that we didn't have last year. So we'll be monitoring to see how that does.
Paul C. Varga: You know, we expected it to have a big impact on us last year when we had a longer one. It didn't seem to have much. So I don't, I mean, I'd be hard pressed to forecast anything related to it...
Paul C. Varga: I mean, it's just we look at it longer than just December. We try to think about sort of a holiday period and for us, because it's in this country and in many parts of the world, a cold weather season, it points very nicely sometimes to our category skew. So we've been pleased by this cold spell, of course, that's been going on -- I mean so we keep our fingers crossed that it gets real chilly out. So we can people sipping on our Bourbons.
Paul C. Varga: Yes, I'll touch on a couple of those. Yes, we are -- we always invest -- we used to invest to my point of view, far too strongly during this price [ph]. We've spread out the seasonality of our media. I think that's helped us. But we do have nice efforts in the U.S. market, particularly behind Southern Comfort and Gentleman Jack have, these last couple of years, newer efforts and steady support. I don't know that we have a strong media program behind Winter Jack. I think it's more at retail. I think that's the correct case. And but I do think it's going to be competitive, like as we just said here, because it's in a very attractive segment. And I mean, I think that goes across all of beverage alcohol as well. I mean, I think -- remember, it's not just the spirit companies that are out there trying to compete for the consumers' dollars this time of year. It's also the beer and wine companies that have some strong seasonality to this period too. So we expect it to be as competitive as ever. If your question related to what might that bode for seasonal spending, I mean, we'd -- I think Don referenced in his comments, we continue to think our A&P particularly will travel around the growth rate of sales for the full year. I mean, that's about what we've been targeting. And that can always vary within third quarter and fourth quarter, depending upon where we're spending and what we're spending behind. But we would anticipate it continuing to travel at about the rate of growth sales.
Paul C. Varga: Mix. I mean we get so many fluctuations, as broadly sold as the Jack Daniel's trademark is, particularly, to geographic and even portfolio mix can hit us during a particular quarter. So those could have as big an influence on variations to the gross margin in a quarter as anything.
Paul C. Varga: I mean -- I think it's probably a combination of both-and, to be fair. You certainly can control your own destiny more by creating them. They just in the whiskey business, as you would well know, Tim, just take longer to go from inception of an idea to an introduction in the market because of the aging. So you can -- the benefit of acquisition, assuming there's sufficient inventories for any of these products, would be that you could fast forward your entry. And so you're looking to do a balancing act, I suspect there, of innovation and acquisition, depending upon what the market segment is. I mean, so far we found that what's happening with Woodford Reserve is really, really exciting for us. It's not just Woodford Reserve base brand. I mean, it is really this Double Oaked has been a great, great addition to the line in the last couple of years. And it actually -- the idea for it came out of an original masters collection idea, that was a limited offering years ago and then we decided gosh, that was so well-received, why don't we do something with it more mainstream for later on? And it's been very, very well received at particularly high price points. And so, Woodford Reserve, Jack Daniel's, Old Forester, Early Times, Canadian Mist, they're all great bases for innovations. And I would not rule out the possibility of creating a brand new trademark. Doesn't always have to be a line extension. So those, I think, can be very sound ideas but we do think we're very well-positioned with the production assets we have, having several distilleries from which we could create either line extensions or new products. But there are attractive segments of the whiskey business, both exist in the United States and around the world, that we're observing and watching that -- where line extensions, innovation or acquisition can play a role in our entry.
Paul C. Varga: And then in addition to that, I think your question, Ian, was about flavors. And you might, I know it's not technically, might not fit the same mold that you were thinking, but you might think of what we're doing with Winter Jack on a staged rollout is an additional flavor from Jack Daniel's in this space. It's not technically presented exactly like Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey. But that one might be a hybrid of additional flavors. So we're -- and I do think, I've said this before, I think our approach to that will be more on the conservative side. I just -- I think what's going on with these whiskeys is really different than what was going on with vodkas. If you think about it, the difference here is that you are beginning to add flavor to a product that's already inherently flavored, which is different than adding flavor to a product that, in its base, is quite neutral. And so, how we do that, I think, has to be very thoughtful. And so far, I think we've done a pretty good job at it. But and then when you're dealing with the Jack Daniel's trademark, you're going to be extra careful. And so, so far, we're getting good feedback for the work we've done in flavors. Obviously, Tennessee Honey and then the early results on Winter Jack has encouraged us to do more. And I suspect we'll have more ideas that we'll treat just as conservatively.
Paul C. Varga: This was a big deal for us 15 years ago. I mean, Don will remember it. I mean, we had lots of conversations about how we enabled and basically the development of Jack Daniel's. But then Jack Daniel's actually helped take Brown-Forman route-to-market around the world because of its appeal. And a lot of companies do it different ways, you can do it through acquisition but we were fortunate to be able to do it largely organically. The Poland and Mexico examples were associated very directly with some acquired businesses, but we're really pleased with the position of our route-to-market around the world and how we've accomplished it. I actually do think, that there was an earlier question about whether or not our results, how might we qualify our results versus others. I mean, one thing that is different a little bit about our business, and it's captured a little bit geographic skews, we just don't have a lot of local mature businesses that we bought along the way in order to enable our route-to-market. We have some, I mean, in particularly, Mexico and Poland. There we have good positions but those are relatively mature categories where we have good positions. And so that can drag on us, as it has a little bit in some of these emerging market figures we referred to today. But compared to other companies who did this -- developed their route-to-market through acquisition or have made very, very large acquisitions of local companies as the basis for developing their global brands, we're just not as exposed to that. So if those businesses are soft in a local market, it can be a bit of drag on their growth. And we just don't have that influence as much at our company.
Paul C. Varga: Bryan, the other thing that's in addition to our price increases, the fluctuations, they will influence. Some of these quarter-to-quarters are just the introductions of these line extensions. And it's -- we will keep you all apprised as we go along -- -we always do -- as to when we're introducing something and when we begin to work against that pipeline. We tried our best, particularly -- and I'm talking about depletion pipeline - and we had some of that at various times on Tennessee Honey where you begin -- you had get the product into distribution. And you only get to do that once and then you're dependent on the velocity. And so innovation plays a role in this in addition to the price increases. Those have been the 2 big things over the last 24 months that would've explained variations from quarter-to-quarter.
Donald C. Berg: Sure. I mean, I will talk a little bit about that. The key data that we use in just trying to get a sense of what's happening on market, generally comes from our NABCA data and you have to be a little bit careful. The NABCA data, as you know, most of those markets tend to be more in the interior of the country and they don't capture some of the bigger markets like New York and California and Washington, Florida where some of the trends get set. But directionally, it gives you a sense of how the on-premise trends are moving. And when you peel that back, I mean basically, the on-premise has been softening for a while and we've been watching it now probably since about this time last year. And it's now down to a point where it doesn't look like it's growing at all and could even be slightly declining a little bit. And when you step back and you look at it over a long period of time, there can be different things that really kind of drive some of the consumer behavior there. Sometimes it's high gasoline prices. Sometimes it can be little shocks in the market of one nature or another. But this has been trending down for a little while now and it's hard to really say exactly why. As I mentioned in the script, I mean, we had tended to see some hits in consumer confidence of late and there has been a lot that's been going on kind of at the government level in terms of government shutdowns and different things that can affect different people's psyche and how much they want to go out and what have you. But it's been a concerning trend and also, as I mentioned, we have a couple of brands that are skewed somewhat to the on-premise that have been hit disproportionately and as the on-premise has continued to soften, it seems to be an environment where the competition within the on-premise has continued to increase. And so, we think it's one of the areas where Southern Comfort has been hit as well as some of our other liqueur brands. I can't give you much more color than that other than we have been seeing it and you've heard others talk about it as well and hopefully, this will stabilize and start moving back in the right direction soon.
Donald C. Berg: No -- just add to that, not only are they holding up well, but the other thing that we continue to see is the return of premiumization. And so, as you look at the different price points, we're pretty close back to what we saw prior to 2008, where the higher the prices, the higher the growth rates. And again, just to Paul's point, when you've got the premium portfolio that we have, we tend to perform better than what you see in the marketplace overall.
Donald C. Berg: I'll tell you the data that I tend to look at more is the 12 months trends, and when you look at the 12 months trends over the last 3 months, you basically saw kind of -- where -- kind of hit a bottom 3 months ago. It went up slightly last month and then it kind of went back to the bottom this month. And so again, you have to be a little bit careful with that. I mean, I would look at it more broadly in terms of what the trends are telling you than get too much into data on any one month.
Donald C. Berg: So I'll start with the RTD business. When you look at our RTD business there are 2 markets, in particular, that are pretty large and drive a lot of what you see in the overall results. One is Australia, and one is Mexico. And there's 2 very different things going on in those 2 different markets right now. In Australia, it has been under quite a bit of macroeconomic pressure for the last several months. And so, you've been seeing that and you've been seeing that hit the RTD market, as well as kind of just broad-based beverages overall. And so, a lot of the performance that you're hearing about in terms of little bit lower trajectory than what you would have hear -- heard us talk about a few years ago, just a couple of years ago actually, has a lot to do with just what's happening specifically, macroeconomically, within that market as opposed to there's a consumer problem or there's a brand problem or what have you. It's pretty much across-the-board that everybody's seeing this. In Mexico, it's slightly different. In Mexico, when we bought Casa Herradura in 2007, they already had this very, very strong RTD market, and New Mix and had, if I remember right, something close to 50% share within that market, that we've been able to continue with even through today. It has become such a great growth area and a great consumer area that it has been kind of a natural invite to a lot more competition. And so, earlier this -- at the end of last fiscal year, earlier in this fiscal year, there was a bunch of new introductions that were coming out. We took some actions within that market, try to help us competitively. We also took some opportunities to take some price increases. And so you have a bit of a shift of where the volume went in terms of our fiscal year ended. But in terms of the overall RTD market within Mexico, while it's become a lot more competitive, I think, when you look at what's happening at the consumer level and just overall, continues to be a pretty good business for us.
Donald C. Berg: And I do think, just to talk a little bit about the geographic skew, there are some pretty marked differences there. When you think about the larger players in the industry, we would skew more towards the U.S. than what the larger players would. And when you think about the U.S., it's been performing fairly well over the last couple of years. When you think about the European skew, while we've got a sizable part of our business in Europe, we've continued to really buck to trends there. And when you've got the U.K. growing at nice rates, and Germany growing at nice rates, and France growing at nice rates, it does help with our business given the size of our business there. When you look at our emerging markets, I mean today, the emerging markets represent something around 20% of our overall business. And some of our larger competitors are out there, at sizes double that. And so, so there's definitely a geographic skew story here but also, when you look into those markets, I mean we were definitely outcompeting and in many, if not most of those markets and some of them have different reasons than others. I mean, when you think about the emerging markets and you look at, for example, we've been continuing to do really well with Brazil. That happens to be one of the markets where we changed our route-to-market a couple of years ago, and we've been seeing some real benefits from having our dedicated sales force there. When you think about China, we're relatively smaller there than our competitors. We've gone through quite a bit of change there, in terms of really improving the organization and putting different focus on where we're executing against our brands, and we've been seeing the benefit of having made some of those changes. And so a lot of the stories vary from market to market, but there's absolutely no doubt, as Paul said, a lot of what we've seen in terms of our performance is really coming from the work and the efforts of our people that are on the ground there.
Donald C. Berg: You always hear kind of the one-off or two-off stories about different things are happening, and on individual brands or in individual markets. And so, I would echo what Paul is saying in terms of what we're hearing in terms of, it's going to be very competitive. But in terms of hearing anything about anybody doing anything crazy across -- on some kind of scale across-the-board, no, we really haven't. We haven't heard anything that would be considered to be anything out of the ordinary of a very competitive environment.
Donald C. Berg: It's mostly around pricing. Last year, not this current fiscal year, about last year's fiscal year, we did take slightly higher price increases than what we did this year. And so some of that fell into the -- some of the -- as you think about year-over-year comparisons, some of that benefit continued to come through in the first few months of this fiscal year, which is why we're seeing a little bit of a higher-margin pop in the first half versus what we would expect in the last half where we won't be getting that kind of benefit.
Donald C. Berg: Yes, so there's been a number of new markets that we've gone into so far this year. Germany, Mexico there's a whole host of them. The one that's left for this fiscal year to get started on is the introduction of Honey in France. We decided to delay that until we had our own distribution business up and running. So we'll see that coming through once we hit that January 1 target date.
Donald C. Berg: I would say all the big ones. I mean, you're always looking at how markets are evolving and what opportunities that there are out there. So there could be some that could come up. But at least in terms of the big ones, I think we're pretty good set for the time being.
Donald C. Berg: Yes, exactly. I would anticipate by the end of the fiscal year, we'll be somewhere in the mid-single-digit range.
Donald C. Berg: Heavily influenced by France. There's a couple of other little timing things in there in addition to that, but it's heavily influenced by France.
Donald C. Berg: Yes, and I would say that a lot of what we talked about in terms of easy comps and tough comps. I mean, it hit us at the depletion line, as well as it hit us at the reported line. So I mean, you saw a lot -- 2 years ago, when we took some pretty hefty price increases for the first time in 5 years, you saw some pretty hefty buy-ins at both retail and the distributor level. And so we were going up against those tougher comps when we came out with the second price increase at lower levels where we didn't see quite as large buy-in in either tier. And so, generally speaking, in terms of when you look at the magnitude of that shift that you're looking at, a lot of it was driven mostly by what we've been talking about in terms of this comp difference first quarter, second quarter.
Donald C. Berg: Yes. I would say, here's how I would think about that. Every year, you'll see kind of plus ones, plus twos, minus ones, minus twos. They'll fluctuate a little bit throughout the year. Generally, at this time of the year, where you're really in that early part of the holiday season, that's when you'll start to see some of the inventory buy-ins starting to come in as different distributors and retailers are really loading in for the holiday season. And so, it's not unusual at this time of the year to see our shipments slightly outperforming our depletions because of that effect. And then once we get through the holiday season, you'll tend to see that start to reverse itself in kind of a January, February time frame. And so when you think about it from that standpoint, seasonality, what you're looking at today in terms of this depletion, shipment adjustment, it's pretty much within the norm.
