Lawson Whiting: All right, well, thank you, Garvin. Those are very kind words. It’s been over 14 years since I was last on a conference call, so for those of you that have been around for quite a while, you may remember that I held the Investor Relations seat back in the 2001 to 2004 timeframe and met many of you that are -- I know are on this call. If you’ve been an investor since – in BF since over that time period, you’ve been well rewarded because our market cap, if you go back all the way to 2001, it is actually up close to 10 times or 10-fold plus the $8 billion in dividends that Garvin described a few minutes ago. Total shareholder returns have been extraordinary and are a testament to our ability to deliver high-quality growth and do so consistently and efficiently. So Paul has clearly set the bar high in terms of the performance that this great company is capable of achieving. I have worked closely with Paul and the rest of our leadership team on setting the strategy that we are now executing against. We all believe in the long runway for our American whiskey portfolio, and we’re fortunate to compete in a very high performing industry with spirits taking share within the beverage alcohol sector and in fact American whiskey continue to taking share within spirits. We’re focused on some of the best categories in spirits and we also happen to own some of the best spirits brands in the world. It’s a combination that we believe can generate superior growth over a long period of time. Over the coming years, we’ll continue to invest in our business with an eye towards delivering long-term sustainable growth while maintaining the industry’s best operating margins and returns on invested capital. We’ll focus on extending our leadership with the premium American whiskey category led by the Jack Daniel’s family. We continue to generate solid growth in both the United States and our international markets with the emerging markets being particularly strong right now. Over the past decade or two, we’ve been methodically investing in our bourbon and tequila brands to grow them into meaningful contributors to the Company and those investments are now paying off as brands such as Woodford Reserve, Herradura, el Jimador, and Old Forester are in fact accelerating the growth rate for the entire corporation. Looking ahead, we'll essentially be doing the same thing or we hope to be doing the same thing with Slane, GlenDronach, and BenRiach as we look to build them into meaningful contributors. I look forward to what I hope will be a long and productive tenure guiding Brown-Forman into its next generation of growth and deliver top tier returns for all of our stakeholders. So with that, let me pass the call over to Jane, and she can talk about our fiscal '18 and '19 results.
Lawson Whiting: Yes, I guess if you pin me down and say you have to pick one, I mean it would be the continued leadership at the premium American whiskey category around the world, and that’s a blend both continued Jack Daniel’s growth where we continue to grow nicely in the United States, but we’re seeing tremendous growth outside of the United States still, and the emerging markets continue to kick in, and we’re still very much under, say under index or underrepresented in many of the emerging markets around the world. So, there is a lot of opportunity there and the other we're beginning to push harder on the portfolio development, particularly in places like Europe that are still relatively Jack concentrated, but brands like Woodford Reserve will be cleanest examples. We have very high aspirations for the brand and pretty high confidence that to make it a meaningful contributor to the Company.
Lawson Whiting: Yes, sure. So, first of all, you had a check off. Within the guidance that we've given, we are not assuming these tariffs are going to be enacted and hurt the results that we have. And the other part of what you said in the fourth quarter, the inventory builds that we've done were primarily really exclusively in owned distribution markets where we're able to move the inventory into our warehouses over there, but it's not been reflected in sales or depletions or anything like that. So but look it's a tough, tricky situation that we've been watching now for months. And it seems like every day, we wake up and the thing takes a little bit of a twist and turn including even last night. So it's a dynamic situation, it's one that we're obviously watching closely, it's one where it's very dangerous I think to make sort of generalistic statements or broad statements across large quantities of markets because I do think our reaction will be largely market-by-market basis, and what we mean by that just try to be clear on it. Markets where we own our own route to market which would be most of Europe most of the big markets in Europe, we have a lot more flexibility and control over the situation. In markets where we use third party distributors, it’s a little bit more difficult. So, we're going to have different responses for those different types of markets, markets that have big retail concentration where we have one or two customers that may make up the majority of our sales. We're going to have to be careful with those markets too. So this is going to be a bit surgical, I think, in the way that we respond, but though that we've lived through these sort of dynamics before or the rapid excise tax increases which have happened periodically, we’ve had supply shortages, maybe you get a big FX swing something like that, all these dynamics that can move pricing around in a pretty quick moment, we've experienced before and we think we'll fight through it again.
Lawson Whiting: Yes, I mean they're small particularly Slane off a very small base. And we are investing quite heavily in that right now. We’re not -- the brands not even national across the United States yet. So, that will be accomplished by the end of fiscal 2019. And so we’re pretty aggressive with these things, but to be honest, there is not an unlimited supply of whiskey on these brands either. And so, we tend to -- we think we're doing it in the right way it's a heavy on premise rollout in the United States, and really very, very limited volumes in Europe. Europe is really prioritizing rollout on Woodford right. So we're going to have Slane focused on the U.S. The single malts are bigger. Obviously those are in place right now. And it did take us a little while to get our -- to get them integrated into our system. But I think we feel good about it now that it's -- it look longer than it probably should have, but it's in there now and it is rolling. And we are putting incremental resources both SG&A and brand expense behind these and hope to see a lot better results.
Lawson Whiting: Sure, I can take that. So the one thing just to clarify a little bit, the reorganizational changes really aren’t about cost savings, they are more about getting closer to the market. But there is a sort of a particularly you can do it on a brand lens or on a market lens, but generally speaking one of the things we’re trying to do is position ourselves for faster growth both in the emerging markets while maintaining what we have in the United States. And so, we are putting people closer to those markets. I also don’t want to have the same as an example, if you are managing a very large market say, in Western Europe and then also having responsibility for developing some tiny markets in Eastern Europe or in Africa or India wherever that might be. That’s isn’t a bad combination and so, we’ve been focused on making sure that we have people that are managing the big businesses that we have today and continue to fast forward those and then having people that don’t have to work quite so much about current day profit growth that is a better seeding as you know for the long run that we want to have. So that’s part of it and the other part of it is getting we do as I mentioned before like American whiskey leadership in Europe and broader portfolio development beyond just the Jack Daniel's family, we’re putting incremental resources down to better focus on those. So the same people that have to develop Jack Daniel's Tennessee whiskey are not focused on seeding Woodford in France as an example or something like that. So, it’s a bit more of a focused organization maybe than it was before, which in some cases actually ends up costing a little more money but we think ultimately we’ll navigate that within the cost centers that Jane talked about earlier and hopefully this will work and we'll get some faster growth.
Lawson Whiting: So, I think you can do it regardless to market, but the own distribution tend to be the bigger ones that are over there and most of the Western Europe large markets is where we have our own distribution, and it is where we can react the fast. So, that is -- those will probably be the first in line in terms of portfolio development over there, it’s a little bit harder one using party. So, we probably have the highest confidence that we can get some of these other brands like a Woodford going in those direct markets.
Lawson Whiting: And as far as what else can we do here, I mean I think it's important to note that we’ve already said today that don’t expect what I would call transformational change of Brown-Forman with the track record that we’ve delivered in a way that we think we’ve set ourselves up for the next,-we call the next generation of growth, and it’s a pretty good business that we’re in. So we’re not trying to transform the Company, we’re just trying to do more of it. And we think this leadership of American whiskey is a very strong platform that we can grow from and we continue to drive a lot more growth. And I’m sensing to your question, you’re wondering what the role of acquisitions are like around Brown-Forman industry over the next few years and that’s pretty tough. I mean we’re obviously we look, but there haven’t been many transactions that we would say have created a lot of shareholder value in the last few years. So it's largely an organic growth strategy that’s going to continue to be of our portfolio development and the developed markets of the world and continuing to drive Jack Daniel's in a much bigger way in the emerging markets.
Lawson Whiting: Yes, I mean look we are constantly asking ourselves the questions, but at the end of the day we don’t have a lot of brands. I mean the brands that are left in the portfolio that would even make a list like that is relatively small. They’re not going to be meaningful to this to really do the financial outlook to the Company, but we’ll continue to evaluate. But I wouldn’t expect much dramatic.
Paul Varga: Well, I think the biggest challenges actually come from some of the opportunities which is, inevitably they've been in -- over my time competitive challenges having to navigate what inevitably become mid-to long-term competitive threats in the categories where we operate. I think we’ve seen this here over the last 7 to 8 years. I think we’ve been pretty adept at handling some of those more macro factors that come. I think we’ve been a fairly adaptive group and of course in the current times, people are focusing on things like the possibility of retaliatory trade tariffs, but I think the bigger thing over time is making sure that our brands are presented in favorable ways out in the marketplace relative to the competition.
Paul Varga: Yes, I think I'd just add to that just highlight the just we will benefit from Jack Daniel's Tennessee Rye as Jane said, particularly in the first part, but also thank we will build momentum throughout the year because it had a somewhat slower build throughout the year than we might have anticipated, and we feel like we’ve got it poised for better growth next year. I also think the same thing is true of the high-end single malts and remember that those along with the high-end expressions from Woodford Reserve and Herradura and others do give beneficial portfolio mix as we go throughout the year. So just keep those things in mind as well that it should bolster your confidence.
Paul Varga: One thing to that because I think could be helpful. If I go back to maybe around our mid-year results when we were in my view growing at rates, frankly, we didn't need to at the bottom line. I mean we came out of the gates and had some favorable comps. And we're very efficient on the SG&A front. And then this tax reform came through I think we signaled this view. I mean really felt like through the back half of FY '18, we can take some actions and make some significant investments that would really help us with the continuation and in this case acceleration of the Company's results in FY'19. And of course now that you all know I mean I really was thinking through this and it would be great to have that momentum continuing on with the consideration of leadership changes et cetera. And we really would like to have those investments in place and to have gotten those after sooner versus later. And I would highlight right -- it's in our forecast, the expectation of against strong A&P investment and flattish SG&A expectations for the year. And while still investing behind for example people to support these single malt business and the Slane rollout and things like that. That is a really important piece that we're going to be investing behind people to go develop the initial distribution awareness to these brands and in our financials next year it won't be that visible because of the way that we made investments to set up took actions to set up FY '19.
Paul Varga: Yes, I think our -- I see this what I would consider and that would be on Lawson's team going forward is actually right now for FY '19 a strong continuation of what we've been doing with our tequila business, which has been I mean focused almost on I called it three different aspects which are the Herradura trademark, the el Jimador trademark and actually very valuable RTD business this associated with the our Herradura trademark. And then we grew this sort of on their development in Mexico development in United States and then increasingly it's very interesting to see the development of these brands outside Mexico and the United States. And so and across the board these last couple of years, we seen the market react to the investments we've been making I mean very significant innovation I mean I would called out the Herradura ultra work that we've done down in Mexico, and I think that business continuously done great repackaging over the years. I think that business continues to be locked and loaded for continued success in my view. And I think we’re in an enviable position as it relates to just agave pricing because of the investments we made to store tequila in tanks over the years because in the prior cycle when there was -- had been an excess we were taking it in. So -- and the way that we stored and produced, I think also is a slight advantage in this market, it gives us more flexibility to watch the pricing. But I do -- I mean we will of course react if the marketplace the key marketplace is you know take very strong increases or don’t at all and we’re going to have to play those just as we fit on early on the call in a market-by-market basis that I continue to expect the tequila business for Brown-Forman to keep rolling.
Paul Varga: Let me add to that. Since Lawson came into the COO role, really last fall, I could just sense and he’s been active in this every sense which is to really get the rest of Brown-Forman’s portfolio in some of these markets. So, even with then a developed market, really enabling broader portfolio development would be I mean one of the themes I think you’ll see from him and I think it's been exceptional push for the Company because it can provide all kinds of benefits and leverage the prior. We’ve been using this for the last couple of years. Let’s leverage our prior investments whether it’s in our manufacturing operations and route to consumer et cetera and Lawson I think has really jump on that as it relates to broader portfolio development. So, with our ambitions to go continue to lead across premium American whiskey, you can imagine that in the future years that putting us that innovation for just to push alone behind Woodford Reserve, Gentlemen Jack even Old Forester could be major contributors to Brown-Forman portfolio development.
Paul Varga: I'd also add just to one of the things that any retiring CEO would want to do for an incoming CEO is the issue they have sufficient financial flexibility to act on any opportunities. Whether there be share repurchases or appropriate acquisitions or any of the other alternative that Jane just mentioned. I just continue to think that Brown-Forman remains in excellent financial health as it relates to not only the strength of the business and the performance of the Company especially, but also just the financial flexibility.
Paul Varga: It will be very small in terms of the type the stuff we're talking about today although very interesting in terms of the way it's getting publicity and the reaction that's occurring. I mean it is a very high price and very limited offerings. So -- but it actually, the thing I like about is it continues to showcase something I mentioned in my prepared remarks, which are exceptional liquids that our distillers put in the bottom, which we sometimes forget about those things. When you read about why bourbon is doing so well or why Brown-Forman is doing so well, I just continue to believe that this product quality component with particularly with all this competition out there, some of which are not controlling their own methods of production. I think it becomes a vital component in the brand building model. And so King of Kentucky is yet another example. And it builds on some of the other expressions that have been out there very successfully from Jack Daniel's and Old Forester and Woodford reserve test markets on cooper others around the Company. And so, we’re smiling very proud around Brown-Forman and even though it’s a very small introduction.
Paul Varga: I’ll take -- what I can -- I referred to in that call, we didn't intend I mean confuse people with the housekeeping item. We have to adopt the revenue recognition standard May 1 of 2019 -- of fiscal 2018 and what that is going to call is simply some movement of expenses that used to be in account at A&P up to discount thus lowering your A&P and lowing your net revenue. So it's more of a comparability will provide insights into that as we go throughout the year a lot of companies are doing some and competitors have been very significant in that movement, and we wanted to give you insights to that. But we will specifically lay it out as we go throughout the years. It's about 20 million to 25 million of re-class only as it has no bottom line impact.
Paul Varga: For the detail of Brown-Forman, I'd just give you a retrospective what Lenox, the popular price wines and Southern Comfort represented at Brown-Forman during those times they were much more significant than what like as Lawson said, any brands that he'd make a list today what they would represent as a percentage of Brown-Forman, it’s just much smaller. So, the portfolio reshaping we call it, and other effort loss we’ve done such a work on this that for the next couple of years, I mean we really feel we’re poised to go build these things and to mobilize our organization to realize the potential that we think is there. And so I mean I personally feel like we’ve set the place up to run real well right. And Lawson is the person to take that forward, I ratably do active but I think he’ll bring a bunch of new ideas to how we do it and then some cases where we do it. But I would agree within that here's something that’s very important for a CEO succession at a company like Brown-Forman, you have to remember that Lawson would have been sitting beside me and others over these last four and six and seven years of making the whiskey and planting the agave that we will now be able to sell. And even if someone particularly wanted to do something on transformational on an organic basis, they would run into potential issues in the fact that the product would have already been made. And so one of the great benefits of managing this transitional well is that Lawson has actually helped drive the forecast over the last several years alongside me and others that will material as wonderful products in the end that our will people take out to market place.
Jane Morreau: Sure. I can do that. And hopefully, you can add on here. I would say, we’ve been talking about the phasing in the tough comp first since December, particularly facing on the cost if you recall. So of course, we expected those to start come in the third quarter which we saw and then we made conscious decision in the fourth quarter to invest more behind the business, do special bonus and things like that because of the performance of our business and also influenced by the tax reform, and we believe that sets us up well for next year. I’ll refer to some of our investments that we’re making incrementally next year behind our new brands or new to the world brands that are just new to us. Let’s just say our RH and our scotch which we believe will help accelerate those growth rates plus the investments we’re making in some of our key international markets to accelerates the growth rates versus our premium plus portfolio. I would also say again you might recall that our first half of last year -- or first quarter of last year, our non-developed market from a phasing perspective, you guys phasing all over the place. I really wouldn’t get caught up in a phasing of anyone quarter, I think you need to pull back our underlying trends, our takeaway trends of support what we're seeing in here. You do get noise in anyone given quarter, so last year’s first quarter is an example our non-developed U.S. markets were pretty soft. So, I’ve got confidence in the -- we’re not truly accelerating from the fourth quarter, if you will to more of a continuation of our full year.
Jane Morreau: Yes, I think what you’re talking about is a revenue management, which I think Lawson was also referring to. And we continue to do this on a market -- look at this on a market-by-market basis some of the most increases that we’re going to see in prices in the coming year in fiscal 2019 are results of utilizing these still and testing different things and testing and learning in different market. And so, some of the modest increase is that we anticipates are result of that those. And so, we continue to move forward, we continue to apply it further on after more and more markets and I think you will continue to see us get tenths and two tenths and three tenths of points on revenue which are meaningful to us overtime given our revenue numbers and given the difficult market that we’re in as it relates to pricing. So, good work continues there.
Jane Morreau: I think you're talking really about our capital deployment and our capital structure priorities going forward. And again I will pull back up team and look at something like just share repurchase. Because as you know we've always done them on an opportunistic level instead look back and pull ourselves up and talk about where we're investing. And we've been investing quite heavily behind the business whether it's been laying down whiskey, all the capacity expansion, we've been doing home prices that are come into fruition. As a matter of factor, we'll get ready to open our Old Forester distillery here in a couple of weeks. So we're excited about that. And so, we've been doing a lot of those type of things, we always want to maintain flexibility in our capital to make sure that we can pay regular and growing dividends. And so as it relates to share repurchases, we've just done $1 of special dividends. So as it relates to return in other forms of cash to shareholders, those are things that we look at every year annually. But I think our recipe that we've experienced or you seeing us deliver over the last decade won't change. There might be some lumpiness year-to-year. But again this all goes into play whether with the share repurchases was again opportunistic that we look at.
