Paul C. Varga: Hi, everyone. And I'll just add a couple of comments to what Don has already said. The first point relates to the significance of the Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey performance. It's of course exciting to have a brand extension accomplished what it has in the marketplace in less than one year.  In addition to that, however, it has played the very important role of being the impetus to Brown-Forman's improved performance in the United States, which is our most important country, and today, the industry's most valuable distilled spirits market.  Just one year ago, Brown-Forman and its 2 most important trademarks, Jack Daniel's and Southern Comfort, were all losing share and struggling to grow in the United States. Today, the company and the Jack Daniel's trademark are both growing nicely and gaining share of their relevant competitive segments.  These gains have been driven by the Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey introduction and success, but importantly, the Tennessee Honey's success has not come at the expense of either Jack Daniel's or Southern Comfort. In fact, from what we've observed, thus far, the parent Jack Daniel's brand has performed slightly better in the United States since the introduction of Honey, as we believe this line extension has provided what we sometimes call a positive halo effect for the trademark.  And while Southern Comfort has not yet returned to growth, we believe this trademark's performance has also improved in the U.S. since the introduction of the Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey brand. This is noteworthy as we were naturally anxious to see if Honey's success would come at the direct expense of Southern Comfort, which has long been one of the leading brands in this category referred to as either flavored brown spirits or flavored whiskey.  To date, this has not been the case, as the parent Southern Comfort performance in the U.S. has been essentially unchanged since Honey's introduction and the trademark's overall performance is, in fact, improved due to the introductions of Lime and Fiery Pepper.  As a result of all of this, our company has grown and gained share in the U.S. over the last year, and today, we have a strong leadership position with 2 trademarks in one of the most exciting growth segments of the world's most valuable distilled spirits market. This is important progress, and I'd like to publicly congratulate the many people of Brown-Forman who have led and contributed to it.  In addition to the successful launch of Tennessee Honey in the U.S., the accelerated and impressive global growth of Jack Daniel's, in both developed and emerging international markets, has been the driver of this year's accelerated growth and underlying net sales, gross profit and operating income versus what we experienced for the full-fiscal year 2011.  Importantly, our company's year-to-date growth and underlying operating income of 8% approximates our historical high single-digit, long-term growth rate on the same measure. We find the return of the company's underlying growth rate to this level to be very encouraging for the future.  And looking ahead a bit, we will remain focused on further improving Southern Comfort's performance and continuing the company momentum we've created this fiscal year, which includes the continued growth of our super premium brands and the recent improved trajectory of Finlandia's performance.  And as Don mentioned, the planned further expansion of Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey, both within the U.S. and into new international markets, and the improving pricing posture across our company, are additional encouraging signs as we finish up fiscal year '12 and finalize our plans for FY '13 and beyond.  Thanks. That's all for our prepared commentary, and now we're happy to take any questions.
Paul C. Varga: Yes, I think we're still firming up a lot of our F'13 spending priorities, which will have an influence on that. But I think Don is directionally correct on it that we frequently will move, depending upon what we see the best opportunities, between, monies between things that reside in cost of sales or in discounts to A&P and back if we think it can be impactful. So the -- probably the prevailing theme that Don mentioned in his comments about the pricing environment, we could see advertising -- the advertising as percentage of sales fluctuate a little bit based on what -- where we allocate our investment.
Paul C. Varga: Judy, I would add to that, that -- I mean, one real fact, since the introduction of Tennessee Honey in the United States, the global demand for it or call for it has been ahead of our willingness and actual desire, to be honest, to fulfill that, simply because it's a Jack Daniel's trademark expression. And we really wanted to understand and learn how it's performing in the United States. As you can imagine, before we thought about any expansion plans. And as we sit here and prepare for FY '13, we're in a better position to sit and consolidate those ideas and plans, but it's been our experience throughout the course of this year that many international markets have had a demand for this ahead of our willingness to supply.
Paul C. Varga: We'll confirm all of the guidance that's related to -- I think you called it -- I think you're referring to calendar year '12 with some of your comments there, but we'll be updating our FY '13 forecast and look when we speak with you all, I think, in early June when we report our Q4 and full year results. But what you mentioned there and what we've mentioned here this morning, certainly, our influence is to -- as confirming our guidance and narrowing it here this morning. And so we're pretty much focused on that right now, the development of plans into the next fiscal year. And we're aware of the reality of introductory pipeline associated with Tennessee Honey. And we'll be -- that will very much be considered as we've developed our plans for F'13. And it's just premature for us to be, I think, commenting on any of that because, frankly, we haven't finished up all our plans yet.
Paul C. Varga: Sure. I mean, it's a really a good question and one I suspect a lot of people are thinking about. I think there's 3 areas that we might think about: there's some general environmental things; there's some influences and considerations that, I think, are more specific to the industry in which we operate and then a few others, of course, that are more specific to our company and the brands that we own. On the general side, I mean, just using the U.S. as one surrogate for the environment, I mean, we think there's just a little bit better environment, whether it's the consumer confidence numbers you look at, or the job reports that come out. Also -- there's always something that's a counter to that, whether it's higher fuel prices, but you're constantly looking at the macro environment to try to observe what is this changing nature and how does that prepare you, so we study that. We would, I think, in general, even though it varies all over the world, we would generally say it's a little better today than it would have been in the prior couple of years. Probably more importantly, are these things that are specific to our industry and our company. I mean, last call we talked a lot about the improving momentum in the United States and increasingly worldwide, for bourbon and the whiskey segment, generally. And given that we have a strong and leadership position in that, I think that bodes well for the industry or the company's, frankly in this case, ability to think about our improved pricing because the momentum happens to be there in a segment or category that's very important to us. We've observed, over the course of the time here, that the growth rates for premium and super premium price segments have continued to improve versus a couple of years ago, where they were much reduced growth rates compared to what we're seeing today, particularly in this U.S. market where the super premium segment is doing extremely well. And then something I think you noted that you always are looking at the competitive behavior to see if they are pricing down or up in some directional way that -- and how that might influence you. And I think Don mentioned that we basically feel that, that environment is a little bit better today as well. And then I think, probably, the most important thing is those factors related to Brown-Forman. We noted in here, the strong momentum for Jack Daniel's in our super premium brands, the momentum the company has today versus a year ago. We have noted the higher costs, which are grain driven, but also, thinking something that helps us is that those also incorporate higher investments in packaging, which actually help you -- help support some of the pricing plans you might have out in the marketplace. And then I think Don mentioned this, and it's just so important for a company like us, which is that you're always thinking, with these products that are aged, the balance of your -- the value generation between volume and margin. And when you're laying down inventories for many years into the future, $1 of revenue generated from pricing is more valuable than that of volume, so you're always looking at the recipe for delivering value. And when it gets skewed one way or the other, I mean, you should take note. And sometimes that's appropriate. But in this case, we think that because of the environment, because of some of the margin pinch we've observed, we just think we're in a much better position today in the opportunities there to go out and get improved pricing. So that's probably the summary of all of it.
Paul C. Varga: I mean, we'll be guiding that when we come out with F'13. But just as we said last quarter, we'll say it now, it certainly is our aim to shore up and improve our margins.
Paul C. Varga: Do you mean as it relates to -- give me a little more information so I can help you with the answer to that.
Paul C. Varga: I mean, that's the -- I mean, the comment that you referenced from Beam is anybody who's been in the aged business -- the business as they're aged over any prolonged period of time, have always had both that challenge, but also that tool of trying to balance the pricing and volume. I mean, I think most -- I think most companies -- I can't speak for them specifically, but it's been my experience that if you're operating in a good industry, and particularly, with the brands that we have positioned at the premium price points, the economics of selling more of your product are so attractive that you always try to plan for that success. And so we always try to build that in as it relates -- and of course, the only thing we know about this forecasting process is that it's always wrong. I mean, you can't, with precision, predict it. So you have to develop forecasting and cushion tools and all kinds of other things that help you, as a manufacturer and a brand builder, plan this. Yes, ultimately, pricing is one of the tools that can be deployed to help you with that. But I mean, if your question was about whether or not we anticipate the industry to be challenged on this front or our company, I mean, our plans right now don't anticipate it being a problem for Brown-Forman. I mean, we are sitting -- more than anything, particularly with this report, we're excited about the kind of progress we're seeing. The additional actual sort of recent success through innovation has been a real help for the company. And then the other thing that we've got, which I think is a real help as being a company that has a portfolio of brands is to be able to go and where you are -- have products that aren't in the aged business, which we always -- oftentimes, refer to as our sort of rest of portfolio at Brown-Forman beyond Jack Daniel's. It's really exciting to go and have the opportunity to develop the vodkas or the liqueurs and try to accelerate those growth rates in tandem with the whiskeys. So -- but I think we're -- at least in our planning, we feel pretty good about where we are, and I just, more than anything, consider it one of the most exciting developments for the company and the industry just to see what's happening with this category overall.
Paul C. Varga: Yes. I mean, that's what I tried to reference in a couple of my comments. I mean, of course, the first thing you look for are the signs of cannibalization, and you study that close, and in fact, then you see that it's the opposite of that, that you actually get little boosts of momentum. And of course, you can never attribute this stuff so directly to one brand's introduction, and how much of a halo effect it's contributing to any improvement you might note in the parent brand. There's a fair amount of guesswork in that. But at a minimum, you start with the prospect that these always have the potential to cannibalize or to actually take something away from the brand. And I can say with confidence that Tennessee Honey has largely, not only on its own merits, but also very much helped the trademark. And if anything, we see an improved position to the Jack Daniel's brand, parent brand, in the U.S. market today. And I also mentioned that we were concerned that it would directly impact Southern Comfort, just given the size and position Southern Comfort has in the U.S. market. And to date, that's holding up really well, too.
Paul C. Varga: Yes, okay. I mean, we are in the process this year -- I mean, it's a little bit in our results, but most of the major route to consumer and distribution changes in recent years here, we had a handful of them that occurred last year. And because they were staged at different times of the year and the transitions take a little bit longer, they will affect your year-over-year comps. Russia is one that comes to mind in that regard this year. But in terms of activity, there's a few, but there are -- that we would call them more ongoing regular things that are just good improvements that -- probably, the most significant one was the January launch of our own company in Turkey that we talked about, I think, a couple of times prior. That was probably the biggest singular change this year. But last year, we had Germany and Russia, Brazil, I think, Canada phased at a certain point. So there's less activity this year on that front. But they've continued a long-term trend and -- that we think is important. Where we just can be appropriately influential over our business for the plans we have developed. Sometimes, that's in partnerships, sometimes, we have the opportunity to go out and work on our own and capture some of the full margins and actually the costs associated with that. But it continues to be a hybrid model all over the world, and we're always looking at that.
Paul C. Varga: Well, I just -- In general, since I don't know what the last sort of round was. It's oftentimes -- I mean, there's periodically acquisitions and mergers in this industry. It's a very attractive industry. But I don't see it as buoyant in our industry as when you compare it to a bunch of other industries where this stuff is very, very frequent. And -- but I mean, it'd be hard for me to predict where the industry on that particular front is going to hit. To be quite honest, we'd pretty much got our heads down, building the business organically and have the benefit of an ownership structure that really has a long-term view on this business. And we try to put that to use each and every day in the marketplace. So...
Paul C. Varga: Yes, it's a bit of a mixed picture through the first 9 months. I mean, actually, the Herradura brand has seen some nice sales improvement going back almost a year now or so. And well, in el Jimador, it's a bit mixed by country because it's been much more competitive in the U.S. market. There's been a lot of competitive activities, that 100% agave level at lower price points, so it's made it competitive. And that's impacted some of our depletion trends. El Jimador continues to be in, I think, a good position in the United States and have a lot of growth opportunity, but there's just been a lot of competition there. The Mexico el Jimador business is always in a competitive arena. And it's sort of flattish. And particularly, we've stabilized, over the last couple of years, I'd say, some of the takeaway trends that we were observing, which were a little more negative going back toward the 2008, 2009 period, so we've been enthused about that. But the news in Mexico, as it relates to our tequilas, are really Herradura's improvement over the last year or so and the continuing progress of our New Mix ready-to-drink brand down there.
Paul C. Varga: I don't have off-hand what percentage is in that. It -- like almost every company, I'm sure it's a growing -- it certainly is a growing percentage. What I've been impressed with on our work in the digital arena, particularly around the Jack Daniel's brand, is not so much that the -- it's required massive amounts of investment as much as it has leveraged the ability to directly communicate with consumers through things such as Facebook. And the launch of Tennessee Honey in the United States would be example number one in the way that it brought new friendships to the Jack Daniel's brand, it could -- where you could communicate with them in far more efficient and direct ways that, oftentimes, that's available to mass communicators. And I think that's the gold in this. It's not only that you're communicating directly through the new technological formats, it's just so efficient in your ability to talk to people who are predisposed to you. So we're fortunate that Jack Daniel's is a type of brand that people really want to interact with, and that's an advantage in the world that we call social media.
Paul C. Varga: We still think we're -- even though we're struggling there, we do think we're one of the -- there's not a lot of brands at the volume levels the Jack Daniel's and above. So we sometimes refer to that as acceptable brands in that still relatively small international spirit market there. But we are in, definitely in the transition period right now, where everything from strategy to implementation to organization, we're having a fresh look at it to make sure that we can approach that market so that it can be growing in the way that we experienced through most of the 2000s. And -- but it's a competitive market. And getting all aspects of it lined up well, the strategy, everything all the way down to your pricing and promotional spending plans and implementation, the media support you put behind it. We'd have to think our way through it and maybe, in some different ways, than we have in the last couple of years.
Paul C. Varga: We certainly understand the response. To date, we haven't seen anything, and I didn't actually check some of the more recent figures in advance of this call. But no, you totally expect people to fight for share of the beverage alcohol market and same from wine at various price points. But none of it will surprise me in terms of -- particularly in the formats that beer is typically served. And they've actually obviously observed the appeal of the variety that comes from spirits consumption are trying to tap into that in some ways. So -- but also, I think, the innovation -- the beer companies have long been innovative in pack size and in many of those. I think innovation to the spirits industry these last 5 or 6 years is relatively new, and consumers seem to enjoy it. I mean, they seem to be responding to it and -- a measure we keep an eye on is what percentage of the incremental growth is coming from new products in the industry. And it remains at a very high level.
Donald C. Berg: Yes, I mean, in the U.S., I mean, pricing, for the most part, has been fairly flat in the U.S. We've seen some -- we've seen some occasional mix improvements here and there. But for the most part, on average, our pricing has been pretty flat. In the 2 markets that I identified today, both with France and the U.K., it's really just too early to tell yet. With the buy-ins and everything, it usually takes about a month or 2 for everything to kind of make its way through the marketplace before you can really get a good, strong read on kind of what's happening. I mean, I would say, generally, to the extent that we've seen excise tax increases, which we've been seeing in a number of markets for the last couple of years, and in some markets, like Australia, for example, I mean, they automatically take excise tax increases every year. In fact, there they take it twice a year. We've generally seen not that large of an impact in terms of the health of our industry and our business overall. And so to that extent, it would appear that consumers have been able to absorb it. There have been some markets where we haven't been able to pass them on because it wouldn't stick. It ends up being kind of a market to market situation, but overall, when you kind of look at how the industry is doing generally, it continues to grow and do pretty well on a global basis.
Donald C. Berg: Yes. I mean, if you look at the earnings release that we put out there, we've provided a Schedule A which kind of gives a reconciliation between the reported and the underlying. And when you look there on a year-to-date basis, I mean, it basically shows that our distributor inventories are to date, pretty much in line with where we started out the fiscal year, which we're comfortable with at this juncture. And then when you look forward, these things have the tendency to vary a little bit, up or down, and a lot of it just depends upon what's happening in individual market places, and it's always kind of hard to sit here and to guess in advance what might happen. So there could be some fluctuations on this as we get into the fourth quarter. But at this juncture, we think that our inventories are pretty much in balance with where we started the year.
Donald C. Berg: Sure. On the international side, I mean, we've identified some of the markets that we're looking at for next year. We're continuing to look at where we think the best opportunities lie. I mean, part of it -- part of what you look to is where -- kind of where -- what Paul was alluding to, those markets where consumers seeming to be interested in flavors and where you've been able to establish the brand fairly well. And so we've seen some interest in markets like Australia and Germany and South Africa and a lot of places where you see the RTD market working tends to give you some sense as to where flavors are kind of hitting a sweet spot with consumers. And so that's pretty much how we're looking at it. And we'll continue to look to see where we think opportunities -- where there might be opportunities along those lines, continue to look for ways to go after them.
Donald C. Berg: Yes. Those comments, Lauren, were really more directed towards the promotional -- the timing of promotional activities that we were seeing through the holiday period.
Donald C. Berg: Yes. I'd tell you, too, the way I think about that I mean, to the -- based upon our performance through this third quarter, all those accruals have been made. I mean, it depends on how the fourth quarter ends up coming out, that will determine kind of what the final accruals end up being.
Donald C. Berg: Yes. We've talked about China for a little bit now, where we've actually struggled there a bit of late. We continue to see China as being a very big opportunity. They certainly have an interest in whiskey. We're taking a real look at that market in terms of what we've got there as far as an organization, and how we're approaching it. We've been seeing -- I would say, when you look at kind of our emerging market world, we've been seeing a lot earlier opportunities for Jack Daniel's in a number of other places than what we've seen for China up to this point in time. But it's certainly one that continues to be on our radar screen and one that we're trying to figure out.
