Lawson Whiting: Look, I mean, I think -- obviously, we're not giving out guidance for next fiscal year, but I think as you look at our business in general, we feel pretty confident on the U.S. business these days as it is sort of above TDS, and I would expect that to continue. As I said in my prepared remarks, even with Jack at sort of subdued rates, we're able to grow above that TDS number. And believe me, there are a lot of plans and there's a lot of action, a lot of activity going around, to try to -- to improve the gross rates on Tennessee Whiskey. And if that happens, we're even, I would call it, more confident in the U.S. market. So, that feels pretty good. The developed international side of things is subdued, but it largely -- as Jane said, it's largely the UK. There are other markets that are not kicking on all cylinders these days. But, I think we can get that -- we'll get that category of markets, the developed international back into what its traditional range would be, mid to even a little bit better than mid single digit growth. But I'll pick mid single digits out of that part of the world. And emerging is the volatile one. It's always in the volatile one. It's been growing at a rate above our company average now for a number of years. It has slowed this year, as we said, largely because of Mexico. Asia's the wildcard in this. And I don't know how to tell you that we're trying to think about what is the growth rate for that part of the world going to be. And right now it's solid. But, we're going to be a little more subdued. And I think at the end of the day, we're going to be -- we use the word around here, agility a lot. You're going to have to be agile next year because, while things do have a tough outlook, the comps are going to be a little bit easier next year. And I could see some bouncebacks and some other things that make it -- that turn it into a pretty good year. So, I'm not directly answering your question, but we have not provided that guidance yet. But, I think, we generally feel pretty good on the top line that the things will return to what I call a more normalized growth rate.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. This one's kind of a different animal this time. This is a cost-sharing arrangement, as opposed to what we use typically with more agency type relationships. And so, you're not going to see a big margin change. You're not going to see -- I mean, our -- this has been one of the most successful markets in the world for Brown-Forman for literally a long time. But, I think both companies would admit, it's just time. We've -- as Jane said, our portfolios got bigger, the conflicts got bigger, and we've moved on. So, on the pricing or the promotional question you asked a little bit earlier, I mean, the -- if we're totally honest, the amount of promotion in the UK market got too big. And so, we're trying to reduce that a little bit and get some pricing up. And we're working on that slowly, it's not a -- I mean, you have to do it slowly with the European retail world. But, we're paying the price necessarily. We're just seeing short term disruption with some of our customers as we do a little bit less promoting. We do think in the long run, it's the smart thing to do. And we'll -- we're taking our medicine now for what we think can be a great outlook going forward.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. If you look at the business -- the gross margin of the business today, I mean, we saw a lot of Single Malt Scotch for instance into that channel, and that's going to be higher margin business. And Woodford Reserve has actually had a really nice run in the global Travel Retail business too. But now, we also most often focus on the airport side of things, but you also got to keep in mind the global Travel Retail sector is a lot broader than just airport business, there's a lot of borders to our business in Europe and in China.
Lawson Whiting: So Military, I mean, so you've got a real big mix. But, I think, as Jane said earlier, global Travel Retail, while it’s hurting our growth rates right now because it's -- it's not big enough to really consider moving our corporate, say gross margin or operating margin around it. I wouldn't try to overthink that piece of it in terms of is that going to be a help or hindrance to our overall company gross margins.
Lawson Whiting: So, the rate of growth of our -- the cost of our whiskey products, really Jack Daniel's will moderate considerably next year relative to where we've been in the last couple of years.
Jane Morreau: Just to build on what Lawson said, a little bit more on the developed international. He was hitting on the UK. And as I said in my prepared remarks this morning, what's happened in the UK we believe is at least some short term disruption. So, if you get that short term disruption behind us next year, just having that market back to a state of stability, we’ll get us back more to our historic growth in that part of the world. So that will help. As Lawson said that it is the emerging markets. So, we've got a lot of pockets of growth and we're very excited about a number of those. But, as you know, emerging markets always have been volatile in everybody's business, but there are tremendous opportunities long-term. I see this all is really the short term right now.
Jane Morreau: Yes. I mean, I think, our business is smaller percentage wise than them. They have more concentration in Asia than we do. And so, our concentration of our Travel Retail business is more in Europe. So, they probably are being affected a bit more than we are from the Asia part of the world. With that being said, we had, as we've talked about the Travel Retail business before, it's quite lumpy and volatile anyhow from quarter-to-quarter and when people purchase. And so, we had a strong growth at the beginning of last year, first half, and now we're cycling against some softer growth in the second half of Travel Retail. We still do expect some improvement, but that'd be offset by this coronavirus on our business and the global -- just people less traveling internationally. So, we -- but that's what I would answer your question in terms of why others are different than our smaller and it’s where they’re concentrated.
Jane Morreau: Yes. So, let me start. I think, Lawson will chime in here too. The cash and carry is limited to a couple of customer -- one customer really. And so, that business -- and we talked about last time, so that really hasn't changed from our third quarter what we were referring to what was going on there. We just have a more precise thing, cash and carry this time. The increased promotional strategy, you are right, it was planned. And it's something that we're doing as we get ready to own our own distribution come May. And that's why when we look ahead to this market and the optimism we have going forward versus what we have had this year, we will be in control of a lot of our decisions of working with the grocers and determining the pricing strategies. And right now, that doesn't always happen. And so, that's important for us as we go forward. Just a reminder, why we made this decision to go on our own route-to-consumer, in the UK? This relationship has probably served us quite well. It started in 2002, served both companies quite well, but we had very limited portfolio at that time. I don't know, 10, 12, 15 brands. And now, combined, we have over 100 brands. So, you can only imagine the lack of attention, focus prioritization, understanding the consumer and focus on our own portfolio. And so, we haven't transitioned yet. That again is May 1. But, we believe the focus, the prioritization, the understanding the consumers, the more direct contact with our customers, if you will, will allow us to not only accelerate our business there but get our rest of our portfolio grown quite nicely.
Jane Morreau: Thank you, Vivien. I'm glad you asked the question. But, let me just pause for a minute. We want to be super clear here with what we have in our forecast. So, again, if you looked at what we did, it took our overall forecast down as you saw, reduced our underlying -- was two factors. First, it was the tempering of the growth and contribution from some of our international markets, again reflecting some sort of short-term disruptions as well, these macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges. So, when we look at our base business, but we would estimate now that our base business is doing -- is probably growing 3.5% to 4.5% range. It is therefore a couple of points less than what our expectations were just three months ago. But, the second factor that we built into our forecast, and this is what you are asking specifically about, Vivien, that led to our reduction in our top-line outlook, and again not surprising is just unpredictability and uncertainty surrounding the coronavirus and what it may have on our business globally. So, we've estimated at this point, there is about a point drag, including those markets that are currently affected. So, to your point directly, the Asian markets, including China, other parts of Asia, Travel Retail, and we have in -- Italy in there. So, collectively, that's about 8% of our business. And as I said earlier, yes, we've already seen areas -- many of these areas already affected in our February results. But that being said, we also have in that 1%, some additional downside impact. And we don't know, none of us know if that's going to be enough, too much. We’re learning daily as this situation unfolds. So, we're really only looking at our fourth quarter, we haven't tried estimating downstream, secondary effects on anything beyond the demand we see and then an expectation for perhaps it spread in some other markets. We don't know about the economy and the consumer confidence and sentiment and how they may linger into our first quarter in summer months. So, we'll obviously come back in June with more guidance on that for next year, so. Vivien, I went into a little bit more detail, but I thought it was important to phrase it for you or put in perspective in terms of where we are in this -- why we did reduce our guidance into the two buckets.
Jane Morreau: Kevin, just as I just mentioned a moment ago, our base business guidance would be in the probably -- in the 3.5% to 4.5% range. And we've got about a point drag from the coronavirus. So, whether it's going to be worse or not than that, we don't know. That's how we got to our low single-digit growth.
Jane Morreau: Yes. I'm sorry, if I make sure that I understand your question, did we earn less a higher or lower margin…
Jane Morreau: It’s definitely a higher operating margin because there is not brand spend in there. So, it's really more of the products themselves and the packaging that you see in some of the people -- the experience that are there, some more that…
Jane Morreau: Yes. Sure. I'll talk about -- we did talk about tequila or the agave cost a bit. And just as a reminder on that, we've been consistently saying that we expect agave cost to continue to increase through calendar year, most of calendar ‘21. So, in other words, we won't start to -- start seeing an easing to the back half of calendar '21, early calendar '22, so just as a reminder. And we've got that information based upon what is publicly available from the CRT. So, we can see when planting started to accelerate -- and we kind of know what the demand is. And so, we can see -- by the way, tons of plantings more recently. So, we know, six years or seven years from now we'll have -- there probably will be lots of pressure on pricing at that point in time. But, in the near term, again, it's going to be late calendar '21 and early calendar '22 before we see cost pressures. Now, with that being said, Bryan, it's important to note that what we're seeing in the market, where we had seen like a five-fold increase from 2015 in the price of the agave, it really -- and it rapidly increased during 2016 through mid last year, we have seen some slowing. It’s still growing, but not at -- and still at unprecedented dollar, or I guess, peso cost, if you will. But, it's just not growing as rapidly. So, that perhaps is a bit of a good news there, if you will. As it relates to the cost of wood, we have seen some moderation in that. But again, you're not going to start to see that come through our P&L because of our age products for four years from now, and coupled with that we have capital investments that we've made. So, all of that's going to factor in and none of that will come through our P&L from four years because of our aged products.
Jane Morreau: Yes. So, I mean it's a good -- the cannibalization question is one, it's -- first of all, we look at it about 16 different ways, trying to figure out how -- what is actually happening out there. Because, the honest -- we were a little more concerned about the cannibalization of Honey and Fire necessarily than we were on Black Label. But when we've done the work, and it's the same thing that we've said, sort of on prior when this has come up in prior conversations around Fire and Honey, there has been almost no cannibalization. To be honest, I think it probably surprises a little bit. But it just hasn't been there. There's -- it really has been successful in bringing in new consumers in different occasions and it just feels like it is showing through the analysis that we do that it's tiny. I mean, it's almost truly on -- what we've done so far year-to-date on the impact on Black Label is imperceptible. I mean, literally, a few thousand cases kind of thing, but it's not the reason that the Tennessee Whiskey brand in the U.S. has slowed down, like it has. Another piece of that is on a volumetric basis, Black Label is up nearly 3% at the same time that we've released Apple. So, I think that also gives us some confidence that just the cannibalization is not there.
