Don Berg: Yes, on the advertising expenses, and I think we mentioned this a little bit in the first quarter as well, there has been some timing shifts on all of that, and we are expecting that, we will be seeing more A&P activity towards the last half of the year in particularly during the course of this holiday period.  On the SG&A front, we were probably be seeing something in the array of increases in SG&A over the last half of the year because those comps are so difficult, and so when you think about when we look at the total operating expense line, that’s what’s kind of bringing us to the conclusions that I talked about in terms of low to mid single digits in operating income growth for the whole fiscal year.
Don Berg: Yes I think, I mean I think part of it is the time that we are in right now, the holiday period is always a very competitive period, and so you hear a lot about different additional discount programs that might be out there, and so that gives us a little bit of pause for concern although, it’s early yet, we will have to see how the holidays end up when all of a sudden done.  I think on the trading down front, it is particularly being seen in the U.S., although we see it in a couple of other countries outside the U.S. as well, and within the U.S. I mean when you follow kind of the NABCA and Nielsen data, I mean it continues to show stronger growth at the lower price points in our business; you are starting to see a little bit improvement at the higher end as well. It’s kind of in the middle where there seems to be a little bit of pressure.  So hopefully, we will be through that soon, but that’s pretty much the data that we are looking at is giving us some cause for concern.
Don Berg: I would just add a little bit to that Tim in just in terms of how to think about it, in most of the markets where we are actively involved in this, the offerings that we are giving tend to be the way that the brand gets consumed generally.  So for example, in Australia, most of that business, predominantly Jack & Cola which is very, very prevalent throughout there, and so what happens is it’s a convenient form of drinking the beverage in the way a consumer likes to drink it, and it gets us into new drinking occasions, and particularly more beer drinking occasions that we don’t necessarily get into otherwise, and so while some have gone after this market more in the trendy way that Paul is talking about or is it really been more concentrated in taking the parent brand the uses it has today, and giving it to consumers in a convenient way.
Don Berg: Sure, I mean there is no doubt that we have been seeing more and more pressure coming in from, particularly on the pricing side. We just looked at some of Nielsen data that came in as of November the 14th, and it’s interesting.  If you look at the top five suppliers and clearly, the largest have really taken down their price mix, anywhere around 2% and whereas the other three have us, Fortune and Bacardi have continued to try to find ways to create additional value through the pricing mechanism, and so I don’t think there is any doubt that coming into those holiday season, pricing was going to be more of an issue particularly here in the United States.  By having said that, I also think we will able to find the right ways to compete, I mean everyone is kind of out there with their coupons, we are out there with our FSIs, it’s a typically competitive period anyway, I think will end up finding ways that everybody will all get through it, but there is no doubt that we are starting to see some pricing pressure out there.
Don Berg: Well I mean there is potential there for us to see a boost coming into the early part of next calendar year as we relap against those, getting against that same period last year, there is no doubt.
Don Berg: Well hopefully overtime we will get back to that point, I think it will probably be pretty gradual, I think part of what’s boosting our confidence when we looked at some of the data that we have seen recently, two of the categories that seems to be doing particularly well at the higher end are whisky and tequila, and so it serves us particularly well if those trends to continue, but I do think in terms of some of the premiumisation that we saw in the past to get back to those levels it’s going to take some time.
Don Berg: Tom one of the reasons it was so strong last year is, I mean, the third quarter into a lesser extend the fourth had to bear the entire brunt of the seasonalization of that expensing because, in the first half we wouldn’t have envisioned it in the first half, and then whereas this year we’ve been able to plan for it a little more through each quarter, so the delta is going to look pretty significant as we get into the third quarter.
Paul Varga: Yes, the way I might add to that Lauren is, versus those folks who you might be referencing that are seeing a reversal of prior trends, I mean we are seeing more stabilization, I would say of the trading down phenomenon and but it hasn’t yet turned the corner and started to go back toward better trends for the most premium price brands versus the value on top of their price.
Paul Varga: Well I will tell you, it depends there was a lot of transition that was going on with the brands and all of its in the two primary countries, that even outside the U.S. and Mexico, but we would estimate sort of at the consumer level that the brand was somewhere in the 125,000 case range back a couple of years ago.
Paul Varga: That goes so far as your last statement that the shape of the spirits business to come, actually if you have had that expectation then I could see what you might be concerned, because I think by bringing a balance view to it would help.  I actually think there is a perception that because these brands are in a single serve format that they therefore are trendy, and our experience if we just peg the primary markets where we have ready-to-drink entrance, we have been in existence successfully in those markets for probably on average in excess of a decade, the Australia business goes back now and it’s roughly around 15 years I think Don.  The U.S. business where we’ve got a decent presence is a 20-year old business, the Germany business now, it’s probably more or like a six to seven year old business, Mexico the ready-to-drink brand down there, New Mix has been around for quite sometime. So, I know because we have seen the lot of volatility and in the trends that you see from especially those that break out and get to very high levels and they drop it gets that perception, but we tend to think of them more, if you market them more as extensions of your parent brand versus free standing trendy drinks, I think they have a better chance of endurance. On the profitability side of it, you have to remember that we tend to convert these to their how useful they are in the assets that we have such as whisky or vodka or tequila whatever it happens to be the expression, and you do, when you convert the overall business, I mean you can use conversion rates depending on the project from anywhere from eight to ten to one, and when you do that and multiply that also times the growth profit per case, they become very attractive alternative and hold up very well versus spirits brands.  So in addition, there is not typically as much aged inventory in warehouses behind them. So, I think there is a lot of benefits to them, it have to managed carefully and thoughtfully like almost any business, but I think on some levels because of the fluctuation in trends for some of the leading brands at various times they have gotten a bad reputation for being too trendy.
Paul Varga: Well might be Lindsay, that will depend more on how the environment recovers more so than what we’ve been doing in the interim, actually things what we’ve been doing will prepare us even better for any recovery, because of the fact we’ve kept our brands relevant during the time when in the absence of things like ready-to-drink and special packages that our brand trademarks could have become less relevant. It’s really just a shift in course that I think we’ve made to try to be where the consumer is, and in this case the large sort of within the industry term we referred to as the shift from on-premise to off-premise.  As Don mentioned, with the media spending particularly here in the last several months is well down the impressions are up, so I feel like from a total marketing program in trying to meet the needs of our consumers today, we are doing the right job for today, but also positioning the business for any kind of recovery and depending upon how that recovery unfolds we will make that what we hope for the right adjustments to continue to stay with the consumer. So, I don’t have even a minute concern that we are doing something today that would hurt our chances in the future or would hurt our ability to participate in the future recovery.
Paul Varga: And that was both through that period that we saw from really, from last year’s end of Q2, all the way through the end of the year, we saw examples and they were in our numbers in the last half of not only distributable, we will call distributor inventory reductions, so it is also the most prominent period for retail inventory reductions as people dealt with the financial crisis, so I think there is the potential on both end that we could a beneficiary against those soft comps.
Paul Varga: And I would add to that, I think the Don comments I think are right on the money as it relates to most of the developing world. I actually think that in the emerging world, often whether people used the brick acronym or whatever, that the degree of premiumisation may be even stronger than what we would have experienced in places such as the United States or Europe over the prior 10 or 20 years, as those economies grow and the middle classes emerge, and they have more access to disposable income.  I actually think premiumisation as you refer to the trading up should become a stronger phenomenon in those countries, and in terms of where the demographics are, and population growth, those should be very attractive markets as the global economy continues to recover, and they could come back faster in some cases to say the references we often make to the U.S. market or maybe a western Europe.
Paul Varga: Sure, on various brands and various prices, I mean as we always say, I think in the aggregate which sure are going to look today’s opportunities, it will depend somewhat on the degree of competitiveness in each market from price discounting and things like that, but I think the last 12 months as Don referenced, we have been able in one of the more difficult environments that I can ever recall to be able to take frontline prices up and then hold on to most of the increase. So, on our key brands where we do have real pricing potential. So if things improve we would hope to be able to do that or do better.
Paul Varga: It’s just too early we are still in really evaluation and consideration stage, but wanted the people to be aware that it could have the potential that third quarter or fiscal year end, they have an influence on our reported earnings, but it’s just too early right now to know what impact that might have.
Paul Varga: We don’t know, we truly are in the evaluation and given consideration of what we are going to do over there and it goes a little bit beyond Europe, but it’s mostly Europe.
Paul Varga: The majority of it spirits around the world, the one exception have been in the United States where the country cocktails brands which is actually one of our first if not our first ready-to-drink expression, changed several years back to malt, but vast majority of its spirit based.
Paul Varga: Well I might talk a little bit Don you might fill in here, I think that I mean, we genuinely have a tiered pricing portfolio strategy for our entrance in the United states, and it goes everywhere from one of our products actually below the el Jimador price has been with us for a long time, which we think has a little bit better price fighting capability which is Pepe Lopez.  Then el Jimador hit the sweet spot for us, at around that $20 price point and so being very premium priced, and at a 100% agave meeting one of the needs of the U.S. market place but also capturing, what we think is a wonderful opportunity for the U.S. Hispanic audience to consume el Jimador in America whereas, previously it was less available as Mexican American sorted out. Of course you mentioned Herradura which is the most premium priced, but even in between there is a brand that we are beginning to test in the United States, which is Antigua, which is a pretty large sized brand down in Mexico which is between the el Jimador and Herradura price points.  You got quite a bit of excitement about it for filling the same role that el Jimador is right now, in terms of meeting the needs of Mexicans in America who are seeking that brand out, and of course Herradura has been in the country for a long time, it’s been under distributed in our view, and right now it’s got the same conditions, and issues that are confronting a lot of brands up above $40 a bottle that are skewed to the on–premise. But we are doing a pretty good job I would say with the new label launch which went out in the United States in September of getting added points to distribution and we are starting to see a little bit of pickup in the brand, which is really good despite the fact that the conditions are great. So we sort of run the gamut from $10 to $15 at the low end all the way up to above $40 and it was part of a tequila strategy we have when we purchased the company.
Paul Varga: It actually does, depending on the expression. Actually they all will have slightly different prices based on the expression.
Paul Varga: Yes, Tom we are actually in the process of repositioning Finlandia in the United States right now. And so we have taken the price down on a permanent basis, while we have taken it to a spot that we think is probably represents kind of where the consumers sees a greatest price value relationship, and as a result of that that’s where we are seeing some of this nice growth coming through the United Sates right now.
