Leanne Cunningham: Good morning, Nadine. Thank you. I'll start with the first part of your question, which is we have talked about the comp that we had in the first quarter compared to the comp that we had in the last -- the first quarter of last year, which was when we had very strong shipments. And if you go back to our -- what is that point in time was the Schedule C, you would have seen the impact that we had there. So it is partially that we are comping the very strong comp. It's also, we don't see it as destocking. We have finally gotten our inventory levels back up to what we believe is normal. We've been working on that for a year and bringing you along in that story along the way. What we see now is a change in distributor buying patterns in that other part that you're asking about. And it really comes back to, we continue that we lapped everything related to the pandemic. We now have to comp the things related to supply chain disruption. And as we got into supply chain disruption before that, we had a very consistent cadence and seasonality of our shipments. But due to the various ways that we determined that we needed to rebuild our distributor inventories, first, prioritizing Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey, which would have started in the second half of 2020 and then moving into the first half of 2023, where we were able to prioritize Woodford Reserve, Gentleman Jack and Jack Daniel's flavors. We also prioritize markets for the US first and then Europe and emerging international as we worked our way through the rebuilding of the inventory. So the cadence and timing of our shipments are abnormal from what we would -- our historic norms. So once we're back into a stable inventory position for long enough, we believe it will become less volatile and will be kind of back to our historic norms. But again, for us, we have been working for a year to get back up to that normal level of inventory across the world, and we now believe that we're there. So I hope that helps.
Leanne Cunningham: Yeah. So just for clarification, we said partially comping the rebuilding and it's also partially a change in the distributor buying patterns because we are off our normal cadence of shipments or our historical trends because of how we chose to prioritize how we rebuilt our brands and in what markets we were rebuilding those. So over the longer period of time, that will begin to normalize.
Leanne Cunningham: I'll add some color to that. And if you look at Schedule B, you can see that really, for the most part, shipments and depletions are aligned except for where you -- we get down to the Jack Daniel's ready-to-drink and that's all about the launch of the Jack Daniel's and Coca-Cola in the US. So where we are right now is they're in line. Over a longer period of time, as shipments over the last few years have been stronger than depletions as we've been working to rebuild inventories, we do expect that depletions would need to come back in long and will exceed our shipments in this year is what is built into our guidance. So as we think about that, we will continue to update you as we go through the quarters. But right now, you still believe our depletions will be a bit ahead of our shipments as we go through this fiscal year.
Leanne Cunningham: You're remembering that correctly. And what we're talking about as far as comp is the entire company because we had the really strong shipments in the first half of last year. But you are correct that as we get into the second quarter, the shipments and depletions more normalized. But the one thing we have to remember is, and we'll share this with you every quarter as we get into the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, then we'll have to lap the launch of Jack Daniel's and Coca-Cola in the US.
Leanne Cunningham: It's really about the launch of the Jack & Coke and how it is and the buying patterns that are in there. So that's creating a lot of noise in the difference between what you would see in our takeaway trends and what's happening in our net sales. So it's just -- again, as we were coming through and the gap is narrowing over the last few quarters, but then as we launched Jack and Coke and it's not all the way through into those takeaway numbers yet. That's creating the gap for us.
Leanne Cunningham: Okay. Great. Thanks. So I'll start with our gross margin for the first quarter, which was, as you noted, expanded 90 basis points, and it's where our price/mix more than offset the inflation on our input cost. And it was really driven by our price mix, which was plus 250 basis points that was driven by kind of the price increases across our portfolio that was led by Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey. We also still, and I'll just point this out, as the last time I'll have the opportunity to say it is the last of the benefit from the removal of the UK tariffs on American whiskey because they rolled off June 1 of '22. And as you pointed out, the impact of inflation on our input cost has been partially offset by supply chain disruption costs. And then, so that's a good segue for me to go into the full year. And again, everything I say here is built into our operating income guidance. But we do expect price mix to continue to be a leader for us this year with our long-term pricing and new growth management strategies. We'll have the -- from a cost perspective, we'll have the absence of the supply chain disruption costs that will be significantly less to zero in F '24. And we'll still have inflation that will negatively impact our input cost in total, but though at a lower level. And to your question, I'll talk to you about a couple of our key input items starting with agave. And it really is about what we said. We've been talking about this for a very long time. We're really excited that it's finally starting to come down. We've been looking out there for such a long period of time seeing those large number of plantings and waiting for supply to catch up with the demand, and we are approaching and arriving to that now. We just wanted to be clear, though, with everybody, though, like we said in our prepared remarks, we do have finished cases in the supply chain -- in the supply chain and our inventory that need to be sold through, and it varies by SKU how much inventory we have, but generally speaking, that would be three to four months depending on SKUs. So well, we need to work through that. And then like we talked about for our portfolio of tequilas, reposado and anejo and some of our other expression are aged liquid. So we need to continue to let them go through their aging cycle before they're bottled and that inventory is sold through. But as we get to expressions like blanco or any non-aged expressions, we'll see that benefit more quickly. So it's really more about the inventory -- moving through the aged liquid and the finished goods inventory. Though there -- a bit of it will be the mix, just between what do we need to meet our needs. So we do grow our own internal agave. And but where we have needs, we source on the spot market. As you know, we've been clear with that over time. So balancing all those things, and I think I'll just say that in a number of months from now, we're going to continue -- we're going to see a meaningful benefit that will come towards the end of our fiscal '24 and well into F '25, which continues to make us excited about it to look ahead because we know agave and the cost of wood have been our two biggest challenges over the last number of years as it relates to our costs. And just to give you a quick update on wood while I'm here, the commodity cost for wood continues to remain high, but we have made a lot of strategic changes to our wood supply chain that is beginning to benefit us and yield those benefits. And we continue to believe, we are going to continue to see those benefits as we move through '24 and then well into the future as well. So we've got that positioned well. Just -- I'll real quickly hit just in case anybody's curious, grain for us, which is largely corn, it's below its peak. We're expecting it to be stable but well below kind of the prior year's prices. And with the reduction of natural gas and diesel prices, we will still see a bit of a small -- a slight increase in our glass cost but less than what we've had. So all in all, this is built into our guidance. And in total, our cost trends are moving and appear to be moving in a favorable direction for us. So I hope that helps as you think about gross margin where we were for the quarter and kind of where we're thinking for the full year.
Leanne Cunningham: Yeah. And if you don't mind, Vivien, I'll kind of scope back out, and I'll kind of talk about our full year because I think we need to put what happened in Q1 into context with how we're thinking about the full year. So I'm going to go a little bit broader first, just to say, like I've shared, we've lapped the impact of the pandemic to a more normalized level, and we're on that elevated base. We're still lapping impact of just supply chain disruption. But the reasons we believe that we're going to deliver our full year guidance is we lap those strong shipments of the rebuilding of our distributor inventory. And like we talked about here today, once we adjust for the estimated net change in distributor inventories that you've seen on Schedule D, we believe our brands and our business are healthy. So I'll tie that back to how we're investing in it. The investment really kind of came with the launch of Jack Daniel's and Coca-Cola in the US. We are getting ready to launch that in September, which is just a few days away in Germany. So when Lawson said in his prepared remarks that the majority of that hit in the first few months of the year, it's to support those launches, and we're going to get back to that normal trend. But I think it's important to go ahead and say, for our full year, we've got our pricing and our revenue strategies, we've got the addition in the back of the year that's not in the first half of the year, which is the impact of Gin Mare and Diplomatico that will be moving into our organic results. So we feel good about our top-line guidance. We also feel good about the absence of supply chain disruptions and the costs associated with that. We feel good that from a full year perspective, we will invest in our brands in a way that lands with how we planned it, which is in line with top-line growth though heavily skewed to the front end. And that, we've said this already, but from an operating expense perspective, SG&A, we continue to invest in our route to consumers. We know that's Japan and also Slovakia for fiscal 2024. And we've got all this built into our guidance. So even with all the noise that we're talking through today, we believe we're going to land our operating income growth at that 6% to 8%.
Leanne Cunningham: Yeah. So again, we've been working, again, scoping out working on our, increasing our route to consumer in to own distribution models for quite some time. We've had prior to 2020 -- fiscal 2024, we've had 14 markets move into own distribution. We've seen a lot of success. They deliver a lot of things like they fuel our growth, strengthen our position. They do unlock value for us, and we're continuing to move forward in that. So specifically, and this year as it relates to Japan, we are in the process of transition. We know that if you were to look at a year-ago period, we were with our distributor partner, we had inventory in that market to supply the sales, and we're going through just the transition. And so as we -- again, all of this is built into our full year plan. But again, fiscal 2024 for us is going to be a year of transition in Japan. And with that, we have SG&A costs associated with it, and we have a bit of volatility in our inventory levels as we make that transition.
Leanne Cunningham: So what I would say and you can probably see some of this on a cash flow statement is that, again, as we compare to a prior year period where we were working really, really hard to get all of the supply chain replenished with finished goods inventory, we now have what we've talked about, all of the parts of the chain replenished, including our own inventory. We go into probably the important holiday selling period ready to supply that. So we believe by the time, it's a bit high right now, again, if you look for our own inventories. But as we go through the holiday period, we will, by the end of the year, our plan is that we have that worked down and then our own inventories, too, are back in the normal. That's the last piece of the chain that we will be normalizing and we are ready to make those shipments for the holiday season.
Leanne Cunningham: We've never shared that and it changes over time depending on the category demand, our finished goods inventory, our liquid inventory. So it does ebb and flow and we do grow our own and we supplement it with the external as we see demand above what we are able to grow ourselves and then our sourcing strategy that's implied in there. So again, we are excited that, that is finally coming down, that supply is coming on. We continue to think that, that's going to be a tailwind for us as we move through F '24 and well through '25.
Lawson Whiting: Let me try to add on to that, Nadine, a little bit, too, because I do want to make sure everybody sort of -- I get that this is really confusing. And I do make -- reiterate really what Leanne said, that this is a comparison issue though, it is not a destocking. And let me give you why it's not a destocking because I knew that would sort of feel normal at this point. So if you go -- literally, you can go back three years, the summer of 2020 into the fall, really into the spring of -- I'm talking calendar years here, not fiscals. We -- it was kind of the boom years. It was the post-COVID, Nielsen numbers were up at like 30% for everyone, and there was just an enormous uplift in the entire industry. You get to the summer of '21, and it begins to show up in terms of glass shortages really for Brown-Forman, it's seemingly worse than everyone else. But we really began to have those challenges in the summer of '21, and it was a challenge for about eight months, where we ran global inventories down so low, and that would be going so far as to say the consumer inventory, the retail inventories, layers of distributors had got very low and we had out of stocks all over the place. We were at that time, working very hard. We're diversifying our glass supply. We're moving bottling lines. We're doing all sorts of things to try to alleviate the glass shortage and it starts to come back right in the spring of '22. So -- and as Leanne said, we prioritize Jack because at that point, the on-premise is opening around the world and we did not want to miss that. But so Jack Daniel's really begins to move and had a huge year in fiscal '22 and had a big year in fiscal '23 also. So Jack gets replenished in the spring and into the early summer, but now you get into the summer of '22, which is the one we're comparing against as we said earlier Woodford, Gentleman Jack, all three flavors and basically our whole portfolio really begins to come back online. Now the reason there's not a destock here, this is where it takes -- it doesn't -- you wouldn't think this at first, but what was happening because retail inventories were so low that those cases of Woodford and the Gentleman Jack, the entire portfolio got to the distributor warehouse they were outside the back door in about 20 minutes because the retail environment was so desperate for the product. So our days never crept up. And so we haven't had to take them down. I mean, so it's not a days of inventory issue, and it's not a destocking issue. It's just these comparisons against some crazy quarters. And I finish this off, and I don't want to spend much more time on this. But Q1 of last year, JD -- Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey was plus 21%, total company was plus 17%. So you're comping against numbers like that. Q2, just to sort of foreshadow everyone is a big quarter, too. So we have another one as we continued to replenish these inventories through Q2 of last year and then the comps get much, much easier. But it's been a volatile ride. It's been a volatile ride for five years. But the business is solid. I think if you look at the Nielsen numbers, in particular right now, they're kind of -- they've normalized. But as we said last quarter, normal is good. We've got this business, I think, rolling in the right direction and momentum is good and the volatility, we don't love the volatility, but it is there. We've got a little bit longer to go, but I still argue -- not argue, but I'd still venture to say that our underlying business is in pretty good shape.
Lawson Whiting: I mean, I think to tear it apart a little bit by geography, I mean, the US market, if you look at GDS in Nielsen, it's sort of between five and six, I think, we're right there, too. So the US market, I mean, there's so much noise in the sales numbers, I know. But the US market is in a pretty decent shape. It's definitely being elevated by the RTD piece of things. So I do -- I think it's fair to say the full strength has the -- some of its comparisons, but the full strength market has softened a little bit. But it's being made up for us for the most part in our international markets, which continue to be really strong and particularly the emerging markets, which really is in its third year of pretty outstanding growth. That growth is coming from a very wide variety of markets, which is always nice also. It's one of the -- while we are so dependent on Jack Daniel's, when you talk about the international markets, there's so much geographic diversification that for instance, South America and Mexico, we've had an outstanding run and there are markets in Eastern Europe that are on really strong runs right now. So we've got really strong pockets of growth coming out of some of our most important markets. UK is actually in pretty good shape right now, too, and is delivering well. So no, the business is not turning into a 1% growth. No one is thinking of that.
Lawson Whiting: Yeah. Sure, because this is one of the topics that also is a little bit confusing. So as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the global volumes, it's about 1.8 million cases across the 11 markets. Now the part -- I think most people know, but a reminder, I guess, some markets are led by Brown-Forman and others are being led by the Coca-Cola Company. So that is what is throwing some of our volume numbers off in the spreadsheet. And I think it's what you're referring to. There are markets where Coca-Cola is taking the lead, and I'll use the UK as a good -- probably the clearest example. We had a big Jack & Cola business there, and now we are evolving that over to Jack & Coke. So those sales of the actual -- sales to the Tescos of the world, will not be on our books anymore, it's going to be on the Coca-Cola's books but it doesn't mean the business is going away, it's just we're taking out the cola and replenishing or replacing it with Jack & Coke. And so that's why the numbers look like they're going down, but that's not really the case in real -- system-wide, they're not. It's just the way that's being reflected on our financial statements. So -- and I think -- look, I'd also reiterate, I mean, this has been a great launch. It's an iconic product. We are really investing highly behind this launch as is the Coca-Cola Company. And so -- there's been a lot of broad reach media, there's events, there's trade executions, and it's got -- it is off to a very strong start. So the increased visibility, I think, is important, the market share gains we're getting. We've got a lot of positive factors. So -- and it's got 2% of the category in the US. It's got 2% share already, and it's only been three or four months. So it's off to a good start, and we feel pretty good about it. And I think the long-term potential is exciting and a lot of things that it does for the health of the brand, along with the actual business proposal itself. So it’s ff to a good start.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean, so it is less. Q2, I said a minute ago, Jack was still up 14% in Q2. So it's still -- we've still got high comps, but it is normalizing.
Lawson Whiting: Well, I mean, those numbers never tick and tie exactly. I think the 5% growth number, which includes Jack & Coke, it’s a pretty solid sort of result. The US for like a decade has been between 4% and 5% with the exception of these sort of post-COVID years when it really blew up. Yeah, the difference between the -- getting from minus 9% on an organic basis and adjusting for the distributor inventories is what gets you to the 2%. I don't know if I can explain the difference between the 2% and 5% necessarily. I don't think it's not a huge number.
Lawson Whiting: Yeah. I mean I had not heard that the beer companies were really stepping up that much. But I do think, as you said, the long-term philosophy is to keep it in step with sales. We have significantly increased our [pop-up] (ph) spending in the last two years, I mean by well over $100 million. And so I think we feel pretty good that we have gotten ourselves in a comfortable place. And I think we can manage the P&L from there. I mean, look, the beer companies are struggling. And so they are quite sure they are trying to figure out ways to obviously turn their brands around, some brands are in real trouble. And they're going to find a way to try to spend their way out of that. But I don't see us doing that. And I don't really think, at least in the short term, I don't see much of a reaction out of us because of that. Their challenges are sort of unique to them, and we'll continue to hop forward the way we have.
Lawson Whiting: One more comment on the beer versus spirits thing, more to the RTD world. I think it's just -- and their need to advertise because the malt-based RTDs obviously have gone through a huge amount of upheaval in the last few years where they exploded and then they've taken a sharp dive. Most -- a lot of it is coming at the expense of the spirit-based RTDs which I just -- I found interesting. I don't think any of us predicted that to happen. But I think at the end of the day, the consumer is willing to pay more, substantially more for a spirit-based RTD than a malt-based RTD because they taste better. And that is making the numbers get a little bit wild in the world of Nielsen and all the rest of it. But I think we have -- we -- not Brown-Forman, but I mean the industry is showing that the consumer is willing to pay a little bit more for something that tastes really good. And it's been interesting to watch those dynamics.
Lawson Whiting: Well, that's just going straight to that Schedule D. So that's where we would -- I think Leanne said, if you adjust to the distributor inventory topic, we'd be running it at 8% top-line. So that's the reference to the higher than sort of higher than historical norms in terms of sales growth. And that's the part that gets -- honestly gets us feeling confident because that number is pretty healthy. Now the 1%, I think we talked about that a few minutes ago, there's a lot of RTD movement in there, it's suppressing it. And the other part of it is volumes. We've taken a lot of pricing. I think that contributes to it too because we're getting -- more of our sales growth now is coming from pricing than it has over the historical periods. So it's a little bit of a balance.
Lawson Whiting: All right. Let me answer the second one first a little bit because it is -- we were obviously getting prepared for this, I knew that question would come. It was very difficult to get sort of turns of repeat purchase rates. It's just too early. We're getting massive distribution flow and that has been impressive and very good. And so we've essentially reached most of our goals in a pretty short period of time. But we just don't have that. We'll have that -- I assume by next quarter, we'll probably have some indications on that, that will be a little bit better, but it's just playing too early. Now as the year -- as the year goes on, the highlight or the highlights, I guess, we've launched in the UK. We've launched in Spain and Poland, and all is going pretty well, and I think we've talked about that. We're really, the big one that's coming is Germany. So that's going to happen in September. And Germany is a very large RTD market for Brown-Forman. And so, sort of getting that right is obviously going to be very important, but that will be exciting to watch, and we'll see how that goes. So -- and then Coca-Cola is taking it in a lot of other -- getting bigger in a lot of other markets, places like Japan, we talked about the Philippines, the UK, Poland, Hungary, Netherlands, Ireland. So the international rollout continues throughout this fiscal year.
