Paul C. Varga: Well, for the industry, of course that's going to vary market by market. But as I was referencing in my comments, we've seen such nice momentum for the area where we have the greatest concentration, which is the whiskey, particularly the American whiskey business, and we've talked on several calls about the growing popularity of it and we would anticipate that for example, using the United States as one backdrop that we could look at, we would expect that the bourbon and American whiskey business to continue to grow share of what is a growing U.S. distilled spirits market. So we consider the momentum that exists in a key country like the United States to be at our backs and we don't see any reasons, at this stage, why that would cease.
Paul C. Varga: I'm actually -- I think some of the numbers we've been seeing out of there, is it's been -- they've been soft at the distilled spirits level. You can find pockets of categories that are doing better than others. But I mean, it's been -- generally been, I mean, difficult flooding for the industry in many of those countries. That's why I think it's noteworthy how well Brown-Forman has continued to perform in Europe.
Paul C. Varga: We are always looking at that, but as it relates to a fundamental shift like the one we made in Germany, for example, a couple of years ago, that has helped Brown-Forman's German business, or one that we announced down in, for example, Turkey back in the beginning of this calendar year, there's nothing that we have to talk about right now, as it relates to fundamental changes in the route-to-market that -- we just don't have any information on that at this time.
Paul C. Varga: Percentages, let me think about it. I mean, we've averaged over the last many years, something in the like -- the $50 million to $60 million CapEx range. I think, Don your comments were...
Paul C. Varga: It's very long-term volumetric growth rate. That's why we refer to it as the once-in-a-generational type investment.
Paul C. Varga: Yes, I think, Dara, that part of it is influenced by wanting to position, particularly several of our brands, I mean, Jack Daniel's being one of them, in a -- in the marketplace, at the right premium positions, which we consider to be super-premium position. I think those are things you're conscious of. We are very conscious of that, watching that over the last several years just because of the price sensitivity we were observing around the world. But if you just look at the premiumization trends, whether they're here in the U.S., or some of the consumer interest in the ever-more premium brands in emerging markets, I mean, we just want to make sure that Jack Daniel's against that backdrop, continues to be viewed for, as large and as successful it is, as a very special brand. So these are decisions you make along the way as well. So almost alongside the environment's receptiveness to it or our desire to build our margins, any of those other important considerations as well, there is that aspect of it too, that's influencing us.
Paul C. Varga: Yes, I mean, I think, Dara, as always, the answer on whether the premium position will improve. I think in some markets, you have to look at it as to where you're positioned in any point in time. I think, absolutely, our premium position will improve to the extent we go up, either faster or more, than some of our competition. And that, in some cases, will be the intent. We actually also think, that if you just look at this, maybe on a rolling 12 or 24-month basis, as to what the activity is out there in the marketplace as it relates to how much people are discounting, how many front-line FOB increases, where the shifts in the business are in terms of the retail outlets, what sizes are being sold, there are a lot of influences to the -- what the consumers experience in terms of what they pay in the marketplace. But it continues to be an off-premise driven market and therefore, you do have much more sensitivity to price, and I just think the environment generally, has improved. And when you have the -- when you compare it like this to last year, the last 2 years to the prior year or 2 years, and when you actually also think about the categories that we're competing in, the fact that it has so much momentum should give you encouragement as well. And a lot of that momentum is being generated in prices above some of our brands. So all of that is encouraging, I think. And so it adds up to us feeling better this year than we would have felt a year ago.
Paul C. Varga: Yes, and by the way, those European price changes for us were associated with excise taxes. So those are very different consumer responses and retail responses you see there versus ones where we're fundamentally taking price on our own accord, and not associated with excise taxes. And shifting to the U.S., I mean, I can only cite through the syndicated data I have had a chance to look at, which is through about the end of our fiscal year, to be honest, and so -- but all the signs that we've been talking about in that data continued on through that period. And I mean, the most encouraging number I saw that was just on a dollar basis is with the spirits business generally, seemed to advance on a dollar basis by about 50% [ph] for the last 12 months. And the -- just using the bourbon category as a surrogate for the American whiskey, it was up, just shy of 7%. So I mean, that was a continuation of the momentum. Where we get really mixed reports on your reference to the on-premise, off-premise, we hear a lot of things anecdotally and observe some things that encourage us. Then you look at some of the reports, for example, the NABCA data, or something, for signs of that showing up and some of it is not being as reinforced. We also look at of course, the public company, casual dining reports, and the things they talked about. So we really see a mixed picture on that. And we see most of the growth continuing right now to be pushed along by the off-premise segment.
Paul C. Varga: And of course, it remains to be seen. I think -- an important consideration is what sort of responses we get of course, to the new pricing that we're putting into the marketplace. And then you've got this, what I think is an important consideration for our company, which is the combination of the year 2 phenomenon for Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey in the United States, recycling against such a successful introduction, potentially offset by the success we may be able to achieve by expanding it in the international markets.
Paul C. Varga: Well, I mean, first is that just the appreciation we have for any line extension we do on Jack Daniel's. Even though it's been very successful in the United States and it's the dynamics, particularly the flavored whiskey and flavored brown spirit expansion that was occurring in the United States' distilled spirit market, against which Jack Daniel's Honey entered, was a very important consideration for us. And then, when you begin to take it outside the United States, you want to see what other sources of growth exist for Tennessee Honey's introduction. And with Jack Daniel's, we just always tend to go a bit slower. I think very appropriately so, because you want to learn market by market, what might work and where a new entrant like Tennessee Honey might actually source its volume. You want to pay great attention to the potential for cannibalization. I think by paying great attention to it in the United States, we actually struck a beautiful balance of the way we've entered the market and what we've been able to accomplish there, and we just want to do that everywhere we take it as we assess its potential. So I think there's a number of factors to consider. Actually, the number of markets we're going into around the world have -- had been asking for Tennessee Honey for a while. So we know that there's a demand or call at least from our people, and from a lot of their customers, to try Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey. So we're going to call this maybe a phased rollout, based on the learning we get, not first and foremost from the U.S. but also in the new markets we're entering.
Paul C. Varga: Judy, I would add, we do have an enormous amount of innovation going on around Finlandia and the vodka category right now. It's just a -- it's a pretty exciting time at the company. Within Finlandia, at site, we've launched a ready-to-drink format in Mexico in the past 12 months, Finlandia Frost, which we've -- are pretty encouraged by its year one results. We've just launched, in the first part of this calendar year in Poland, a new flavor extension. That's a spiced vodka, which we have some hopes for. Globally, we've rolled out what we consider to be an improved package for Finlandia that has made its way into distribution, solely around the world, which we think can contribute positively to some of the sales trends, and even the very super-premium entry into a select number of markets with the brand, Finlandia platinum. So there's a number of different things we've been doing to round out the overall Finlandia brand approach, and then Don mentioned a number of these other ones, which also include a really little brand that we bought in the past year, Maximus, which we've restaged for launch here in -- relaunch in FY '13 over in Poland that we hope will give us a boost in that country as well.
Paul C. Varga: I also would add that this stuff is always very dependent on some combination of -- I think you asked your question along the lines of, is it industry-wide, or will we see all the companies. It literally -- it's just worth always remembering this. It happens brand by brand and then actually in some categories, they have better opportunity to increase prices than other categories. Some countries, because of the skew of there -- I always feel like it's influenced greatly by the skew of the business toward either the on or the off-premise. All of those have an influence on the degree to which people are willing to take price and the receptiveness that the market has to it. But I mean, I would say that worldwide, the whiskey category broadly, would have more pricing opportunity these days as we view it in the vodka category. It's just a generalization. I mean, it's just something I observed. And markets that have a very strong skew of the business to the on-premise have less price sensitivity generally, than those that have enormous off-premise businesses. So you're going to want to look at it market by market, category by category. It really helps when you have a brand like we do, like Jack Daniel's that has the consumer and retail strength that it does, to be able to act almost in some regards as a leader, as it relates to pricing.
Paul C. Varga: No, there's a genuine standard of identity associated with Tennessee Whiskey that is actually -- was very smart on Mr. Jack Daniel's part years ago to make it -- the thing that it hinges on is the charcoal mellowing process that is associated very much with the Tennessee Whiskey making, in that Tennessee Whiskey method. So, yes, there's a very definitive standard of identity for Tennessee Whiskey.
Paul C. Varga: Sure, you had a handful of observations in there. I think the -- as it relates to the last one, of course we watch all of these closely. But our current plans estimate that supplies will be adequate to meet our forecast for demand. In this year, of course, in almost every year, Tim, the demand forecast is always the uncertain variable in that equation. Things we'll be paying particular attention to in FY '13 will be things we've already mentioned, the marketplace's reaction to our price increases, but also just this -- the reception to the global expansion of Tennessee Honey. Both of those will naturally influence the aggregate forecasted demand for Jack Daniel's. But the things we announced this morning in Don's commentary about expanding generally so we can meet the long-term hopes and expectations we've got for the Jack Daniel's brand, I think are very encouraging, as it relates to just the continuing growth runway we see for Jack and reinforced even more so by the fact that, that of the stuff I talked about, which is how well the company and the brand held up during the difficult times in the last 5 years and the responsiveness of the line extension activity. One thing we -- I mean, I think is a really unique potential advantage of American whiskies is that when you think about the 2 axes, one being price and one being flavor, that I really do observe around the world that these American whiskies span and have the ability to extend themselves up and down a price spectrum so you can get premiumization, for example, through super-premium and ultra-premium line extensions. Additionally, and unlike some other whiskeys, is -- what we've observed is that than on the RTD's side and on the flavored whiskey side, in many ways, the American whiskey taste profile lends itself very well to mixability [ph]. So in my view, it opens up all kinds of expansion possibilities. If you just look back over our last 5 years of performance, at various times we've been referencing the wonderful growth that Gentleman Jack could be in this past year, the contributions from Tennessee Honey, for a few years in there referencing Australia and the global expansion of our RTDs, it's been a pretty comprehensive trademark performance. And all the while, Jack Daniel's Black Label continuing to march on. So all of that is really the encouraging point that we're making about the excitement around the American whiskey and us owning the leading brand trademark in it. So I think it adds up to why would you expand? To accommodate more of them.
Paul C. Varga: As I'd said, it's more market by market. I mean, like for example, we find that in a place like Poland right now, where the -- where we have a great position in the vodka market, but it's still very competitive. And so our confidence to move -- I'll just use this as an example, on Jack Daniel's for example, in the United States relative to Finlandia in Poland, we would have higher comps and it's just because of the competitive dynamics. So it isn't a wholesale comment that every brand and every market should have almost a blind constant to move. And so we try not to make blanket statements like that and decisions along those lines. We really want our people studying it closely and making the right judgments. And at times, we make those incorrectly too, of course. I mean, you might hope that the market can bear some of it. We've actually, in the past few years, had these tests where we've watched where we've taken the opportunity to either hold price or do some promotional pricing that hasn't stimulated the response we wanted. And then as accordingly, you study that, adjust and you don't do it anymore. Or you try something different. And so I think the pricing volume equation at Brown-Forman is probably no different than a lot of other companies who are trying to figure this out as you go along and you look at a lot of factors. But there's just no doubt that for the largest bulk of our business, which is in -- and behind Jack Daniel's and our whiskey business, that our confidence is better today in a handful of markets, for sure, and in many markets, just based on the momentums we've seen building over the last 24 months.
Paul C. Varga: Maybe a little bit but it hasn't really been -- Tom, as I think -- you may have heard from us before, that the American whiskey-making traditions, I mean, just because of climate and a number of the factoring in the new barrel versus the used barrel, I mean, they just really haven't been an age-denominated business proposition. For most of the bourbons or American whiskeys, there are a lot, of course, as you cite, out in, particularly in the international markets, where the age stratification can be important. We found other ways to do it. I mean, I found there's actually -- because they're one of our largest global whiskey competitors, they've chosen to do it more by color. We've always done it in a variety of different ways. And so, we try actually in our trade story and our conversations with people, it's an ongoing education for us to talk about how we bottled to, what we call maturities. So we want the appropriate maturity in the bottle and not necessarily some definitive age. And so we try and we use those techniques to market our American whiskey brands relative to -- in most instances, it's Scotch that are the brands that are using the age statements. But a lot of them, a lot of non-American whiskeys will use it. But I mean, we found, over the passage of time, as you can see from Jack Daniel's, which isn't an age-denominated product, it's not driven by that, that you can be wildly successful if you focus on the right things.
Paul C. Varga: Yes, the other emerging trend I would observe amongst particularly a number of the Scotch competition out there, is less of a reliance on definitive age statements. If you look at particularly some channels like travel, retail, this could be influenced in a bit by supply limitations in some regard. But you're just seeing a lot more branding and marketing on some of the SKUs and expressions that had very price points that really aren't marketed on the basis of an age statement. So we're even seeing a lot of the brands in categories that traditionally have used it -- back off of it a little bit.
Donald C. Berg: It's not to say there couldn't be some, Vivien. I mean, there are a couple of market contracts that are coming out, which is when you typically will start to look at them. But they're more in the back half of the fiscal year than the front half of the fiscal year.
Donald C. Berg: Yes. It varies. So I mean, if you look at some of the distilling capacity that we're looking at, I mean, we're designing in the way that we can basically continue to expand in phases. And so I think in total, over the host of a number of years, you'd probably be looking at the ability to keep up with Jack Daniel's growth, I think is probably the best way to say it.
Donald C. Berg: Dara, I'll start with Europe. I mean, I think most recently in Europe, we have, as Paul kind of alluded to earlier, we have been seeing spirits overall under I think some greater pressure. As far as our business goes, generally if you looked out over it, we have been taking share in most of the European markets. It's gotten a little bit noisy of late because of some of the price increases that we had already started implementing over there, particularly in the U.K. and France. And so, they're -- in terms of the buy-ins that we were seeing and working through all those buy-ins, and then starting to see a reaction at the consumer level with new prices and what have you, it's kind of hard to see -- penetrate through all of that, to see exactly how the brands are directly reacting with what's going on in the overall spirits market. But generally, what we've been seeing is similar to what we've been seeing more recently in terms of pressure on the spirits business, but more market share improvement for Brown-Forman.
Donald C. Berg: So yes, so on the margin side, the wine agency business that we've talked about represents probably around a point improvement that we would anticipate seeing next year. And then with the price increases being ahead, what we would anticipate being cost increases, we should see a little bit of improvement there as well, as the price increases start to take their full effect through the fiscal year. On the spending, we've been historically very consistent about the spending behind our brands. I think you can continue to expect that next year in terms of our spending growth increasing, fairly much in line with what we're seeing in terms of sales growth increases.
Donald C. Berg: But when you round it all, they're pretty close in line. But yes, you might see a little bit at the operating income line versus the sales line. But right now, it kind of all rounds to 9.
Donald C. Berg: So a lot of Finlandia's growth has been driven throughout the Central and Eastern European markets, in particularly Russia. Poland is its largest market. It, as a market overall, has continued to be a difficult market, generally. But Finlandia has been performing particularly well there. So we -- from everything we've seen, we would anticipate seeing continued nice growth there. Russia is the one that was probably the big story this last year, and it was going against some pretty soft comps because it did suffer a little bit in the transition in our distribution change a year ago. But it's got some very nice momentum there. And we're very excited about what the possibilities are there. I think in the United States, our approach has really been more broadly based than just looking at Finlandia. There was quite a bit of innovation that was brought out, last year and the last couple of years, with the Little Black Dress vodka and with the Chambord Vodka, and we're continuing to work with Finlandia both in terms of its quality positioning but also through some of the flavor profiles there that we're developing. And so I would say that in the U.S., we're really looking at a more broader-based vodka category approach, than just kind of looking at specifically through the lens of just Finlandia.
Donald C. Berg: Yes, I think right now, our view on a lot of the input costs, are they'll continue to increase, but our expectation is just that they would increase in a lesser rate than what we saw throughout fiscal 2012. And then as we look at those expectations compared to our planned price increases, that the price increases would more than cover what we're expecting in terms of the inflationary effects on the input cost.
Donald C. Berg: Well, I mean, you're always concerned on the excise tax side. In the U.S., if you want to start there, anytime anyone starts thinking about any kind of broad-based tax reform or the need for additional revenues, for the most part, it hasn't been brought up as part of that dialogue. But you're always vigilant about watching it and doing what you can to ensure that all of the great work that the industry has been doing from a responsibility standpoint, the people recognize it, and that an excise tax increase in the U.S. is really a tax on the overall hospitality industry. And I think those messages have really been quite effective up to now, in really kind of keeping excise tax increases in the U.S. at bay. But as governments get hungry, you can never just be quite sure. Outside the U.S., and we've seen a number of markets over the last several years where excise taxes have come in to play, most recently in the U.K. and France. Australia automatically takes excise tax increases along the lines of inflation twice a year. We'll continue to see that. And so, it's out there. But I think as we sit here looking out today, we don't see anything that would be particularly new or different from just kind of the general level or atmosphere that we've been seeing over the last couple of years.
Donald C. Berg: Yes, I think, kind of coming back to a little bit of what we talked about before. I mean, if you think about in the U.S., and again looking at some of the syndicated data, you have seen some improvement in the price mix. I think earlier in this calendar year, we were thinking that some of the pricing improvement we were seeing, we’re really more less promotional and what have you, as opposed to at the shelf. Anecdotally, we're starting to hear some things at the shelf. But my guess is we're going to be seeing more of it later into the summer than what you're currently seeing right now.
Donald C. Berg: Yes, Ian, we have this discussion at the beginning of every fiscal year in terms of how broadly we have to set that range and we went more broadly, kind of in the 2009 timeframe, just because of all the uncertainty that we saw at the marketplace. And I think as we sat here this year looking out at fiscal 2013, with everything that was going on in the eurozone and decide, the importance of that area to our business and then seeing more recently what has been going on in terms of increased volatility in currencies, and not just the euro, but also with the pound and the Aussie dollar, we just felt that it was prudent for us, at this point in time at the beginning of our fiscal year, to continue to take a little bit more of a cautious approach to the guidance. Plus, along the lines with some of the things we talked about earlier in terms of -- after going for a number of years with no price increases, coming out with the price increases, and not really being entirely sure how all that's going to be received in the marketplace, so you have all of that. Then you also, coming into kind of the second year of Honey and the importance of that had to our business last year and while overall, we anticipate that full year, we'll see growth on that brand, it's a little bit uncharted territory at this juncture.
Donald C. Berg: Yes. I mean, it was just a one-off issue related to a customs item. And it wasn't in fiscal -- it's really a comparison issue. It was in fiscal 2011, not fiscal 2012.
Donald C. Berg: Yes, it's in there a little bit. But in there is also -- you're seeing it showing up there in the A&P line. And that's mostly around the value-added packaging side of it, that where we're reducing value added packaging next year. To the extent that we saw additional increases in our cost of goods as a result of improved packaging, which can tend to have increased model cost and what have you, those are pretty much -- continue to be built in the cost of goods line. And for the most part, for most of those package changes now, there -- you pretty much have a good year-over-year comparison.
Donald C. Berg: Yes, Paul, actually I've talked a little bit about Woodford Reserve's Double Oaked. It's a creative way of premiumizing. I mean, I don't know if you've seen it yet, Tom, or not. It's a line extension off of Woodford Reserve, where basically we take a fully mature whiskey and then put it back into a new barrel, again for a few months of additional aging. And it just gives us some really interesting character and smoothness, and it's still very early in its initial launch. But the kind of anecdotal things that you hear, it's really quite encouraging in terms of the consumer response that we're hearing. It's just one example of how you can be creative with -- in the bourbon category.
