Paul C. Varga: Well, we don't, Vivian, generally have -- do category forecasts as much as we do our brand forecast, of course, because of the need to produce in advance. But right now, as we look out, we continue to see, I mean, just using -- I'm just using the U.S. data for bourbon for the last sort of 12 months, I mean, that category is growing at a sales level at sort of close to high-single digits. I mean, it was about 7% sales growth a year ago. It looks more like 8% this year. So that's a nice continuation of that momentum. And I think, of course, it's a different story outside of the United States where bourbon is less-developed but from a small base, you would expect that the category would continue to develop around the world. I mean, the largest contributor to American whiskey's growth for the last, of course, decade-plus has been the expansion of the Jack Daniel's brand. And with all of the excitement around flavors and the excitement around -- it was really nice expressions like the Woodford Double Oak and things like that and the ability to innovate, we would expect the momentum we're seeing today to continue.
Paul C. Varga: And if I -- I think you had referenced in your question, if they'd help us with the distribution platform or anything else strategic. For example, our acquisitions in Mexico and previously what Finlandia did. The only thing I'd add is, I mean, we just -- if you just look at our company's history and our track record and where we tend to play, we have a fairly limited portfolio relative to a number of other -- of our competitors around the world and we tend to favor higher-margin brands that are sort of positioned at higher price points, we think that have long runways for growth. And so the type of characteristics Don just described point us toward things like higher-end whiskey brands, whether it's through innovation or acquisition. So we think those gives us opportunities not only to expand geographically but also as we proved this past year, to be able to get price more readily.
Paul C. Varga: I'll add to that too. Just for reference to those 2 particular countries. What you think about before and after the regulation, we were not massive advertisers in those 2 countries going in anyway. I mean, when we think about our stage of development in those countries and we still think we're relatively early stages where a lot of the good work that's been going on has been either in-store, in-account, on-premise using the benefits of our, sort of sales and promotional efforts. We actually don't like when these regulations come down. Particularly a company like us, who prides itself on being very responsible marketers and promoters. And so it is a limitation. But we think, as Don said, that it just forces us to be more creative about how we get our messaging out to the consumer.
Paul C. Varga: Ian, I might just add to Don's comments particularly on Europe, as we think about Europe, it's almost like 3 sections that we might consider for evaluation. Eastern Europe for the company remains pretty much on fire. I mean, and the Jack Daniels and Finlandia business out there are the primary drivers. Of course, just like a lot of businesses, when you consider the combination of markets like Spain, Italy, Greece, I think that's where Don's comments relate to the struggles of Europe, we would say that we've experienced similar difficulties there. But our largest markets and ones that also had some actually -- actually, it's real challenges as it related to excise taxes in F '13, of France and the U.K. We were pretty pleased with how we ultimately performed in France and the U.K. given those circumstances, and I think Don highlighted I think really well in his comments the performance that continued in Germany. So it's a mixed perspective from our companies as it relates to Europe. But net-net, I haven't added all those up when compared it to our competitors. I feel just qualitatively that we continue to perform better than in the industry in Europe overall. In Australia, the only thing I'd add is like France and the U.K., one of the challenges the whole industry has is in those markets they've been deploying these excise tax increases and for companies like ourselves and many of our competitors who are at the premium end, it has the impact of making the price to the consumer higher. And I consider that to continue to be an issue that we have to confront.
Paul C. Varga: No, I haven't studied that particular one real closely. I mean, we do watch vodka pricing and as a general statement, I'd say in the U.S. Market particularly, we would say that their price mix improved over the last 12 months relative to prior years but certainly not as strong as the whiskeys and the bourbons. As you, I think, probably well know, the Vodka category generally is very price competitive and one of the things when you look at the statistics around price mix that influences that, is that I would just draw the contrast between bourbon trademarks and vodka trademarks. A lot of the line extension activity that occurs in vodkas typically is what we call horizontal, which means a lot of flavoring. And oftentimes, they don't get a lot of improved pricing with that. It tends to be more land priced. There's examples where they can a little bit out of it. In bourbon, what you see is the ability of trademarks and it's actually one of the things that I think is driving a lot of the interest in this category in the United States these days, is you do see many, many, many examples of what we call vertical and premium laddering on the bourbon trademarks. And so I think for particularly trademark families and brand families, you see that, that will contribute to more profitable mix for the trademark. And of course, we've been excited to actually have the ability to do some of these horizontal stuff in more recent years as well. It's one of the reasons we think that bourbon is still attractive, it's ability to line extended both horizontally and vertically.
Paul C. Varga: Actually, a way you might look at it in the aggregate is actually on Schedule B of the earnings release this morning. Just using constant currency for the Jack family, it was 11% and on equivalent conversion depletions, it was 6% for the Jack family. So at least 5% for sort of mix, portfolio mix price, et cetera. Does that give you a good feel for it?.
Paul C. Varga: And what's true generally of total distilled spirits in the bourbon category in the, I think, the 13 weeks ended April. And we mostly theorized that the impact of things in America, like the post-January 1 high-payroll impact. Just some of the malaise that people were describing generally in retail could have had an influence. But I think you're at a broader, even going broader than the quarter. I think you're correct that the company's price mix sort of a value equation for the fiscal '13 overall, the balance between volume and pricing and mix did change. And one of the contributing things at the corporate level to that is that these higher-margin brands do continue to grow at faster rates than our lower margin brands, and such the Woodfords and Herraduras. So there is some portfolio mix within Brown-Forman that's contributing to that too.
Paul C. Varga: I mean, I don't know that I have something that's earth-shattering as much, and I do think your word tweak is correct and we try to take license to tweak not only from year-to-year but within the year as we see either opportunities or concerns. So I think we'll be making some sort of regular adjustments. As a general thing, I refer back to, I think, some comments that we've discussed at the end of our Q3. The primary driver, even though there are influences from other brands in the portfolio, the primary driver of the corporate financials is the Jack Daniels trademark. And so if you think about the balancing act that we're undertaking as it relates to starting with price and volume, and I think I went into quite some detail back in the third quarter talking about just going to get this huge volumetric brand that you constantly desire to have be pervasive and popular and desired but also be correctly perceived as of enormous quality and specialness. And so as the owner of that kind of trademark, you really want to do that balancing act well and you at times are willing to sacrifice some volumes for the enduring positive perceptions of the brand and have it be held in aspirational regard. I really do think that's a very subjective and qualitative call that we are -- [indiscernible] our people around the world are regularly trying to make. I mean, we could probably devote an entire investor conference on that topic alone. But you add to the mix a very successful introduction like Jack Daniels Tennessee Honey and the continued expansion of Gentleman Jack and Single Barrel within the trademark and the expansion of Woodford Reserve above the Jack Daniels price point. So as owners and purveyors within the whiskey category and innovators within flavor, we're also trying to do that in the best way where we can have our cake and eat it too, which means just limited cannibalization. And so we'd look at a lot of factors in this, and I can't tell you how pleased we are with -- particularly on Tennessee Honey piece of it, these first 2 years of that balancing act. And then we added another dimension to it here in '13, which was the pricing aspect where we, a year ago, just felt like there was a greater pricing opportunity than we were realizing and a need to continue to push Jack Daniels aspirationally up. And I think we accomplished a lot of that. And as we report to you today, we think there are still continuing opportunity but we just don't think we need to be or should be as aggressive as we were in F '13 with our F '14 assumptions.
Paul C. Varga: Well, our distributor customers, as we reported, were a bit higher than anticipated, and that's the sort of adjustments we make between our reported and organic. But in terms of my own views of their customers, so the retail inventories, I haven't qualitatively or quantitatively observed anything that would tell me that they were out of line with a year ago.
Paul C. Varga: It certainly is seasonal. With these price increases we take, they float up and then come back down. But nothing unusual, I don't think, from our view.
Paul C. Varga: But there are seasonal fluctuations. I mean, just the example that Don gave of the Gentleman Jack launch that we wouldn't have had a year ago, where we would have had heavier media schedule expected the first part of F '14. So there is an example were you can get seasonal fluctuations. But I mean, I think generally, as it relates, I think, we just think it's smart to call out as we did a year ago where we had expected a lot of pre-buying in advance of those price increases that were of a far more widespread in nature a year ago that they had been in previous years. And I think that served you guys well and served us well to be able to upfront let you know that it could be a bumpy first half between the first quarter and second quarter. And I think the same thing because what we're trying to do here is illuminate that with the price increases not being as aggressive and being year 2, you could get some comps between first quarter and second quarter. Remember, these things always have a buy-in and a give-back that we want you all to be alert to as it related to the seasonal earnings of Brown-Forman, which we try not to focus too much on that, as you can imagine. And generally, we tried to direct you to the sort of full year guidance we're giving you.
Paul C. Varga: Well, Jack Daniels being the -- I think just being the indiscernible] and pretty much exclusive, this I think about the competitive set premium brand in that arena worldwide. If you think about having a brand with a Jack Daniels price position in ready-to-drink format in a multitude of countries. If you go down into a great sample, you can always look at it as in Australia there are other brands that are at the premium level. Gentleman Jack would certainly be at the high end within the Australian market. But look, the more people are drinking in single-serve format, I'll use the example of the U.S. craft beer business, there is a very high end single-serve expression that has gained enormous popularity. And so we keep a very open mind to the possibility that people want to enjoy their drinks when they want to enjoy them and they're willing to pay for very high premium quality. And whether that happens in beer or spirits or even single-serve wine as it's available in some countries around the world. So that is a test, honestly, that we're doing, but as Don said, we've been pretty much encouraged by the initial reception to it.
Paul C. Varga: Thank you, Holly, thanks to all of you for joining us today for our year-end 2013 earnings call. Please feel free to reach out to any of us if you have any additional questions, and have a great week.
Donald C. Berg: Actually, it's both. We actually do look at it along both those lines. When you think about the expertise that we have in whiskey, looking at whiskey opportunities is a natural for us. Now, that kind of comes into play really when you think about anything along aged spirits where that kind of capability is required. We also like the whiskey arena because it's such a great global category. When you look at how much breadth that has and how far reaching it is in all the different geographies and it tends to be very premium in nature, there just seems to be a very high consumer interest in those types of genuine, authentic, higher end brands. And so, given kind of where the consumer is at, given where we think our capabilities lie, it's really natural for us to look at all the different areas of whiskey that are kind of growing in that premium, super-premium arena. We still tend to, like vodka in terms of looking at it as a category in terms of global growth, but it does tend to be more of a regional play than a global play. And so you have to take more of a regional lens to that and see where you think those bigger opportunities might lie. And then we continue, for a lot of the markets where we own our own distribution, if we think that there is some local opportunity that would help us in developing the rest of our owned portfolio, we'll certainly take a look at those as kind of unique opportunities. But in looking at them, we'll also look at them to see, if we think there are some opportunities even go beyond that one individual market.
Donald C. Berg: No, we've actually kind of spread it over the last couple of years, we've actually tried to take some of that lumpiness out of it and kind of spread it out a little bit more. So I mean, I would probably look at it in terms of how you kind of view our shipments coming through as being a nice barometer around how our A&P spend would go.
Donald C. Berg: We, of course, look at our competition, but I wouldn't say there's some individual or specific competitive reference that is driving our point of view on this. I mean, that's in the mix, of course, you try to look at that. It's probably more us looking at the circumstances market by market and very much with a focus on Jack Daniels because of its importance to us. And I would say we are, I think, feel -- we certainly feel stronger about the possibilities for pricing in our whiskeys relative to, say, vodkas, and a lot of that is we're really, primarily, our largest vodka brand is Finlandia, and it, of course, is in a competitive vodka category and price segment. I mean, it's not that we don't look for opportunities to price it, but I just think that compared to brands like Woodford Reserve or Jack Daniels or Gentleman Jack, we just foresee stronger and more readily available pricing opportunities for the whiskeys.
Donald C. Berg: Yes, there were, in the fourth quarter, there did end up being some timing issues on some of the spend that we had intended to make. A couple of examples, we had intended on getting the campaign on Gentleman Jack launched before the end of fiscal 2013, but it took a little bit longer than we anticipated to get everything in the can and to get it out there. And so you'll be seeing that in 2014 rather than 2013. So there's a little bit of timing there. We had some investments that we were looking to try to make in Russia, but then when the regulatory environment changed there in terms of the regulations on advertising in that market, it turned out that we weren't able to make that spend in that quarter. And so, it was a myriad of things, to be honest, across a lot of brands and in a lot of countries. But for the most part, they were those types of different activities that we were facing.
Donald C. Berg: It's really -- it's pretty early to tell yet given how recent those changes are. So we're not really sure. We can tell you that when you look at markets where we have experienced this before and you can look at examples like Poland or France, a lot of times what you find is that brands have already gotten in there and done their advertising and created awareness with consumers, and our well-established brands end up not getting hurt that much in a way it helps them a bit in terms of creating a little bit of a barrier of entry to other brands that weren't as early going in. The other thing that I would just mention that we've also seen is that there are a lot of ways to get to the consumer. And in many of these markets, the best way in the early stages of brand building is the work that you're doing in the on-premise channel. And so, so long as you continue to be able to find ways to get directly to the consumer and tell your story and get them to sample your product and what have you, there are still a lot of ways that can go about building your brands even in spite of some of these restrictions around how you go about communicating to the consumer.
Donald C. Berg: Why don't I start out. At this juncture, if we look at Europe first, I mean I think our expectations there is along the lines of what you hear from just about anybody is that economically, we expect those markets to continue to be tough as we go forward. As we've experienced that over the last couple of years, in some of those markets, we've been able to outperform what's been going on in terms of actually having growth in our portfolio. In other areas where we have seen some struggles, we've still been able to manage to continue to grow market share. And so I think it's a testament to a large extent of just kind of where Jack Daniels is in its development when you look at Europe. When you look at Australia, we are seeing some slowdown in the market and it is getting more competitive. There are certain areas, though, that we continue to see some really nice growth and we saw some nice growth around the launch with Tennessee Honey. And some of the consumer reactions there, which I would say were pretty close to being similar to what we saw in a lot of the markets around the world in terms of kind of at the end of kind of a first year, the percentage of the business that you're seeing, Honey representing of the total brand. We also saw some really nice consumer interest in the launch of Gentleman Jack RTD. It's the first market we've actually taken Gentleman Jack into in an RTD form. And it was nice to see the acceptance level in terms of premiumization at the RTD level. And so like anything, when you start to see some of these issues are having in some of these markets, you can't generalize it across every brand in your portfolio. They're still where you'll find pockets of opportunity and pockets of growth.
Donald C. Berg: Let me just try to interpret your question. Did Jack mirror the company basically? Is that -- I mean, as it relates, I'm trying to look at it.
Donald C. Berg: It will be a little bit higher year-over-year. But then we have roughly $1 billion of long-term debt outstanding and the average interest rate is roughly 2.5%.
Donald C. Berg: Well, I think a lot of it was still -- last year, at the end of the year, we were actually starting to take some of our price increases. So you saw price increases in the U.K., you saw price increases in France, but the majority of them did not start taking place until after the May 1 beginning of our fiscal year. And so this would've been the quarter that you would've seen probably the full brunt of the whole pricing side of the equation because we would have had all the pricing in there that ended up getting kind of graduated in there throughout the year. Most of it came in the first and second quarter, but you would've seen the full brunt in the fourth quarter. On the volume side, there is no doubt we have seen a little bit of softening in the U.S. But that would be about the only thing that I can think of that would have been a big driver in terms of the results that you saw in the fourth quarter.
Donald C. Berg: The other thing. I would add to that a little bit just in terms of -- I think one of the things that we've seen, and this isn't anything necessarily new, but we've certainly continued to see it throughout the last fiscal year. As you get down to popular price brands or more of the standard price brands, it really is far more competitive. And that's more than just the United States. I mean, we see that with the tequila market in Mexico, we see it in the vodka market in Poland and in many, many markets. And so when you're dealing in those categories, it has a much tougher pricing environment for you. But as you get more premium, there are a lot greater opportunities in order to take price. And so it's part of what you're hearing from us in terms of as we think about next fiscal year being a little bit more targeted brand by brand and market by market, continuing to see a lot of opportunities in the premium and above part of our product portfolio.
Donald C. Berg: At this point, at the end of April, it's usually a pretty calm point, if you will, in the calendar because a lot of the price increases don't start kicking in until June or July. So I haven't seen anything that would suggest at the retail level that there's any kind of anomalies that are going on right there in terms of as of April 30. On the distributor side, we don't manage the distributor level in terms of what they keep in their inventories. And so you can see some anomalies that can happen year-over-year. Usually, it's a day one way or the other, maybe 2 days one way or the other. If you look at the range, as I've been here 20 years, we're kind of at the lower end of that range right now than where we've been. We're still within the range, but where we would be at the lower end of the range of what I've seen in the terms of the U.S. distribution inventory levels, we may end up seeing it move around a day or 2 during the course of 2014. It just wouldn't be unusual.
Donald C. Berg: I'll start with the A&P one first. I mean, in terms of looking at how we would anticipate the A&P spend and total flowing on a quarter by quarter basis, I think of the best I can tell you is what I said earlier in terms of just kind of take a look at where you think our shipments and how our business flows and we're getting it to be pretty close to following how the business nets out.
Donald C. Berg: Yes, I think the best way to think about that is really in terms of a comment I made as part of my beginning comments. As we look at across all of the different components of our cost of goods, we're kind of looking at inflationary type increases for next year that are kind of at a 2% level. There's a lot of things that in terms of moving parts there where we're seeing some benefits in terms of glass costs. We should see a little bit of benefit in terms of grain. But on the other hand, we're seeing quite a bit of price increasing coming through from agave and the whole tequila market. And so when you kind of get through all the puts and takes, we're generally looking at something around 2%.
