Lawson Whiting: Yes. Vivien, a couple of things. One, as I think you know, the launch was really in Cancun over the last few months. It was not even across the entire country of Mexico. And so, the impact on this fiscal year is negligible, even probably within the country of Mexico would be negligible. So, -- but look, I mean, I think in Leanne's -- some of the comments that she made, it's off to a good start. We're pleased with the distribution. We're pleased with the consumer repurchase rates and everything. So everything is going sort of as planned or even maybe a little bit better than planned, but it's tough to extrapolate or see that impacting fiscal '23. Now, fiscal '24, I mean, we haven't given any guidance yet on that, and we'll probably do that after -- in the next quarter when we start talking a lot more about fiscal '24. But I think it is worth pointing out a little bit about how this is going to work just so that you all understand how the model works. And I'll just use a couple of examples. We can use Mexico as probably a good starting point. The Coca-Cola Company has taken the lead and the business model is actually similar to how they work with their bottlers around the world. But instead of two players, there's three as we are part of that too. So the revenues, the costs, the brand expense, all of that will be reflected on the Coca-Cola Company's P&L, not on Brown-Forman's, we will be selling whiskey -- both whiskey, almost the equivalent concentrate in their terms. And so, that's the revenue impact on us, but you're not going to see the full P&L impact in a country like Mexico. Turning to the U.S. If you look at the U.S., and it's going to be also similar for Germany and Australia, which are two really big RTD markets, we're going to handle the manufacturing and the distribution. And so U.S., Australia, Germany, you will see the revenues, the brand expense, the costs all in our P&L. So, it's difficult when you try to consolidate the two to figure out how is that all total up because it really is going to depend on the balance of sales between all the different markets around the world. But one way or the other, we still feel pretty good about it. And we'll talk more about that, as I say, in the next quarter.
Lawson Whiting: And then, on Finlandia, Nadine. So yes, that -- look, a sizable impairment charge is not something that's fun, but I think you all know it's noncash. What happened was -- it's a combination of things. It's the rising interest rates, meant the impairment testing, I mean, that quickly catches on the impairment testing front, and that's what -- that's the major reason that we had to take a second impairment charge on Finlandia. It's also feeling the pressure from higher cost; its input costs are higher. And then obviously, Russia and then not only Russia, but the countries that touch it all around there are all very, very weak. And so, it's just been a tough situation. As you all know, it is a regional brand for us. It's not really even sold in much of the world at this point in time anymore. It's a very -- it is an important brand in certain countries, particularly in Eastern Europe. So, the suspension of the business in Russia was the biggest single factor that made it so difficult, but we're going to continue trying to improve the performance of the brand and continue to fight through what is a very difficult situation.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I'll talk a little bit about -- I mean the consumer demand, I mean, look, it has still remained very, very strong, as you can see just in our top line figures. I think if you -- there's the question around premiumization, which has been happening for 20 years, has been happening in our industry. If we go down to the U.S. market and look about premiumization, it really -- premiumization trends spiked a lot during COVID. They are returning to a little bit more of a normalcy. But if you look at TDS in the United States and you take a look at the breakdown by price point, you'll still see, I'll say, super-premium, ultra-premium growing at a higher rate than a say -- not plain premium, but premium or something down in the standard category. So, the story is still true that consumers are premiumizing their purchases in spirits, and that trend has -- is still strong. But it’s not -- the differential between the two is not as strong as it was, I'll say, a couple of years ago. So, I hope I explained that right. So, you're still seeing the premium trends. It's just the delta between super premium and ultra and then the other price points down-low has come down a little bit. I think a positive take out of all this, though, is our pricing strategy over the last couple of years, so we're through -- essentially through two years of this, of low single-digit, but consistent regular pricing seems to be working pretty well. We think we've got a nice balance between where consumers are willing to take the price increases, where retailers are willing to take the price increases and -- we think it's the smart thing to do over the long term. And so, we're going to continue that trend as much as we can. And so far, we have not seen an elasticity that would really make us, say, you know what, I'm not sure that's the right thing to do. We continue the path forward, and I think we're getting a better balance between volume and pricing, which is something we very much want.
Lawson Whiting: I mean, not really. But I would caution, it's difficult to take our trends and extrapolate them to a broad read around the consumers around the world. And that has everything to do with the shipment comparisons that we're dealing with. So, if we're only looking at our brands, the shipment comparison, the timing of glass availability last year and how we compare against this year sort of dominates our trends more so than what we would say is a read across the consumer moving around. So, I know that doesn't really answer your question, but we're just sort of in a unique situation given the volatility that we've seen with glass.
Lawson Whiting: All right. Kevin, I'll start it, and then Leanne, you can add on if you want to. Look, it is -- the U.S. market is beginning to normalize. I think we've said that a couple of times, but it's normalizing on a higher base for sure compared to where we were a few years ago. But if you look at TDS right now, it's trending back to the mid-single-digit range, which was where it was for many of the years, pre-COVID. So, now we delivered 4% in the first nine months of the year. That was essentially expected. Remember, we were plus 11% through the first half. And so, we knew a slowdown was coming, and it did bear that way out. It essentially came in relatively close to where we thought. And there is another big factor in this Q3 number for the U.S. And that's -- if you go back to last year, just looking at Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey in the third quarter of fiscal '22, we were plus 35. So, that is a huge number to compare against. And that's because that’s -- we're back to the same glass availability topic where the glass became available in the third quarter. We prioritized Jack over the rest of our portfolio as the on-premise was also opening, and it just was a massive quarter. And so, that comparison had a big impact. If you step back and look at Nielsen or NABCA, you can get a much more sort of normalized rate of growth these days. And that would tell us the U.S. market for us is in that 6% range. I think TDS is 5% to 6%, somewhere right around there. And the NABCA numbers are actually even a little bit higher than that. And so, we feel pretty good that maybe if it has returned to normal, but normal is still pretty good for the U.S. market. And certainly, we're seeing stronger rates of growth outside of the United States. So, I think it's also worth pointing out, at least within our own performance, we're doing a little bit better than TDS, which is something -- that's a goal that we always have out there. And to be ahead of both, Nielsen and NABCA -- firstly, it's been a while since we were above it. Once again, a lot of that because of the glass, but it's nice for our teams to know that they're back ahead of TDS.
Lawson Whiting: Well, I'll speak to a little bit at least about the U.S. changes throughout the market. I mean -- we are using Raise [ph] out in California for our launching a Jack & Coke. So that's something that is quite a bit different. But we're still very much in partnership with Breakthru and RNDC for the most -- as our largest two partners in the U.S. And that business, as you can see through the numbers, it remains pretty strong. We also made the change two years ago with Pabst, I think was what it was. That was all about getting with a distributor partner that was able to reach all these points of retailers that are able to sell malt products, which is Jack Daniel's Country Cocktails. And that has been an enormous benefit to that brand. And so I think our -- we are testing different models in the United States. When you leave the U.S., it's very different. That story has all been about us sort of forward integrating and being responsible for our own route to market. And we've -- we say, five markets in the last two years, something like that. So we continue to be pretty agile and try to mix it up and try different changes or different models and different partnerships. And I think overall, that's had a pretty healthy impact on our business, really not even over the last year, but over the last decade or so, it's been a pretty meaningful impact.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean, I think we've said this on some prior calls, too, but we were nearly 100% with one partner for glass supply. And when you talk about Jack Daniel's and Woodford, you're looking at a U.S. supplier of glass for the world. And when that one supplier began to really struggle, it impacted us greatly, and we didn't have anywhere else to turn. And so, it has taken -- it's been about a year since we, in earnest, found some other partners. And so, we are diversifying. We're still heavily reliant on that one supplier, but we're trying to diversify a bit. So once again, so we don't get caught in this again. Although I must say, we were with that same supplier for 100 years and not had any problems before that. So, it was very much a COVID-driven crazy volatile world that caused a lot of these problems.
Leanne Cunningham: And then from the investment perspective, answer to the second part of your question, this is about, as Lawson mentioned, jointly being funded between Brown-Forman and the Coca-Cola Company and that joint advertising will also have a halo effect over the entire Jack Daniel's family of brands kind of as we think amplifying the trademark.
Leanne Cunningham: Okay. And I'll take that in two parts, both where we are kind of year-to-date and then stepping back from our full year outlook. First, I think it's important that you'll recall our full year guidance, which is consistent in line with our first half of 2023. So, it does imply improvement in the fourth quarter. For us, our normal seasonality of the fourth quarter generally has a positive impact on our gross margin, and we will have a benefit in lapping the foreign exchange impact that we had in the fourth quarter last year. Continue to say we're always fortunate with our premium and super premium portfolio of brands that can handle the pressure that we've been facing over these last quarters. So, as you can see on slide 7, we did contract 170 basis points ending at 58.4%. That price mix positively impacted gross margin by 200 basis points due to price increases across our portfolio, led largely by Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey. Then we have the removal -- a positive impact of the removal of the European Union and UK tariffs on American whiskey, which benefited our gross margin by 170 basis points. Specifically to your point on costs, our cost for the year-to-date was negatively impacted 430 basis points, and it's those two key drivers, which is the impact of inflation, which we are still seeing largely on most of our commodities, so some of that is beginning to ease. I'll speak to that in a moment. And then energy and fuel, as well as for us in our third quarter, we still have November and December in our third quarter. So, we were still experiencing expenses related to -- costs related to supply chain disruptions and getting that product to the shelf, though we do see those beginning to ease with our inventories returning to a more normalized level. And then, I've already mentioned FX. It will be a headwind for the full year. It negatively impacted us year-to-date, a 120 basis points, but we do see a bit of a benefit as we go into the fourth quarter. For our full year, one of the things we are seeing as it relates to the impact of inflation. When we planned this year, we planned it at -- for inflation to be higher than our average. And in reality, we know it's been well above that, really on our commodities and our energy, and fuel. Three notable areas that we do see easing beginning to come, which is in the space of natural gas, specifically in the U.S., it is beginning to decrease significantly in Q4. And even as we look into -- our Q3 and even as we see into the early parts of Q4, it continues to step down. It's still above the prior year level, but it is beginning to ease. Then I'll also note that with glass prices, though they continue to increase in conjunction with the commodities and the inflation on the commodities takes to build the glass, the significant decline in the U.S. natural gas prices will help moderate the expected increases as we enter F '24. And then lastly, as it relates to freight, we've been talking about freight, transportation, logistics, that from an equipment perspective, it will remain imbalanced and stressed. But the cost of fuel has been one of the largest drivers of the transportation costs. And now with the cost of oil that has been volatile, we do see that diesel prices are now below their peak as well. So, those are three early indicators kind of some of the easing of the inflation that we have seen, that really is still yet ahead of us to come.
Leanne Cunningham: Okay. I will start on a bit more color on the midterm for cost. You're correct, and we're always excited this time of year to begin thinking about and talking about the next fiscal year, but next quarter is when we'll provide significantly more detail on that. I can say and with the commentary that we have is with our distributor and retailer inventories returning to a more normalized level, a significant portion of the cost that we have incurred related to the expedited shipments of our finished goods into the market, we believe that's going to significantly ease as we move forward. That's probably the best thing that I can say for that today. To your comment on agave. Agave, we continue to be -- we've talked about there is strong demand for the category, but we do see greater supply coming on. We are beyond our peak, but we have kind of stabilized around the 28 to 30 pesos per kilo. And for us specifically, our demand has been very strong. So the balance between our internal and external sourcing is for us kind of one of the headwinds we had faced in this year. But again, we do see that supply coming on, and we'll talk more about that in the next quarter is what we think for the next fiscal year.
Leanne Cunningham: And then I'll just add two things. If you -- all the way back to when we originally planned this fiscal year, you'll recall that we planned for the beginning of normalization with an outlook, a top line organic outlook at mid-single-digits, which aligns with our long-term algorithm. That included us cycling the largest impact of the pandemic and also the absence of our Russia business. So as we've gone through, again, all of the prioritization and the strong shipments, in our first half, we had a 5-point benefit year-over-year due to that effort. Now that we're beginning to lap that very strong comparison of our rebuilding the inventory against the prior year and our markets around the world are beginning to normalize, we have a benefit of two points. So, I think that's worth noting. And then the other thing I would say is in the prepared remarks, we talked about the U.S. business inventory being back in line and at a normal level. At the enterprise level, we continue to make significant progress. We continue to see a net increase in distributor inventories. At the same time, it's still having the strong consumer demand. But we still believe, as we said last quarter that by the end of this fiscal year, we would kind of be back at from the enterprise perspective, a more pretty much normal historical levels of inventory.
Leanne Cunningham: Well, we can start with -- in comparison to TDS, again, we've talked many times again around how we were impacted and then how we prioritize our brands of how based of the opportunities that were available at the time. So with the glass supply capacity that we had, we wanted to prioritize Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey with the reopening of the on-premise. Quickly thereafter we prioritized Woodford Reserve to have that brand available. And so as we went through that prioritization, it -- as Lawson has said many times, it's made it very, very hard to compare our results and our takeaway trends compared to TDS. Now, what we have done is, again, you've heard me talk about, we have done a few things on the supply chain side of our business. We have invested in new technologies to give us greater visibility. And we are implementing new processes. I think, Lauren, when we were together, we talked about actually new processes related to forecasting and planning demand. And then, from a cost perspective, we've also incurred some costs to diversify our supply chain, specifically around glass supply. But then we've also brought in new tools and learned new ways of expediting our products to market when and where that's needed.
