Lawson Whiting: Okay. Well, thank you Jay and good morning everyone. Today, Jane and I will be talking about the first half of our fiscal year 2019 where Brown-Forman continued to deliver top -- solid top line growth. However, there are a couple of factors most obviously and notably tariffs that are causing fluctuations in our quarterly results. But overall, I’d characterize the first half as a continuation of the solid fundamental growth story that we had seen for much of the past decade. So first, I just want to start off by thanking our 4,800 employees around the world for the solid start to fiscal 2019 delivering 5.5% topline underlying growth on top of last years’ strong 7% topline gain. We are planning for modestly faster underlying sales growth in the back half of the year due in part to easier prior year comps of 5% growth. More details to follow from Jane, but if not for the tariffs we would be on track to not just deliver another great year of top line results but also bottom line where underlying operating income growth, ex-tariffs, would be on track to be up in sort of the high-single digits, consistent with our -- sort of our most recent historical ten year numbers as well as the ambitions that we have going forward. Even so, we believe we have taken the appropriate measures that should position us for mid-single digit underlying operating income growth for the year, which would result in EPS growth in the range of 11% to 18% for fiscal 2019. So, these tariffs have certainly presented challenges across many areas of the company, including our production and supply chain operations and of course our commercial teams in the affected markets across Europe, Mexico, and Canada to name a few. We are in a unique position as the market leader in American Whiskey competing against so many non-impacted spirits categories. But over the short term, we are assuming the tariffs remain in place. In our first quarter earnings call, we have reduced the midpoint of our underlying operating income growth for the year by roughly 3 points or approximately $35 million to $40 million net impact due to tariffs, and that has not changed. As a reminder, the cost of the tariffs is going to be a hit, and largely a hit to our gross margin. To date, we have chosen to largely absorb these costs so that we could maintain the solid, commercial and consumer momentum through the critical O&D period. As we communicated previously, we are and we will continue to evaluate pricing on a market by market customer by customer basis. In other words, our approach is what I would describe as surgical and we will continue to do this as long as the tariffs remain. Despite these short-term headwinds, our long-term goals and our growth ambitions remain unchanged, which is what we’ll be talking about next week at the Investor Conference in New York. We’ll spend the afternoon discussing our strategy and why we’re so bullish on the global growth potential for our premium American whiskey brands and how we intend to lengthen our lead in a rapidly growing category. I’ll introduce our strategic framework as well as discuss how we have organized our teams to better focus and execute our strategy. Our chief brands officer will focus on some new thinking on how we build our brands and share more specifics on how we intend to capitalize on the global demand for our premium American whiskey brands. We’ll hear from our commercial leaders on where we see the greatest growth opportunities and how we’ll seize them. Jane will share how we invest to fuel growth and deliver returns for shareholders. Garvin will also be there and talk about the Brown family and their ongoing commitment to Building Forever Brown-Forman. And finally, Paul will be there in his final appearance as CEO to lead some bourbon tastings with the investment community. So now I’m going to hand the call over to Jane. Let her walk you through the first half of the year results and then give you some more color on our reconfirmed guidance for fiscal 2019.
Lawson Whiting: And on the emerging markets question, Dara, I know you largely know this, but the markets that are driving that sort of double-digit sales growth around Forman are different than the markets that drive most of our competitive emerging markets’ buckets, so Mexico, Poland. Really, Eastern Europe, which no one really ever talks about, is a sizable business for us and growing at very, very nice rates. Brazil has been a star for years now and continues to grow very nicely, and then Russia. So we have a different set of markets than is a little more common in the India, China world. We feel -- so one, we think that’s a big opportunity and something we will be talking about that next week. But it’s – that’s an area we see in the future being a decent growth driver for us. But for now, those core markets of Mexico, Poland and Brazil really are driving our emerging markets business.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean, I wish I could say there were positive developments. And I think, obviously, the Mexico, Canada has been moving in the direction or it feels that way. China seems to be a rollercoaster a little bit, and Europe gotten quiet. So -- and for us Europe is the largest of those buckets, for sure. So in terms of tone changing a little bit, I mean, you’re probably right in saying that when we were in, I guess, it was August call, we were optimistic that the tariffs may get settled a little faster then they seem to be. But we’re sticking with it and we do continue to absorb the cost for now as we would say, we are investing in the momentum of the brands. So, but as we move further into the fiscal year and into the summer time, we’re going to be more motivated to take – to recoup at least the portion of these tariff costs, and we’re starting those conservations now. So, we will see. I don’t think our overall position has really change very much, but we’re trying stay agile as the situation is pretty fluid and the entire tariff discussion remains a very big part of how this fiscal year is unveiling.
Lawson Whiting: Well, I mean, we have been steadily increasing the price on Woodford now at a very low single digit rate for quite some time. There are certainly other brands that are just the lowest that continue to grow and grow nicely too and I probably seen that – I’ll call it, the American whiskey business in United States is accelerating right now again. It sort of dipped a little bit over the last six months and then -- and started coming back and I think its over 10% now or in that range. So, we feel pretty comfortable that the brand is strong enough that it can continue to take some small price increases and continue to defend its turf is really the number one super premium whiskey out there. It’s a great success story for us and one that we’re very proud of.
Lawson Whiting: I think, Judy, that -- kind of yes and yes. One, I would just – and you sort of alluded to it, but be careful with the shorter term syndicated data results because they’ve often diverted from what we’re seeing as our real takeaway trend. So that’s happen a number of times in the past. But really the two issues which we mentioned earlier but really is just the tough comps, I mean, that math is in the slides that you guys have. But the other part of it really is the promotional calendar timing, which we did weight to the second half of the year. And so as I talked about little bit earlier is the pricing gaps relative to our real good big competitors got bigger. That was a nick on our volumes. And we’ve already – we’ve done some things to get that back in place again and we feel pretty confident that you’ll see a second half acceleration. That acceleration should show up not only in our company sales numbers but also in the syndicated data.
Lawson Whiting: Okay. That’s a good question. That is something we’re doing a lot of studying on right now, so where we see the best opportunities. But it’s not that we would – not that we don’t feel good about Poland and Eastern Europe and some of those markets going forward. They’re still -- particularly as their consumer shift a lot of times, shifting out of Hoboken into whiskey and that is a sort of an underlying trend that has boosted those markets for a number of years and we’re continue to ride that way. But you asked about where some of markets where were under developed that we see – we see some better performance going forward. I would cite South America in aggregate is one. Africa in general we’re very, very small and then India and China are both are growing markets for us. They’re just not really all that big and so expectations are going up on both of those markets. It’s true you’ll have – we will have to reallocate some resources to build awareness and to build – to establish those markets and get them moving faster, and we have every plan -- plans to go ahead and do that. But I wouldn’t call, I will not –we’re not going to, what I call, silver bullet down on one market and say that’s going to be the growth driver of our sort of future. It’s going to be a spread of the bad thing as we continue to look. And really the geographic diversification they’re going to be focus – those markets are really going to stay focused on the Jack Daniel's family and continue to push forward. I mean, they are all well seeded, it’s just the matter now of extrapolating into bigger growth.
Jane Morreau: Thank you, Brett. So, let me start with the United States and see if I can help. There is a lot of noise as we said in the numbers. And so, if you look at the first half just to reiterate, our growth in the business was 3% at the top line. There’s a couple of things that I called out. One, there was a distributor change in one state. It pulled our numbers down about a point that’s behind it. And then there’s some other timing activities that did happen. I’d like to focus specifically timing being on our really heavy promotional activity that we did across the board last year, on Jack Daniels, Gentlemen Jack, Honey and Fire, and we chose to push that through the O&D -- through the holiday period and later this fiscal year. So when we consider both of those factors, we think our business is running in the U.S. in the 4% to 5% range. And again, that is consistent with the syndicated data growth. One thing that we don’t have, that we’ve had in the past perhaps something that is getting to your question, we do have Rye out there. We can talk about that in a little bit more detail, but the innovation lift to our business that we had for so many years with Honey and Fire, which are both by the way growing still very nicely in the United States, but they aren’t -- the new innovation is not propelling this above the TDS growth at this point. So, I don’t know if that helps a bit on the puts and takes as it relates to the U.S. business. And you know that when we look at our U.S. business, we also have the easy comps next year so we were comparing the 3% to a 6% growth in the first half, and then if you look at the second, and again that’s driven in part by this change in route to consumer end of promotional timing. And then you flip it to the last half, growth in the last half is 4%. So, we are flipping our timing and promotional activities back there and have the change in the distributor stay changed behind us. So that’s the U.S. And I know, Lawson [multiple speakers] emerging brands or add anything else to the …
Jane Morreau: Yes. I always like to start off with our business just in general, a concentration of our emerging brand -- our emerging markets group, I think that’s what you’re focusing on when you say Asia, and really, parts of Global Travel Retail are pretty broad for us. It’s not the same as perhaps some of our other competitors broad-based. And so if I look at the growth we had in the first half, I’m very pleased with it, on top of the 15% growth we had last year, so double digit, on top of double digit. And we’re forecasting for the year for that not to change, continue to be very, very strong contribution. So we're not seeing things slowing down, if you will. I will say that China is a very small business for us. We’ve talked about this before, but I’m excited about some of the things that we’re testing and doing there as it relates to the e-comm off-premise business. In fact, we had a wonderful Singles Day. Perhaps we’ll talk about this next week at our investor conference on 11/11, where our volumes have doubled in one day versus the same period a year -- or just a little touch of stuff. As it relates to the Global Travel Retail business, it remains strong. Yes, travel is still up, as we said. Some of it is driven by us and new introductions there, as we said. The innovation, and it’s doing well, innovation being Bottled-in-Bond. The scotches that Lawson was referring to in the U.S. actually are doing very well and our Global Travel Retail business. And as we continue to introduce travelers around the world and they become more familiar with American whiskeys, our American whiskey portfolios continue to do well there. So we haven’t -- as I look again to the full year for the Travel Retail business, I expect it to remain a strong contributor to our growth.
Jane Morreau: I would -- I want just to build one more point on when we combined our emerging markets and Travel Retail, they’re well over 20% of our business now, and some people take it for granted. I mean, that’s a pretty good chunk of our business. And when it’s growing double digit it’s begins to be very meaningful for Brown-Forman. So, when we consider other places of the world, I think we cannot lose sight of the nice growth there and the fast businesses up and coming.
Jane Morreau: Yes. I mean, I think, Dara, thank you. I’ve started off the year, I think we expected SG&A to be flat and modestly – may change it modestly, but really it just is this tightening and continue management of our cost and taking a closer look at what our full year forecast is. So I’m back to where I was at the beginning of the year, really, that keeps us firmly in our range.
Jane Morreau: It’s definitely a balancing act, I think, for us as you consider the affordability [ph] of our product to our consumers and then just the relative pricing when you consider the competitive sets that’s not subject to this tariffs. And then we’ll consider in our margins, so it’s a balancing act with all of those factors as we look ahead. We have actually taken some pricing in a handful of the markets. So I’m sure that you understand we have taken some, we took it early this year.
Jane Morreau: No. There’s not any implications from – matter of fact, just so you -- we understand the signing of the tariff, I think has actually got period of time before it actually becomes --it’s got to go through Congress and other things to fully be approved before it comes in place. And that is separate and apart from the steel and aluminum tariff and the retaliatory tariffs that were put on America whiskey in response. So that’s the first step. And then the second step would have to be the rescinding of those tariffs. That part still impacting our business, the tariff that's still on aluminum.
Jane Morreau: Yes. So Steve, just to talk about the first half, I think you were talking about, were the tariffs larger bottom line impact to us than we expected in the second quarter? They were not.
Jane Morreau: Yes. So the realized price/mix, so it’s – we really – when we said this back in August and Lawson was referring to, we delayed for the most part in all of our major markets any price increases related to tariff. We had taken a handful, it’s a very small country. And so you’re not seeing the pricing in the quarter. I think that’s what you were trying to allude to, connecting tariff with pricing. That’s because it didn’t happened because it was very small anything that we had, any type of pricing that we would have later on tariffs -- related to tariffs would be later in the year. And we do have a little bit on recruitment on that in the back half.
Jane Morreau: So, Judy, I thought I might just add one point to help on first part of your question, just to put it into some type of perspective. I saw the statistic yesterday, I was looking at something and it talk about our activity of overall promotional activity, our spend, I guess, if you will, being down double digit for the last three months versus the year ago. So you can see it’s fairly significant. It would have fairly significant impact and Lawson mentioned this early because others -- other competitors were continuing to do this tough of activity during this last three months period. We did not. We zagged, they zigged, whatever you want to say, went the opposite direction. And so, that big change was probably what you’re seeing in the three months syndicated data. Then where you already had plan to move things and did move things as the only – that’s what our plan was for the year. So we expect to see an acceleration as we go through balance of the year and you’ll depletion and our takeaway trends converge back to more the 4% to 5% range.
