Leanne Cunningham: Yes. So, Bryan, it’s Leanne, and the things that we have going, again as a tailwind for us will be the agave, which we’ve talked about many times. It’s kind of going from that 28 to 30 Mexican pesos per kilo at the high. We’ve now seen down to as low as nine pesos per kilo in June depending on the quality of it. And also grain, we’re continuing to expect lower prices in the shorter-term, but still above the pre-pandemic averages. Where we’re seeing some increases are related to our glass, even though we have lower natural gas and diesel prices that are slowing the rate of inflation, we’re still expecting that in the U.S. where the vast majority of our glass comes from, it’ll be 2% to 3% increase. And then, again with transportation, that’s going to be in the low-single-digits. So, what we’ll also be, what we talked about in our prepared remarks, higher inflation on our costs, but then also the cost associated to lower production volumes. That’s all about us working to return to our more normal levels of working capital on our balance sheet. We’ve talked about a lot over time, the commodity costs continues to be high. We’ve talked about adjustments in our infrastructure that we believe will help to offset some of that commodity costs, but we still expect it to be high as well.
Leanne Cunningham: Thank you, Nadine. And, I’ll take the inventory question. Again, kind of pointing to what we have talked about that our depletion-based results came in, in-line with our expectations. First, I’ll point you to Schedule B for fiscal 2024 depletions are ahead of shipments on our full strength portfolio and even to a greater extent than when we reported in our third quarter call. In the U.S. we know retailers have adjusted their inventory levels in response to the consumer takeaway trends being below their historic mid-single-digit range and with a higher inflation rate environment. We’ve been talking about for the entire fiscal year that at the distributor level, our distributor inventories have been within that normal targeted range as we have gone through the majority of this fiscal year. However, in the fourth quarter in the U.S, the distributor levels did unexpectedly for us dropped to the low-end or just below their normal targeted range. We’re continuing to partner really closely with them as we have been all year, probably even more so now. But, I will say we do believe we’ve now experienced the majority of the movement in the inventories across the distributor retailer and consumer supply-chain and our kind of thoughts on that were in our prepared remarks, we have that built into the guidance that we’ve provided. And then, I’ll turn it over to Lawson, for the second part of your question.
Leanne Cunningham: And then, the only thing I’ll add is, and we’ve said it in our prepared remarks again, but just to emphasize it, in the U.S. and some of our other key markets, we have been able to maintain market share in this volatile environment. So, we feel good about with all the noise that’s in the system that our brands are maintaining the share in the marketplace.
Leanne Cunningham: And, this goes back Lauren, to what we’ve been saying for quite some time now with all the disruption that has been in our system that started with the pandemic and the glass supply challenges, logistics challenges. We continue to be in a significantly different position than most of our comp set because of the glass supply challenges that we have gotten into. We’ve talked about this over time, how we prioritize brands, we prioritize markets to rebuild and refill our supply-chain and even in ‘24, there was lumpiness that we had to compare against especially in the fourth quarter in the prior year, where we were reloading our emerging international markets. And, we have had to comp against that. We’ve come up to normal inventory levels where others were in a different place and maybe coming down. And so, we’ve really felt like we have been there and been closely aligned with our partners in the U.S. distribution system. For us, it really was about that unexpected drop in their inventory levels in the fourth quarter as they got kind of down to absolutely the lowest end and below, just below their targeted inventory range. So, that was kind of for us the miss and what was unexpected. As we continue to do our work, we continue to believe the vast majority of that movement is now behind us. But, we’re definitely not saying that all of it is behind us as it relates to the U.S. So again, all of that would be included in our guidance.
Leanne Cunningham: And again, it was just one small line in our prepared remarks, but the importance of what we talked about that in our outlook, it just assumes that where our inventories are today, it’s going to continue going into the future.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes. So, what we’re talking about is kind of there in the U.S. they’re kind of at the low-end or just below their levels. In our guidance that assumes they’re going to stay consistent with where they are right now and that as we move forward, we’ve talked about in our outlook, we’re going to go against in our first half strong shipments. Again, part of its related to the lumpiness of the shipments in F‘24 for the emerging international markets, but then also in the U.S. again, as we executed our pricing strategy last year that would have seen stronger shipments in the first half. And again, all that’s build in, so the stronger first half as we look at F‘25 and, then we expect a stronger second half in ‘25.
Leanne Cunningham: And, then one thing I’ll add to that is for el Jimador specifically, when you look at Brown-Forman’s pricing in tequila versus TDS, you will see ours is definitely higher and that’s all about the repositioning of our el Jimador brand getting it firmly into that $20 to [$29, $99] (ph) price tier where we see the fastest growth right now. So, and we have a new package that will be coming out that supports that in this year. So, we’re excited about what we’ll see from el Jimador as we move forward with that price repositioning work we’re doing.
Leanne Cunningham: I’ll start with your last one first, because it’s the most of thing which is about what we will be comping in the second half of this year. And then, to go to some of the international markets in the U.K., we’re continuing to hold our value share in both the on and off trade. The consumer does continue to reduce their spending and trade downs present in that market. For us, Germany continues and you can see that in the numbers continues to be really strong and the consumer climate there we see as improving. Poland, we’re still growing nicely in that market while consumers are remaining cautious with their spending. And then, France is just a market. I think it’s a consistency theme we’ve talked about for the entire year, which is they just continue to down trade and having the promotional activities. So, maybe having the Olympics this summer will change that a bit. And then, as it relates to Mexico, the similar trend is what we have been reporting, which is the consumer continues to be slowing down in spending and we’ve been talking about that in our business and you can see that through el Jimador and Herradura performance. Brazil, we continue to deliver low-single-digit growth there because our Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Apple, is just being really well received with the consumers and its driving market share gains. And, the consumer takeaways there is slowing a bit as well. And, it’s the competitive environments intensified, but we’re actually delivering double-digit our strong growth in Brazil.
Leanne Cunningham: So, to your first one, the big change in the fourth quarter is really going to be driven by inventory related cost as we would call it LIFO and it’s our LIFO calculation on the year-over-year change of what we had in the fourth quarter of ‘23 compared to the fourth quarter of ‘24. So, that’s the extreme change there. And then, related to gross margin expansion for F ‘25, just as we talk about reported gross margin, the change in our portfolio as it relates to the addition of Gin Mare and Diplomatico and the divestiture of Finlandia and Sonoma‑Cutrer that will provide us with gross margin expansion from a reported perspective. And then, for the rest of our gross margin, we will have that low-single-digit favorable price mix largely driven by price in F ‘25. But again, that’s going to be a little bit more than offset by cost and the work that we will be doing to normalize the working capital on our balance sheet.
Leanne Cunningham: Well, I would say from what we are looking for in our growth rates is we shared that it was really going to be driven by developed and emerging international markets that those will be driving the greatest growth rates. To your point, the tail of two halves that we will have in F ‘25 which because of disruptions we’ve the tail of two halves story now for a couple of years. Again, for us in the first half of ‘25, it’s really going to be about comping against those strong shipments that we had in the first half. Conversely, when we just talked about the lower distributor inventory levels, we’ll be comping against that in the second half of this year. When we continue to look at our business, we continue to be on a path back to kind of our long-term growth algorithm in F ‘25. It’ll be another step in that path back to normalization. But again, with what we see right now from the consumer, the trade, we’re just assuming that we’re pretty consistent with where we are until we get some indicators of change as we go through this year.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. All right. Thanks, Bryan. I mean, a few things. One, U.S. whiskey and tequila which are our two biggest categories continue to be the healthiest part of TDS. So, that I mean, that is a good thing but TDS has been bouncing along in that sort of 1% range now for, what nine months, something like that. So, it hasn’t really changed a whole lot. So, it’s obviously been a tough year for the consumer and a tough year for us. One thing I think that’s important to hit, Leanne said it a bit in her opening remarks. And, I think it’s the sort of question of the day. Is the changes, is the slowdown structural in some way or another where spirits demand, which COVID aside, was been in that 4% to 5% range for decades and decades. Or is it largely based on timing, really difficult comps and the inventory issues. And, I do believe, the big three that everyone talks about GLP-1s, cannabis and Gen Z, they are headwinds that are looming in the long-term. But, I don’t think that really has much, if anything to do with the current state of the consumer or the current state of the spirits business in the U.S. And, the reason I say that is, when you look at TDS and say in Nielsen, I mean it was going along actually pretty well and then late summer early fall it fell sharply and it caught everyone in our industry, including you all. I think everyone got caught up in it, and was surprised a bit by it. But, I really do believe that it’s really driven by inflation for the most part. And then, if there was a level of demand that got pulled forward during COVID and where that’s the consumer element of it that we talked about last quarter, a lot on this conference call where consumers had an bottle or two sitting in their cabinet at home and it’s taken some time to work through that. And so, I’m just not a believer that things like cannabis have a lot to do with the current state out there. If TDS went from 5 to 4.5 to 4, and you saw there’s sort of gradual weakening, I would be quite honestly more worried than I am now based on every trend that we can follow. So, and then your other question about industry whiskey supply, I’ve seen a few people write things about that in the last few months. So, it’s something we track internally and have been for a long, long time as part of our planning processes. And a lot of it has to do with what you think the demand is going to be going forward, obviously. So, for a long, long time, whiskey wasn’t growing in the United States. It has for the last about 12 or 13 years. But, we went through that 40 year when they were, didn’t grow at all and so supply and demand were kind of equal. I think it depends on what you think the forward-looking demand number is going to be, but it doesn’t seem to be that far out of line for us. We actually kind of have a different point of view on that than some of the folks that have written that. I do think it’s important to note too, the majority of the inventory that is out there is from the largest suppliers. There’s a lot that’s been written about the number of craft producers that have multiplied many times over in the last decade. I don’t really, that’s not really what I that’s not even worried about, but that’s not where I think the oversupply, if there is much is coming from. It’s the big players. I mean, it’s in whiskey, it’s you know who they are. I mean, it’s the big players, that have been continued to build for a long-term growth and they’re behaving rationally for the most part. And, I think, so I just don’t see there being that big disconnect between supply and demand.
Lawson Whiting: So, the question just being a little bit over the longer-term when and what’s it going to take essentially to get the U.S. market back on track again. It’s very difficult to predict when what is going to happen with consumer spending. I mean, the one thing we know for sure is the comps are going to get easier. So, even not only ours, but even in the Nielsen number world that, as I mentioned earlier, that sort of August, September fall-off, we’re coming up upon that. And so, I hate talking about easier comps, but the reality is that they will ease up. I do believe given partially the way you call it underlying or depletion-based results are better than shipments. This largely is an inventory correction issue that includes the consumer. As we said just a minute ago, the consumer has got to work through it’s the bottles that are sitting at home. And, we talked about this on the last call and I know a few of you all did some analysis on this and sort of agreed I think with our statements that it was going to take about a year to work through that consumer inventory. And so, we’re coming up on that year lapping period in a few months. So, it’s difficult to predict and consumer spending is going to need to improve across all CPGs, not even just spirits. I mean the consumer has been heard everywhere. So, but if you pin me down and said, what do you really think? I think we would say that sometime in the fall or into the winter that trends will improve.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. Well, look, we always knew that ambition was not easy, call it lofty a little bit, particularly the last couple of years or really last year for the most part has been difficult. But look, 2032 is still a fair ways away. We still believe in the portfolio and everything that we are doing has the growth characteristics to deliver on those goals. And so, we are not changing our long-term growth algorithm at all. And, you asked about leverage. I know we are working very hard to get some gross margin leverage around here. And so, I think that’s going to take continued work, but continued, you’ve heard me say it before low and slow. I want to continue that and everyone is we’re all on-board and focused on that right now. And thankfully, even in the current environment that we’re in today, we still think that pricing is a lever in all this to continue to generate growth and it’s actually coming true in the numbers. And so, a little bit of gross margin improvement with expense controls that make sure that our operating expenses don’t grow at a rate greater than our sales. I mean, that’s the model that we believe in and we’ll continue to do. And then, I know we’re only two years into this 10-year plan and so there’s plenty of time to accelerate.
Lawson Whiting: And, understanding the distributor side of it and the retailer is fairly clean and we have data against it. The biggest question is the health of the consumer itself and when that comes back. And look, everybody is going to have a different opinion on that and I don’t have a great crystal ball any better than you do. We’re just, I won’t walk through the consumer example again, but we do think that the pantries are not as full as they were a year ago. And, it just depends a little bit when the consumer comes back and starts spending in a big way, particularly also we haven’t talked at all about the on-premise. But, on-premise has weakened over the last year and that doesn’t help overall trends either, but we think that’ll start to come back too over the next year.
Lawson Whiting: All right. So first, I’ll hit the Jack one first. Well, for one, the short-term and then I’ll take it a little bit longer-term and a little bit higher up, but organic net sales for Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey, so Black Label was down 5%, but there was an 8% impact from the net change in distributor inventories. And so, let’s not think that all of a sudden the brand is in this big decline from a consumer perspective. We still feel very good about that. There’s just been there’s been, so much noise and we’re also comparing against in the prior period, some very high numbers. And so, when you step back and you look at it, say on a five year basis or even longer than that, the brand has maintained the growth rate. I think we just said, the same growth rate on a five year basis, 10 year basis, on a 30 year basis is all plus five. So, we’re not seeing a long-term slowdown even in Tennessee Whiskey as we have introduced, we’ve had the flavors. It’s been a few years since we’ve introduced a new one, but we’ve got all these higher in-line extensions that we’ve doing on the brand, that I do think act I mean, they drive profit in and of themselves, but they’re also a halo over top of the brand or the franchise altogether. But the health metrics remain stable, and we do believe that Tennessee Whiskey is going to normalize over the next year. And so, it’s and then back to the marketing and the brand expense and the levels that we have and all those kind of things. Look, we’ve changed up the marketing mix quite a bit over the last few years. We do, I’m very happy with the state of the brand and some of the communications that we’re doing now. We’re doing a whole lot with McLaren in racing and that’s been fun and it’s been interesting and a different brand building model for the brand, but a very good one, a very, very premium one. And so, and as far as absolute spend to be able to continue to deliver the kind of growth and momentum we have, we’re pretty comfortable with where we are and expect I think we’ve said many times before the brand expense is going to grow in something close to the brand’s topline sales. So, the combination of Black Label continuing and remaining in growth mode, we will continue to do some innovations, RTDs are very popular right now and Jack & Coke well, just getting started is something, we really believe in and we do have a pipeline of new thoughts on premium offerings. And so, we remain comfortable overall with that. And so, and then back now down to the second question that you asked on the U.S. pricing environment and maybe you and I maybe we’re looking at the same thing. I’m actually, I’ve been a little surprised, that some of our competitors have said that, because I’m looking at the data and I’ll just throw out some very basic ones. But TDS pricing of 52 week basis is 1.2 on a 13 week basis is 0.8. So, still positive and it’s positive across most of the major brands, particularly American Whiskey, which I don’t know if I’m surprised at this necessarily, but American Whiskey pricing is strong as any, probably the strongest pricing environment of any of the major categories in the U.S, which bodes well that rational people are maintaining a positive price outlook and we are definitely as part of that. We’re in that just even Woodford for example is plus 1.9 and Jack is plus 1.3. So, that low and slow thing comes back again, particularly in American Whiskey. Tequila is a little different, and we’ll see how this plays out over the next year or two or three years. A lot of you have written stuff about agave cost, what’s that going to do to the promotional environment. But, it’s not really happening yet. It’s not coming through in the numbers. And you mentioned it, I think it was a coupon thing or something. I actually don’t really know about that. But, I can say that the big tequila brands, particularly ours and some of the stronger tequila brands continue even over a 13 week basis take pretty hefty price increases or they are not discounting. There are a couple of brands that are having a struggle and they’re weaker and they are starting to discount a little bit more. They’re not ours and we hope that the industry will maintain sort of that rational pricing perspective. But, you just don’t see it through the numbers now. So, I’m not sure why everyone is coming up with this, the notion that the environment has gotten a lot more promotionally driven.
Lawson Whiting: Hey, let me add one point on the U.K., because if you look at Schedule C it looks kind of ugly on the U.K, down 14% sales, but very importantly that is largely driven by Jack & Coke and Jack & Cola. So, that was a very big Jack & Cola market, very healthy and a good business for us for a long time. That is the cleanest example, I guess, of a market where we used to sell directly ourselves and now it’s The Coca-Cola Company is doing it. So, we’ve had to pull Jack & Cola off the shelves, and now we’re selling like we do with all the other markets where Coca-Cola is selling. We’re effectively selling them concentrate really, which just obviously has a lot lower sales number. So, it makes the U.K. look worse than it really is.
