Leanne Cunningham: Thanks, Vivien. I’ll take that one. And as we have shared with you over the last seven quarters, we’ve been in a little bit of a different position than some of our peers in the industry. We have similarly had really strong consumer demand. We’ve added some great innovations to our portfolio. But we’ve been faced with the global supply chain challenges, first, related to glass, then followed by the logistic constraints that we’ve had. So we’ve been working for us diligently to rebuild that inventory. And as we shared with you last quarter, we believe that our distributor – we believe that our distributor and retailer inventories would return to more normalized levels at the end of this fiscal year. And so for us, in the U.S., we’re happy to report that our distributor inventory levels are now back to normal. We do continue to have some rebuilding of some brands and some smaller sizes that our shipments and depletions now are largely black and balance across our full strength portfolio. And similarly, in Europe, our stock levels are also largely back to normal after we have the supply chain challenges in fiscal ‘22. So for us, we were just in a bit of a different position. We’ve been kind of updating you on that every quarter as we moved along. And for us, we are kind of just now getting back to what we consider normal inventories across the system.
Leanne Cunningham: I think what we would say is we’re probably all reading and hearing the same things that you are, but we don’t have a comment on the general position.
Leanne Cunningham: Sure. First, I’ll start with kind of what we said right there at the end of our prepared remarks. Just as it relates to our operating income guidance includes brand expenses in line with top line growth. SG&A that’s going to be still a bit above our historical norms just related to higher compensation and the addition of our Japan RTC. So then with that, leaving our gross margin our gross margin assumes that we’re going to continue to benefit from our long-term pricing and revenue growth management strategies. I’ll go into a little bit more detail on that in a moment. Then as it relates to our cost, and we said last quarter, from a supply chain disruption perspective, we will incur significantly less of an impact in F ‘24 as global logistic challenges have eased and we’re going to be returning to our normal shipping lanes in F ‘24. From an inflation perspective, it will continue to negatively impact our input costs, though on a year-over-year kind of rate increase, it will be lower, though still just a bit above our historical trends. To your specific question on some of our key input costs, for agave, we release a similar of what we’ve shared the last several quarters that the external prices continue to be beyond and below their peak, stable at the MXN28 to MXN30 per kilo. For us, it’s a little bit of a headwind in F ‘24 as we have a bit of a mix shift between our internal and external purchases just because our consumer demand is so strong for agave. As it relates to wood, the cost of the commodity continues to be high due to the strong demand. But the changes that we have made in our wood supply chain are beginning to yield benefits that we will see as we go forward into the longer-term. From a grain perspective, as you know, global grain price increased significantly after the Russia invaded Ukraine and kind of got things out of balance. We have been seeing this ease in recent quarters, yet our plan for ‘24 is still remains above kind of what we would see as normal trends. Just a few more items from a glass perspective that’s produced in the U.S. We, again, believe we will see less of an increase in ‘24 than we did in ‘23. That’s related to the lower natural gas prices. And then as it relates to wages, the cost of labor is still fairly high, driven by the wage inflations that we’ve seen. A few other items. As we get into F ‘24, we have now lapped the benefit of the – from the EU removal of tariffs on American whiskey, but we will have a slight impact – positive impact for the UK tariffs that were removed June 1, 2022. Then two other things I would like to share with you as it relates to our gross margin related to the reshaping of our portfolio is I know there is focus and there has been focus around the impact of RTDs on our business, and we’ve been in the RTD business and have had a sizable RTD business for 30 years plus. So as we do add Jack Daniel’s and Coca-Cola to our portfolio, it’s also important to remember at the same time, we are adding two super and ultra-premium brands to our portfolio with Gin Mare and Diplomatico and they have very attractive financial metrics, including gross margins that are above our current company average. So I know there was a lot in that answer, but we’ve got kind of a lot moving this year. But net-net, I hope all of that helps you to understand the components of our gross margin for ‘24.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes. I mean everything that I have just talked about as far as the company is focused on growing our value share, and that is reflected in our long-term pricing strategy. We have significantly increased, I think our capabilities as it relates to revenue growth management. So, that is beginning to contribute positively to our gross margin as well as we are an aged product business. And when you look at our portfolio, the historically high levels of agave cost as it relates to our portfolio and wood as it relates to our portfolio kind of has had an outsized impact. We all continue to watch the change in the external agave price. And again, we have shared with this every quarter as we see the additional number of plantings that are coming in the out years, we believe that supply and demand will come back closer into line than what they have been. And then I have just commented on wood that impacts our barrel cost, which is all about some of the changes that we have made in our supply chain, though it’s an aged product, so we will see those benefits as the years ahead of us unfolds.
Leanne Cunningham: I will start with glass supply. So, as we have navigated glass supply challenges, which was the first constraint that we hit post-pandemic and trying to get our glass supply back to where we needed it to be. I think we have spoke to on this several quarters and the fact that beginning this would have been in F ‘22. We were working closely with our partners to ensure we have the capacity and that they were also getting the quality and quantity of glass that we needed produced. We have also talked about how during that time, we diversified our across more suppliers that now has come online for us. So, for us, we have lived through those challenges and navigated through them successfully to the point that we really aren’t seeing any glass supply challenges for us as we have gone through the back half of F ‘23 and that’s our plan as well for F ‘24.
Leanne Cunningham: Okay. Great. Thanks. What we would say is, generally speaking, gross margins on our RTDs is below our company average. But as we think about Jack Daniel’s and Coca-Cola as it relates to our operating margin, it’s a little bit different and the fact that as Lawson just mentioned, so we have consistent strategy, and we can maximize scale. The Jack Daniel’s and Coca-Cola RTD launches are supported by both Brown-Forman and the Coca-Cola Company. So, based on our current expectation, this joint funding should result in higher operating margins for Jack Daniel’s and Coca-Cola related to the rest of our RTDs. And remember, in most of our big markets, this is a transition from existing Jack Daniel’s and cola business to Jack Daniel’s and Coca-Cola. And again, something we continue to believe as well. We always have in the 30 years we have been doing RTDs is they are a wonderful connectivity and marketing tool with the consumer and that it will have a positive impact on our full-strength brand. And just one example of that is Germany, which is one of our largest RTD markets and our RTDs there are strong contributors to our growth and our share gains. And also in that market, Jack Daniel’s is the number one American whiskey and is also growing and outperforming the total category. So, we believe that as we continue to premiumize our business with the Jack Daniel’s and Coca-Cola RTD, it will continue to reflect positively on our entire family of brands.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes. So, what I will add to that is, again, just to reiterate what we said in our prepared remarks, from a top line perspective, we just completed two consecutive years of double-digit top line growth with F ‘22 at 17% and F ‘23 at 10%. So, now as we move into F ‘24, we have lapped most of the significant impacts of the pandemic. We are moving more towards a normalized environment. But in that normalized environment, we continue to expect increased consumer demand and for our premium portfolio, just more back in line with our historical trends setting on top of that elevated base. Again, Lawson has talked about, I have talked about our continued reliance on the long-term pricing strategy and our revenue growth management. And we will, as we get into F ‘24, it will be – there will still be a little bumpy as we relate to comparing against the strong shipments of rebuilding our inventories that we had that carried over into fiscal ‘23. And then with the recent lapping of the Jack Daniel’s and Coca-Cola launches. So again, it’s – and one thing we also have to factor into our guidance that we lived with, with all of fiscal ‘23 that will be absent in ‘24 is the impact of not having our Russia business. So, that’s in there as well. So – but again, as you said, we keep a close eye on all of the consumer behavior, macroeconomic trends. But in our plan, we still have very strong consumer demand.
Lawson Whiting: I will try that one, Bonnie. So, the pricing strategy, which we started a couple of years ago, which we have been pretty transparent about, was in the low-single digits, sort of in that 2% to 3% range kind of globally everywhere, so U.S. and international, I have been trying to get it across all our brands. So, we have been pretty successful at that over the last couple of years, and we are going to continue that. So, our strategy has been a little bit different than either some other consumer products sectors or even within our own industry, would that have been more aggressive. And there are pluses and minuses to doing that, but we feel comfortable that the best long-term plan is to keep that sort of in that same low-single digit range, but trying to do it every single year without shocking consumers or chasing them away in any way. And so that balance of volume and pricing is what we are looking to achieve. Now, as far as like more recent times, have we seen like discounting go up or anything like that, we really have not. I mean I think the pricing environment in U.S. spirits, but also in Europe is it about as good of a place as it’s been in a while. We find the industry is starting to take regular price increases again after, as we have said for almost a decade of not doing it, but that seems to be back again. And so hopefully, it stays that way, and we will continue to keep our heads down and go for that 2% to 3% a year.
Lawson Whiting: And then on the tequila question, I mean you asked, have we seen any more discounting or anything like that, no. I am actually kind of surprised to hear that a little bit, although I do know some of the big brands have slowed down a little bit, but some of that, I am just convinced is more about comping against a couple of years, there were some of these brands were growing at 100% growth rate. And so they have just they have kind of hit that wall a little bit. And as Leanne said, there is a little bit different. I mean we are expecting better growth looking ahead as the glass constraints let up. That was the last brand, really the last brand in our portfolio that struggled. And we came out of the box in fiscal ‘23 last summer with very high expectations and then we couldn’t deliver and that was frustrating. But now we have sort of got that all fixed and want to see substantially better growth rates looking ahead. So and as far as discounting go in the category, I mean given the costs still remain very elevated, although I want to say we are sort of peaking out, I have said that before and been wrong. So, it’s – but it does look – I think the outlook is a little bit better than we have to hit the top and should expect a better cost position going forward, but I have no intention of increasing discounting at this stage, at least not on our brands.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. We don’t have a lot of that data yet. So, we will talk about where we are today because basically the rest of the world is still open. So, we are in nine markets Mexico, the U.S., Japan, Philippines, the UK, Poland, Hungary and the Netherlands and Ireland. So, not sure what percentage of the world that would be, but it’s not particularly high. So, we got a ways to go, and it will continue throughout this fiscal year and even into the following year after that, too. So, I mean the short answer on how is it doing and how are we doing, I mean it’s – we feel pretty good about it. The turn rates have been kind of on plan to maybe slightly better than planned so far, and that would be the U.S. and in the other markets that I just talked about, so excited about that. And look, the Coca-Cola Company and Brown-Forman are working very well together on this rollout. They have got some pretty cool programming out there in the world. We talked a little bit about Piccadilly Circus and some other sort of iconic landmark types of things. And so we are coming out big. And this is a good thing for the Jack Daniel’s brand. Even if it is modest profit – incremental profits in the early years, there is a lot of visibility we are getting from that. It’s a lot of advertising dollars that are going behind this launch that are not reflected on Brown-Forman’s P&L, but it’s still happening in the world. And so that is something I don’t want people to forget about that it’s a tremendous amount of consumer interactions that we are getting with this brand. So, it’s all off to a good start. It will probably be another quarter or so before we really have a lot of that sort of turn data that I think we are all looking to see.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. Let me add on the U.S. part of your question. I mean as I look at Nielsen figures right now, just using that as an example, it’s back in the 4% to 5% range for TDS, which is kind of where it was for about a decade before the pandemic actually happened and feels about where I think the market is going to settle out. We are a little bit ahead of that. That’s a good marker for us to shoot for every year to be a little ahead of TDS and said the U.S. market is pretty good. It had an overall only a 3% growth in ‘23. Remember, the first half was 11%, which had some of that inventory rebuild built into it. The slowing down to 3% did recognize bringing some of those inventories back down, which has got us kind of where we are today, which is what we described earlier, is in line. So – but the other thing I would caution everyone be careful extrapolating us to some statement about consumer health around the world. Our story is more about shipment comparisons to last year than it really is about a change in consumer demand. So – but I think overall, look, it’s back to normal. We have said normalized about 10x already today. But normal is pretty good. In the U.S. market, if you can get – continually get mid-single digit sales growth, and we expect higher growth outside of the United States, that algorithm works pretty well for Brown-Forman.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean – well, the U.S. is the one people seem to go at the most. And obviously, when you – if you went back to the Nielsen thing again, if you look at the less than $10, that’s the spirit-based RTDs that are flying, but that bends the numbers if you try to look at the overall thing. So, you have got to look at the different price points. And I mean the important thing is that the super-premium and the ultra-premium price points continue to grow at a faster rate than, say, standard or just premium. So, that has been true for a long time. The gap has closed a little bit, but still premiumization is live and well in the U.S. business. And yes, so we feel like the portfolio is in a pretty good place. And it is a little bit tougher in Europe. TDS numbers are not quite as strong as they are in the U.S., France, I know is a challenging market. But we are growing share in Germany, the UK and Poland, three of the most important international markets that we have around the world. So, we feel pretty good that the takeaway of our brands, particularly in developed international is solid.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. Just briefly and I know everyone knows by now, heard of the passing of Diageo’s CEO, Ivan Menezes. His influence can be felt really around our industry and in every market where beverage alcohol is sold. He was an admired leader and well respected across the industry. So, on behalf of all of us at Brown-Forman, we send our deepest condolences to his family and the entire Diageo community. That concludes our call.
