Lawson Whiting: Stronger top line growth. So, I mean that’s what – I think, look, the top line organic numbers are very, very strong, and they have remained very strong. A lot of that is I do think the consumer is still pretty healthy. I mean, for all indications of our own business, we are not seeing any kind of trade down. In fact, we’ve actually seen stronger performance even at the higher end of our portfolio. So, even – and I think to everyone – I know it’s always interested in the U.S. If you look at the TDS figures in the U.S., you’re still seeing premiumization as strong – I don’t know as strong as ever because – but it’s certainly continuing where the product, the $20, $30 and $40 and above are performing better than the lower value. So, you’re not seeing the trade down that so many people have suspected would be coming through. I would say that’s – I don’t know if it’s global, but it’s certainly more than just the U.S. We’re just not seeing the weakened consumer yet.
Lawson Whiting: Let’s hope so on that last one. So look, tequila, and now predominantly talking about the United States here. I mean, we have had some comparisons that have been really, really difficult. And I think that’s true across the category and some of the other brands that have had these extraordinary growth rates over the last few years. So, that has something to do with it. But, we have – Herradura, probably more than any other brand so far year-to-date has been constrained by glass. It’s gotten better over the last months, but it was really rough in the first quarter. And so, we are expecting to see improvement as we move throughout the year. The demand for the brand itself has been so strong in the last few years that I don’t really think it’s so much a weakening in the category or a weakening of consumer demand. I do think it’s mostly comps and then in our case, at least glass. So, I still believe it’s going to be one of the fastest-growing categories over the next several years, and it’s still – we still feel like we have some of the best brands in the business, so. And then, rum, we’ll see. Super premium rum is growing very nicely now. It is growing really quickly in Europe. So, this is one of those acquisitions that really is much bigger in Europe than it is in the United States, which is kind of different than most of the acquisitions we’ve done over the last, say, 10 years. There’s a lot of rum, particularly in Southern Europe, but really across Europe. So, it’s a big category. We’ve got one of the best brands, if not the best brands, at these higher price points. And it will be interesting to see what happens in the U.S. business. And does that become a tequila-like growth rate? It’s hard to predict those things, but we’re making a bet that we can grow and grow that brand into something pretty sizable in the U.S.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. Bryan, let me add on to it a little bit, too. The – if you guys – I would encourage everyone to look at page 7 in our – on the accompanying slide deck. I think it – I mean, it lays it out pretty clearly. You can see in there that our price mix and tariffs offset the input costs. As bad as they were, we were calling away with price actions around the world, and then we knew about the tariff money. The killer on the gross margin has been the foreign exchange. So, how that plays out the rest of the year, I mean, we will see. But – yes. I mean this is an impact that obviously we didn’t see coming.
Lawson Whiting: That is a fair way to look at it. I mean, I think on the pricing question, because that’s a good one. I mean, as we’ve been talking about, I think, for the last 5 or 6 quarters, we’ve been trying to change the Company’s execution of pricing around the world. We – I know you’ve been around long enough. I mean from 2000, the financial crisis was a really nice blend or balanced view, I guess, between volume and price. And then the financial crisis hit, and we went through 10 years in this industry with virtually no pricing. We’re trying to change that dynamic inside the Company right now, which involves – we’ve said low single digit, that 2% to 3% range, but doing it pretty much everywhere and for a year. And so that – and we’re executing against that and successfully executing against it. And it’s been something I think the groups are quite happy with. But that also means you don’t turn around on a dime because of foreign exchange movement and try to do something significantly bigger or an input cost movement either. So, we’re going to continue that steady climb. And hopefully, over the long run, that’s what delivers the most value. At this point, as we’ve said, we’ve not chased away consumers through these price increases, which is obviously very good news. And we think we’ve kind of found the right level of what it takes to maximize, sort of consumer demand.
Lawson Whiting: Let me add a little bit of color to the freight and logistics line, just so sort of every understands it. I mean, if you – if we back up six months, we were in the throes of some serious glass shortages. We still have some problems now, but it’s certainly better. But back in the summertime, we were looking out at really European and international holiday season, we could see that we were not going to be able to get our product to market in the normal way that we do it. And so, we were kind of stuck in a corner and said, all right, we’re either going to take on these literally tens of millions of dollars in freight expenses so that we can actually get our products on the shelf or just not sell it. And we chose the former, which I still think ultimately is the right long-term decision. But, back to your gross margin expectations going forward, we will not have – I mean, gosh, I would hope we don’t have those coming over the next – really – once we get through this holiday season, we hope to return to normal. It does feel like conditions are moving back towards a normal state again, and then – so that will be a boost to the margin.
Lawson Whiting: I mean, I think I’d still argue, we still feel pretty good about the consumer takeaway. While normalizing, if you look at any of the – I mean, this is a U.S. comment, but the Nielsen’s and NABCA trends. But we – as we’ve been saying all along here, we haven’t seen the trade down. We haven’t seen a weakness in consumer demand yet. I just don’t – I tend to believe that not only Brown-Forman, but this category of super premium spirits is an affordable luxury that is, one people don’t like to give up. And I think the combination of that with strong – wages remain strong and employment, all the other macro things that are working well. I think it’s a relatively low risk.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. So, I mean that’s obviously the – the story right now is the Jack and Cola RTD, which just launched in Mexico a few weeks ago, so obviously, only in the first few days of launch, but moving. Yes, we remain very excited and very optimistic on what we can do in this category. RTDs, obviously, if you look at the U.S. trends, RTD – spirit-based RTDs are flying, driven by a few very big brands. And we hope to join those ranks over the next year. We’ll be launching in the first half of 2023 in the U.S., in the UK, and then a handful of different European and Asian markets. Now just to make sure everyone – I don’t know how much of this we’ve given out. In the U.S., in Germany and Australia, Brown-Forman will be doing the sales, and that is a bit margin dilutive if RTDs were to get massive. Now Germany and Australia are already really big businesses. And so, moving forward, we don’t expect a lot of dilution from those markets. But, when you get to the rest of the world, it’s different. Coca-Cola is doing the sales, and we’re selling bulk. And so that is not a dilutive margin. So it’s mixed as to how that’s going to look going forward. But at the end of the day, these are brands that we really believe are the – Jack and Cola brand is something that we very much believe in as a long-term play with really nice – with a really nice growth look at it.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. That’s a reference a lot of it is to the emerging markets around the world where we’re just small. So, take on Africa, just to pick one big continent that has a hard time affording a full bottle of Jack Daniel’s. Well, this is a totally different offering and something that think can be scaled up and be a pretty big opportunity, but then, as Leanne said, becomes a sort of a halo effect on the rest of the brand. It just – it develops a lot more awareness because you’ve got that can in a hand in a market that we think can be very, very big.
Leanne Cunningham: And the last thing I would add is we just continue to be really fortunate in an environment with the inflation on our commodities that we’re seeing is that we have a very strong portfolio of premium and super premium brands that are better able to handle these pressures that we’re seeing from the macro world.
Leanne Cunningham: So I’ll start at the top where our strip net sales, as we’ve reported, is negatively impacted by 6%. That’s largely a translational impact, as we said, driven by the appreciation of the dollar against the ones – the currencies that are specific to us, which are the euro, the Turkish lira and the pound sterling. Gross margin we’ve already talked about was 140 basis points. That’s a bit different than our top line impact because the majority of our products are produced inside of the United States. And then just flowing down through the rest of the P&L, it has an outsized – a magnified impact as you move down just because it’s on a smaller base. But there continues to be, as we have said before, no meaningful remeasurement or translational impacts. And we just – it continues to be – it hasn’t been a factor for Brown-Forman for a period of time, a key driver. And hopefully, it’s one that reverses, and we were not talking about that at some point in the future.
Leanne Cunningham: Thank you, Peter. And then, I’ll start with kind of the reminder of the seasonality of our growth, which is for – our seasonality for fiscal ‘23 on the top line, it is going to be impacted by the abnormal seasonality of our 2022 shipments. And we all lived through that, which – the first half of 2022 with glass supply constraints, we didn’t build our inventory ahead of the holiday season the way we typically do. And then when glass supply challenges began to ease in the second half of our fiscal year, we were able to increase the level of shipments out to the market. So, then as we lap that in fiscal ‘23, we’re continuing to work to rebuild our distributor inventories, as you noted. And you can see on Schedule D, our growth rate in the first half had a 5-point benefit on a year-over-year basis. And again, that second half of this year has to lap the very strong comparisons that we had last year related to our inventory rebuild. So, then going specifically to the rebuild efforts. Since we’ve been working on this, and we’ve said this last quarter, as we’ve been rebuilding inventory, we have continued to experience a very strong consumer demand, and we’ve launched new innovations. So, while our inventory position is improving, there is still some brands and sizes that have to be replenished. So, we do believe that inventory – distributor and retailer inventories are below – remain below pre-pandemic levels. We’re making progress on that. And at this point, to the extent that we can look out, we believe our target as far as a return to normal levels would be in the early part of F ‘24, and we’ll talk more about that as we get closer to that fiscal year. But we expect it to remain through this fiscal year. And then, to your other part of FX impact on OI, and we talked about how it flows down the outside. We continue to – for the second half, we only guide on an organic basis, which wouldn’t have that FX impact in there. We are sharing that – in this report that our estimate would be is like – our assumption would be that the second half impact of foreign exchange would be similar to the impact of the first quarter – first half. Sorry.
Leanne Cunningham: Nadine, as we’ve talked about before, on gross margin expansion, we have the entire company actively working on all elements of revenue growth management from pricing to effective promotions to all of the elements of pack size, distributor margins, and we are working significantly on our costs. As we look out, we continue to hope that the imbalance of the freight equipment will subside in this next kind of 1- to 3-year period so we can return to normal shipping lanes, which will have significantly less cost associated with that. We’ve been two years now with that higher air freight to get our products to market to continue to support consumer momentum. FX, again, when we look back over our recent past, it hasn’t been a key driver. We can’t predict what’s going to happen in that space, but we would say as we look over history, it generally isn’t a key driver. And then, inflation, that – we’re working to do everything we can to mitigate those costs. But if – they’re being driven by the macroeconomic environment in which we’re operating. And then, I think you were...
Leanne Cunningham: To the extent that we could build in all of the assumptions that we were aware of with the trends and the information we have, it would have been built into the raising of our guidance.
Leanne Cunningham: And then, what I would add to that is – and I know you’re aware of this, but I mean, we’ve had – we’ve been in business for 30-plus years. We have had over 20 million cases of that volume in our sales mix. And it’s going to depend on market-by-market basis, but we don’t see a significant impact to our long-term company margin over a period of time because, again, in a way, we’ll be transitioning some of this business from the Jack and Cola business we have, which again, we do – this is an attractive opportunity for us to continue to increase our geographic reach and to gain share and to potentially even premiumize the product. And again, we believe it has a halo effect on our full strength brand. And that halo effect will now be extended into geographies where we haven’t had the opportunity to kind of get our product there before.
Leanne Cunningham: So, I’ll start with that one from a glass supply perspective. I think you heard us say multiple times throughout our prepared remarks is that sour glass supply constraints are easing. So maybe we were just early in the cycle of constraints, but we have done and had the opportunity to really actively work with our current suppliers, and we’ve increased our capacity. They’ve improved their yields. And we’ve also worked closely with them for prioritization of our products on their lines.  We’ve also taken the opportunity, like you’ve heard us say, is to broaden our supplier base. We’ve been able to do that both inside of the United States as well as internationally. And that – so largely for us, it’s easing. We do have some spaces where we are still facing constraints, and as Lawson talked about that that would be Herradura in Mexico. And we have plan in action for increased supply that we’re bringing on line in this fiscal year. So, all-in-all, for us, we believe we are kind of moving beyond – we’re still living with and moving beyond glass supply constraints. And you can see in the growth of Woodford Reserve and Gentleman Jack, how they have responded to that easing of that constraint and returning back to very strong growth, and then now moving more into the global logistic challenges of the world.
