Paul Varga: Hey. Good morning, everyone. As you all know from our late May announcement, at the end of the year, I’m going to be retiring and Lawson is going to be taking over as the company's CEO. And with each passing month, as you can imagine, with these types of transition, it’s normal to be handing things over and that’s actually the case with this particular call today. So, I'll be available with Jane and Lawson today for Q&A at the end, but otherwise Lawson and Jane are going to handle the call and I will turn it over to Lawson to take this way.
Paul Varga: Let me add to it, I think just sort of piggybacking on Jane’s point about Honey, I think beyond just the quarter results, if you were to think about just what’s happening in the US, I mean I consider that the US distilled spirits market continues to progress very much in line with the way it has been performing for many years now. And then when we look at it I mean just using sort of the NABCA data, the two influences that I think that could help people to understand the dynamics of the market as it relates to us are, particularly if you zone in on the Jack Daniel’s Black Label brand which is continuing I think to hold up pretty good at least for the last 12 months to my eye on the NABCA dollar sales it’s 2.5% to 3%, slightly lower deceleration of the growth versus 12 months ago but still in that 2.5% to 3% range and the family still at about 4% range on value. And all of this at an interesting time where we're seeing some of the key larger brand competitors in the bourbon category. If you just look at their volume trends versus their value trends, there is clearly some negative price mix going on which would indicate people are just putting lower prices out in the marketplace sometimes. And those are things that you have to deal with, particularly in the competitive market. And I think the other thing is that last year's elevation of a number of the Jack Daniel's family of brands such as -- whether it was Gentleman Jack or Tennessee Fire or Tennessee Honey, the introduction of Rye, all of these in a small way, I think have to take away on occasion or two from Jack Daniel’s Black Label. So, one thing is we watch really closely to see how Black Label is holding up in the environment against where at least this time there could be both a little bit of pressure from cannibalization and a little bit of pressure from some lower prices from competition. And my view is, it’s holding up very well.
Paul Varga: One thing to observe as you continue to look at the U.S. market as it relates, there is the price piece and there is the mix piece, which I think is enormously important as it definitely applies to our Old Forester and Woodford Reserve lens where the higher end expressions are growing so rapidly, obviously in some cases from very small basis. The other thing that I think is going to affect the marketplace the U.S. for some time, it's really been interesting given how strongly, for example, a brand like Tito's has performed now for many years. It's amazing to see how low the growth of the vodka category is generally. And you can imagine that it would be very hard to get pricing in vodka right now, across the board. And as a result, I mean my view is that bourbon in terms of dollar share relative to the largest category in the country, which would be vodka, you would expect to see us from a mix standpoint to continue to grow, I mean really continue to grow share over. And we’ve used this statistic quite often over the summer, but we are still a long way from the volumetric high of the American whiskey category which was reached in 1970. We obviously got many, many years of -- consecutive years of growth in order to get back to even that volumetric level and that wouldn’t even touch the per capita consumption levels at the time. So, there is a lot of excitement still about the U.S. market, even though it does remain competitive because people are so excited about it.
Paul Varga: I like the explanation Lawson provides on this, even though it leads with the topic sort of branded and as emerging brands. But this heightened focus by dividing and conquering people and brands within our Company, I think can be a benefit. But that initiative comes in the form of an investment. I mean, I call that an investment, investment in people. And I feel like the level are about right. But as you can imagine, we’re regularly, as you look at the competitive figure, always tinkering with everything from what’s just supporting and when you support it during the year. I think we’re regularly thinking about and trying to improve the creative messaging around our brands, those kinds of things. Those are ongoing exercises. I think they’ve been sharpened in the last few years. But, I think that there in will be the difference, creating the appeal with what the investment does, much more so than do we have today the right level of investment versus some individual competitor.
Paul Varga: Yes. Even though, I mean, the tariffs are the main headline of -- and appropriately the thing we’re commenting quite a bit in this particular quarter, I think the underappreciated bit of performance for the first quarter was the emerging markets. And particularly against -- it was highlighted, I think in the deck that Jane referenced in her comments about how strong that is compared to last year, which is strong as well. So, the two years stack on emerging markets was good. I would take everybody back, those of you who covered us for a while, you’ll remember the meeting we had, investor meeting in New York a couple years ago where we highlighted the long runway for growth for the Company. And a major part of that, you all, is how much we are still a relatively early stage development in these emerging markets. And you would anticipate that we -- as long as they’re receptive of the type of work we do to build the brands and in this case it’s largely around Jack Daniel’s brand -- as long as they’re receptive, and I don't have crippling economies or financial crises, et cetera, we think those markets should be growing double-digit. They’re the types of markets, based on stage development and the appeal that we see there for our brands that should give the Company a boost on its growth rate for some time to come. So, I know because we’re very big U.S. Company and Jack Daniel's is so large, a lot of the focus I think correctly in some cases goes the conversation around Jack Daniel’s performance in the United States. It really is an amazing story of where Jack Daniel’s has developed around the world and within it, how much room there remains for growth in these emerging markets.
Paul Varga: Another way to think about it, if we had very low margins or low returns and these things occurred, I mean you would have probably less of an alternative -- you would not have as good an alternative as I think Brown-Forman has to be patient with these with these with the hopes that they could work themselves out over the fall months. In some ways, yes, we are buying time to see if these things can be worked out. And in some ways, you might view that as an investment in consumer momentum. I mean, consumer momentum takes all kinds of forms in terms of what propels it. And because these are so unique, just one category - and it just so happens that outside of the United States, the size of the American whiskey and bourbon category is driven primarily by Jack Daniel's that a lot of the competitive reference points outside the United States move you immediately into scotch whiskey. So, I just think on balance, we feel like this is the right posture right now. I really do feel like it’s the right posture until we can see how things unfold over the next 4, 8 12 weeks and stay in tune with it and adapt this, and in the meantime, do the work we normally do to build our brands. But, I think the updated forecast tries to capture the impact of that. It captures both of it. And I'm sure, we'll have some form of update midyear because there will be new -- some just new information surrounding all this.
Paul Varga: It will be -- just from a quarter to quarter, this year, it will be very abnormal for -- just because of all this, the trading patterns and we will do our best to explain what we think. I think, it’s really interesting. I mean for -- we are one of the few companies that tries to get you down to inventory shift with the precision we do even between our reported and underlying. In this case, I thought it was helpful for our teams to go evaluate what they thought, even within the underlying, might be fitting in terms of some temporary inventory build even sort of retail. So, we will try to keep track of that. That one is a of course a harder estimate for us because it’s a step away. But, we will try to keep you all abreast of that as we monitor it ourselves.
Lawson Whiting: I’ll take the emerging brands and then Jane can talk a little bit about the tariffs and sort of pricing that we’re seeing around the world. The -- yes, I mean, I think you said it largely correctly. A number of our smaller brands need some incremental focus, so we would like to see some incremental focus on there. The cost most of the investment is being reallocated from other parts of the organization as we have continued to -- our SG&A numbers still remain pretty low, so while some of it’s been incremental, a lot of -- most of it is just a reallocation from other brands or other overhead costs that we’ve been able to pull out and put into the, call it, a more front-facing part of the organization, so we remain pretty optimistic about it.  I think there’s another part of the argument too that may not be obvious at first glance is people that get to focus on these smaller brands then don’t have to focus on Jack Daniel’s, and the folks that are working on Jack Daniel’s don’t have to focus on [indiscernible]. I’m sorry, just a broader emerging brands portfolio. We have found it challenging when you’ve got a brand family as big as the Jack Daniel’s family is to ask a sales guy to go then and focus on a new brand. And that -- we don’t want that distraction or that lack of focus on what is the biggest part of our portfolio right now, so it goes both ways and we’re pretty optimistic as the group is just getting put in place right now, so we’ll have to see how the results unfold over the next few months and quarters, but we remain pretty optimistic about it.
Lawson Whiting: Yes, I will start it at least. Yes, so I mean the comps were tough and that had -- that definitely had an impact on -- at least on the shorter-term results. I would say overall, as a company, we continue to trend really in the US in that mid-single-digit range sort of in the 4.5% or 5% that's what the blended takeaway figures would indicate. And that's been pretty consistent now for -- actually probably for a couple of years. So, pretty good overall results, and maybe just a notch above TDS on a long-term basis is clearly one of our goals. It’s being driven -- a lot of it’s being driven by -- while Jack Daniel’s Tennessee whiskey maybe a couple points below that, the Jack Daniel’s family in aggregate is just sort of around the 4% range in consumer takeaways, 4% to 5% also. So, we feel pretty good about that and then we’ve got the bourbons and tequilas led by Woodford Reserve is the biggest of them, but the bourbon and tequila business remains very, very strong, well in the double-digit range, and clearly lifting the portfolio in aggregate. And if you went back five years or 10 years, our rest of the portfolio was a big drag in the United States, and we were clearly being led by just the Jack Daniel’s family or relying on the Jack Daniel’s family for our growth. And thankfully that has changed over the last few years where the rest of our portfolio is sort of mid-to-high single-digit growth rates in lifting the overall profile. So it's a good story there.
Lawson Whiting: Well, Paul largely hit on the Jack Daniel's side a bit. We are not going backwards on the way of Jack Daniel's Tennessee pricing while some of our competitors are. So, we are going to hold firm on that. And while I think it will be very low single digit pricing on the brands, we certainly want to keep it moving in that direction. Tequilas are a little bit of a different story where it’s also sort of low to mid single digit pricing growth on those brands. We will see how the competition sort of lays out this fiscal year, as you sort of mentioned that and we have talked about in the past. But, the cost environment is particularly challenging right now in the world of tequila. And so, many of the brands are going up and we consider that a good thing. So, bourbons and the rest of Woodford Reserve and Old Forester and those are largely kind of flattish on the pricing environment, although they are getting help from mix. We continue to do innovation on both Old Forester and Woodford and higher price points and that helps to lift up the overall portfolio.
Lawson Whiting: I mean, I think to add a little more color around it. We’ve been investing heavier in advertising than we have in SG&A now for several years, as we’ve reallocated within our operating expense mix. So, we feel pretty good that it’s in an appropriate level I guess. And you should expect increases, I think Jane mentioned it, of sort of commensurate with sales growth. And that plan has been around for a while, and I think we’ll continue that going forward.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I’ll take it. I mean, as I know you all realize, our basket of emerging markets is very different than many of the competitors that we have, and in fact, many of the broader consumer products companies, sources of growth in emerging markets. So, markets like Brazil and Mexico and Poland and even Eastern Europe which is a very low growth in aggregate for many, many companies, continues to be a really nice source of growth for us. And we’re delivering overall aggregate emerging markets growth that’s pretty consistent with what we’ve seen over the last year, I think, and we remain pretty optimistic about it. So, in particular, I’d highlight a market like Brazil, which is obviously in the media and has all sorts of sort of macro problems down there. We continue to absolutely fly in that market. And it’s gotten to be quite sizable now. So, it is a very strong contributor and somewhere we’re pretty optimistic that we’ve got a long runway in front of us.
Jane Morreau: Yes, hi, Brett. Your question as it relates to the pricing environment that we see around the world, I would say it remains very intense and very competitively intense, and I think one of the reasons why we have made the decision -- we have made thus far not only because we have some positive news coming out with the trade [ph] discussion potentially happening, not only we’ve got some news earlier this week on Mexico and the US, but at the EU and in US, and hope that they will reach successful completion, so we have determined that we’re going to not take price increases right away in many of these markets. Because of this intense competitive pressure and not only that our other competitors do not have the same pressures that we have as it relates to this, so we do intend on taking things later in the year but not at this point in time, and so we’ve not seen a whole lot of pricing improvements from what we discussed with you in early June.
Jane Morreau: And just building on, you will also see our tequila is doing very well also in the US growing in the teens. So that’s another piece of our portfolio that had for a number of years not really hit its stride in the last several years, we think that we’re at that point -- tipping point if you will for our tequila brands and they continue to perform very well in the US. Further, I would point out, Lawson mentioned this, but I’d also say we’re going into our eighth year of Honey in the marketplace and it’s still growing strongly in the US and our fourth year for Fire. And we continue to see new consumers coming into the franchise from both Honey -- via Honey and Fire and then both continue to grow very well. 
Jane Morreau: So, let me take the first part of your question. In terms of our guidance that we gave today versus the guidance we gave back in June, they are different. The guidance we gave in June, explicitly did not assume any tariffs. Nothing had happened at that time. So, the fact that we have revised our guidance this time about a dime, we said that about 6 and 7 [ph] net tariff related net of mitigation actions that we have in place plus the tariff costs themselves and things that we’re doing and then the other $0.04 full expenses largely at foreign exchange. So, it is largely tariff and then of course the market -- that foreign exchange we always update that each time depending on what's happened in the marketplace.
Jane Morreau: Yes. So, SG&A, and let me make sure I understand where you are going on SG&A. What I said on SG&A I think early on at yearend, we said it was flattish; now, we're seeing a slight increase. So, again, where the tariffs are going to hit, they are going to hit gross margins as I alluded to in my script here a few moments ago. We did revise and have provided guidance that we expect our gross margins which we thought were going to be similar to last year's hurt, if you will, or decline in margins, we actually expect it to be a little bit worse if assuming tariff remains for the whole year because the cost of the tariff will go in cost of goods. Yes, we will offset some of the pricing later in the year, at least that’s the plan currently. So, it’s happening in the gross margin line.
Jane Morreau: Yes. I mean, clearly the first quarter was -- talked about all of the investments we're doing in the U.S., whether it was opening of our new distillery in homeplace here in town, Old Forester or the Woodford Reserve sponsorship with the Derby, those were all incremental new investments for us in U.S. and in the category of bourbon, which is fast growing. So, I think we feel good that we’re investing appropriately in the U.S.
Jane Morreau: Yes. So, I think it’s more -- it is as I said, I think it’s due to two things. One, we were thinking about the decision or some of the positive news we’ve heard over the airwaves, if you will, as it relates to some of the talks that have been had. But that didn’t -- has influenced us a bit. We also know we’re going into the critical O&D period. And if these happen to get resolved during that period of time, we defiantly don’t want to have our consumers or our partners in the trade, if you will on a roller coaster ride. And third of all, we’re trying to weigh the momentum of our business, our consumers, the affordability the comparative environment that faces it. So, all those things came into play. If you’re asking how you should think about it, I think this at this point in time, I assume that we have taken, as I said earlier, a handful of price increases in some market. We’re going to continue to look to take price increase in many more markets later in this fiscal year. But if we get to the O&D period, clearly the impact on any elasticity or anything like that would not be that great. But you would probably have some givebacks. As we talked about, we had a lot of -- two to three points of top line benefit from buy-ins in the first quarter. And so, we would assume that some of that would be given back later in the year. The impact on the consumer will depend upon market by market what we decide to do, where we decide to do, what competitors do. You can imagine all the different scenarios that could come about as a result of that.
