Jane Morreau: Certainly, I’ll take - let me just talk about emerging markets in general. So while we were down for the quarter as we noted, we were down 5%, and it was a little bit more than we expected it should be noted that we had very tough comps versus last year. And I would like to step back and remind everybody how much emerging markets makes up of our total business. So it’s around 20% of our total revenues. And so, to really understand it, there’s a lot of moving parts within it and you have got to peel back the onion, so to speak to understand it. As I said in my script, our two largest markets are Poland and Mexico. They represent well in excess of 40% of our emerging markets and they’re growing quite nicely at 8% and 17%, respectively. And we expect them to continue to grow so we do not expect them to be a drag on our results. Then we talked about our two of our larger contributors of growth over the past couple of years being Brazil and Turkey being a drag on the quarter and they are very much were a drag on the quarter. And that’s not surprising giving the political instability, the economic woes, the terrorism, the huge excise tax increases in both countries that’s primarily in Brazil last year. And so these really did have a significant drag on our results. We have other parts of emerging markets that’s continuing to grow and then we have some emerging markets that have what I would call, I think they are stabilizing, they’re not necessarily getting better and so as we look on to the rest of the year, I think we don’t expect, as you said and you’re right, it’s one of our key drivers, not the most important, but one of our key drivers to get to our full year forecast is that we won’t have as big of a drag as we did in the quarter. You mentioned the timing issue and you’re right, the timing was an issue. I would say it was about a point of timing issues. And I would say the rest of it was that we also expect significantly easier comps as we go throughout the year, particularly if you look at the last half of the year and most notably, the fourth quarter of the year were emerging markets were down. And that’s where you will start to also see some of the things that we’re talking about where I believe we have hit a bottom, if you will, so to speak in some of these markets that have been down for a while. Russia would be an example of that where I think we - close to getting to the bottom on that. So I hope I’ve answered all your questions there.
Jane Morreau: I mean, it’s a good question. Paul probably takes this again. I think we might say it’s hard to look at any three-month trend to draw a lot of conclusions from it. We were talking earlier, if we had seen increases in other industries, other alcohol industries, beer or wine which we haven’t necessarily seen or we haven’t seen, so we don’t see beer growing. So I think it’s just – I wouldn’t over read the trend at this point in time. We are definitely looking at it and watching it, but…
Jane Morreau: I can talk a little bit in the U.S. I mean there’s not a lot of pricing coming from there. I would say if you were to just look at the U.S. numbers straight up, of course the volume numbers will be down a bit because of brands like Canadian Mist. But I think more importantly is to look at a brand like Jack Daniel’s. And the volumes were up a couple of percent and we had about a point of pricing.
Jane Morreau: Yes, I’ll just building on cost, I think we said earlier this year even in the U.S. market as we look around the world in terms of pricing opportunities, or Paul alluded to this a moment ago, we’re looking at all the smart ways to do it. But the environment right now is not – in some markets, it’s a deflationary markets, so it’s not necessarily conducive to this and as we look at the full-year, as we discussed in our fourth quarter, we’re expecting very little from pricing whether it’s in the U.S. or globally. But we’ll get some mix in there and we expect as we have higher volumes coming from our faster growing premium and plus brands.
Jane Morreau: I don’t remember that. I don’t think so. But I think first of all, the SoCo piece of it, we pulled all that out when we do this analysis. So it’s not helping or hurting. So the analysis you’re seeing is excluding that. I think maybe if you’re focusing on reported gross margins, that’s where you see the hurt or the absence of Southern Comfort and Tuaca, which had nice high gross margins. And so the 180 basis point on reported declined year-over-year in margin, about 130 basis points of that decline was due to the exiting and the divestiture of those two brands. But 1% is – we’re expecting somewhere in that range, Paul.
Jane Morreau: I mean, as we look at the year, it’s unlike the past couple of years. Some of it – because we’ve got lower innovation…
Jane Morreau: Okay. Let me see if I can start. So if you look at our full-year, our guidance is unchanged. And what we need, what we are looking at as – and the confidence we have in achieving that for the full-year versus where we are today as we do expect to continue to have leverage operating expense, leverage via SG&A. You’ll recall last year, we had very low growth levels of SG&A. We’ll expect some more continued low growth this year 2% underlying last year. And so we still expect that to happen. You’re right, on an underlying basis, we had very small I guess, we didn’t have gross margin help, if you will, on an underlying basis. It’s about what we expect for the year, give or take a little bit. So no help there is really coming from operating expenses, particularly SG&A. But let’s talk more about what’s going to drive this it’s really your top line growth. And we already talked about the emerging markets and why we feel confident that the emerging markets will improve from both a comp perspective and a timing perspective. But also as we look out, we won’t have the drag on our results from our first quarter Fire and the U.S. launched last year that drove us down this year in other words the pipeline. And we continue to expand internationally, so we’re going to continue to get benefits there. And then Jack Daniel’s 150 activation is just underway and so Paul talked a lot about this in our shareholders meeting in July as well as he introduced this in June during our call. And so there’s a lot of activation really going on now. And then when I think about the United States, we are actually increasing our media spend as well. And so you’ll start to see that coming through in the second and third quarter. We’ve got a lot of incremental gift coming through too and our whole sales force and our trade partners are all focused on that. So we’ll see some modest improvement, as I said, in Jack Daniel’s as well. So those things combined give us that confidence. If you look at advertising, it’s probably worthwhile to step back and think about advertising a bit. What we said was we expected advertising to grow in line with our full year forecast top line. I think at this point, we would still say that. What was happening in the quarter, there were some comparability issues. I mentioned one of them being that we had the launch of Fire last year. In effect, in the U.S., we had a lot of promotional activities and so forth that we were doing. We had the absence of that level. We’re still - of course, we’re advertising behind it this year, but not at the levels we were doing last year. There are some timing things going on, too. And then I think it’s also worthwhile to just pull out Southern Comfort and take back and look at what kind of investments we’ve actually been doing behind our business over the last couple of years. And so if you look at the F 2015 and F 2016 combined, pulling out Southern Comfort, on a two-year stack basis, it’s up 13%. First quarter of last year, just to illustrate, the comp in advertisement last year that had the Tennessee Fire in it, it was up 6%. So we also have all that going on. So I hope I’ve given you some color. I know I said a whole lot in there. So I’ll stop and see if Paul wants to add anything, or you can ask us further the clarifying questions.
Jane Morreau: Yes. Let me take you through barrel sales, how this all comes about. Of course, we’re fully integrated, if you will, through the supply chain. So we make everything from start to finish essentially. We don’t grow in corn, but we are making our barrels all the way to distilling and then out the door. So remember that we are one of the largest barrel-making operations in the world. And so just to give a little background, I think it’s worthwhile to think about the background of these barrels sales in general, and then we’ll talk about how it flows through our P&L. Just background, so we’ve been doing this, we’ve been making our own barrels for a number of years. And what we do, as you know is each bourbon and Jack Daniel’s whiskey require a new barrel to put the whiskey into age. When we get finished with those barrels, we sell them. And the market generally for the sale of these barrels has been the Scotch industry. So if you look at it over a long period of time, let’s just say 50 years, it’s a very cyclical business. So we can see when the production and sales of Scotch go up and down. So it impacts the sale of barrels. It impacts the supply and demand and it impacts pricing. And so as you know, there’s been some softening in demand of blended Scotch. So we started seeing some pricing pressures. And we noticed that and we said that in our fourth quarter conference call. What that did is in the first quarter, we had a couple of things happen. We saw those pricing pressure. So each barrel that we were selling on the outside market, once that we’ve got dumped this used barrels, we’re making less on it than we were a year ago. We also had some lumpiness, as I was alluding to orders which would have been one of our surprises in the quarter, if you will. But it’s going to abate over the course of the year, because it’s not gone. That’s a little background, but how it flows through our P&L, is it’s simply we got less revenues from those sales of barrels this year than we got last year. It comes through our revenue line and it hits you all the way through your P&L. It’s just basically revenue. It’s a very high-margin business and so there’s no brand expense, if you will. There are some people that sell it, but it largely drops to the bottom line, whatever you have in your revenues all the way to operating income.
Jane Morreau: And we do expect throughout the year the pricing pressures, didn’t we? Because of what Paul said and what I was saying too.
Jane Morreau: I think I would say softness relative to, let’s say three years ago, I’m trying to remember what our price – the prices of barrels have gone up because, actually, they were in short supply a couple of years ago. So I’m trying to think relative to three years ago.
Jane Morreau: And just to let you know, Tim, I don’t want to belabor this either, but there’s obviously other things that you can do with barrels. And so that influences your mix. So if you don’t have a – someone to sell it to, so a person in need of it, a Scotch buyer or an Irish whiskey producer, you can sell it as planters and other things like that. They generally are less profitable too, which would also hurt your mix.
Jane Morreau: The both growing nicely in the U.S. and Mexico, I know that. So you should see both those trends. I think in the quarter in Mexico, there were a little bit of price increases, so they probably were a little bit stronger, but they both…
Jane Morreau: In Mexico, not in the U.S. But I think both brands are doing quite well. They’re both growing I think in the double-digit range and thereabouts in both countries.
Jane Morreau: Sorry, I should correct myself on El Jimador in Mexico, because that’s one where we’ve been repositioning the price. And I’m looking at the profitability from a pricing perspective.
Jane Morreau: A point drag that was made up of both the pricing, which we expected. So half of that was point and the other half is timing.
Jane Morreau: Yes, it’s all right. Actually, I guess it would just being your bottom line numbers, because this is all – the first things are volumes and we don’t…
Jane Morreau: Yes, we don’t track it there. So it just be in your very bottom line 2%, I guess. So it’s not per se in there.
Jane Morreau: Okay, so I think in the fourth quarter, I was talking about our gross margin at that time. I think it’s really relatively unchanged from that. So I said it was at that time, we expect it to be flattish. Bill referred a little bit earlier to 2/10s down, 20 basis point difference, so I’m talking give or take of 20 basis points or so. So nothing is really changed in that perspective. So in that time I talked about it being largely a volume and a mix versus any pricing.
Jane Morreau: Actually, are you looking at the same thing I’m looking at? I think SG&A costs are actually down on the…
Jane Morreau: Okay. I’m sorry. I was talking about underlying SG&A growth. If you were to look at where we are today, underlying SG&A is down 2%. I would say that was largely influenced by timing or one-time – the absence of one-time items we expect going forward. And so we do expect some modest increase in SG&A. Recall last year, SG&A grew about 2%. Recall our sales grew, what I said earlier, 5%. So if you look at the metrics we actually improved on an underlying basis, our SG&A as a percentage of revenue. I would expect a similar type of thing this year of low single-digit growth in SG&A at this point, and then of course, higher growth in the revenue line, so improving trends on an underlying basis.
Jane Morreau: Yes, and some - yes, that’s right. We over - we had shipments last year ahead of depletions. So we expect depletions to get ahead of shipments this year there. We had some timing issues - seasonality or timing issues in the first quarter of this year with a shipper.
Jane Morreau: [indiscernible] excluding SoCo, it was 5%. So I - we talked about $20 million of operating - no, or $0.20, now its $0.10 split adjusted was the bottom line impact of that. I’m trying to think what else I get - what else I have on [indiscernible]...
Jane Morreau: Yes, I mean, I think some of it was what I was alluding to earlier is some of these, whether its brand markets are getting to a point where they got a new, and so you’re going to start cycling against that. Not seeing that in Poland. Poland actually had recovered some, but Russia would be one place that’s still declining there. But again, I think it’s getting to a place where it’s not where it was a year ago, it was as much of a drag. In terms of our own sales force and what they’re doing differently, they’re always trying new things. And then, we’re looking at a new package later this year and probably next year.
Jane Morreau: That was in the U.S. and that was only for number seven. Again, as I said earlier, I think that was – as we look at the full-year, I don’t expect that I think I expect minimal pricing for the full-year in the U.S. from the brands. So that was...
Jane Morreau: No, I’m sorry, I said we had 1% in the quarter and I don’t expect as much for the balance of the year. So the full-year will be minimum pricing.
Jane Morreau: The relative performance relative to the competition, again, I think ourselves, I’d point to some of the things that we already talked about in the quarter in terms of the numbers being down, and some of it being timing. I think that we had to peel back the onion once again. So much of it what I was doing with our own numbers and look at the trend of each of your geographic competitors to do any kind of a comparison. Most of them have a lot, larger percentage of their business in emerging markets than we do. And actually we heard earlier a couple of years ago about them in the emerging markets actions, whether it was in China than we are just because we didn’t have a big footprint there. And so I think relative performance to that, again we have to look at each country. And I think our competitors have noted we are doing well. Places like Mexico, we are doing very well there. So I think our performance is holding in those places where it should be, and if not better.
Jane Morreau: As a result of that they actually got a nice favorable FX or pricing impact. I think that’s what he is referring to.
Paul Varga: Vivien, I’ll just add too, there are – I mean in any three months period, you always have I’ll call it these fluctuations. I will give you an example of one which is like these discontinued agency brands that Jane mentioned. Once you cycle against not having them, and in this instance it would be – I think those affected Mexico and Czech Republic. So as an example, you won’t have the detriment of that going forward, there is several examples like that.
Paul Varga: Yes. I think the hardest part is because it doesn’t measure the whole markets, you’re always trying to estimate what’s going on the on-premise or in the geographies not covered. But I think as a general thing, I’ve seen some speculation that it’s going to potentially be lower than it historically has. But I think we’re still estimating in the mid single-digit something in the U.S. Yes, value growth, something in the 5% range, which I think isn’t too far off. And again, the most important thing for us is that has been driven in good part by the American whiskey business. So I mean, I think I need a little bit more time to see in either softness and trends or something to start to forecast it forward in a way different than history.
Paul Varga: Yes. And I think Judy, too, the other thing on just to go back to the earlier statement I made about how you sometimes will have triers who won’t convert. I mean, oftentimes, one of the barriers for people converting to regular weekly or monthly usage is pricing. And as I think you’d know this for example, the drink price difference in the on-premise is much less than the bottle price in the off-premise for Fire and its main competitors. And so we think that might be one of the contributing factors, that the hurdle for an individual drink price on the on-premise isn’t as great as the shelf price difference in the off-premise. So I think our people are appropriately always dabbling with the right price volume mix within our range in order to try to find the best way to create sales value.
Paul Varga: Yes. The loan exception to that for us – and those comments are absolutely relevant to the Jack Daniel’s line. But Woodford Reserve and Old Forester brands, Old Forester has been able to get some price in recent years. And Woodford, which had been doing modest pricing, is probably doing a little bit more this year than in past years. So we’re hopeful that that could help in the United States.
Paul Varga: We were getting such benefit last year from particularly Fire as we introduced it. And in past years, also these barrel sales have been helpful. So in this particular quarter, I think both of those things would have worked against us.
Paul Varga: No, I think that covers it well. And again, I think - again, its three months and we - I find typically, on this particular earnings release, you end up having a lot of quarterly noise because it’s only been three months. And so I think it’s an emphasis that we’ve placed on some of this, this morning particularly, is it hit a few of our emerging market businesses. And - but as it relates to the expenses, I feel like we’re continuing to - we’ll continue to invest behind the brands as we go forward. And most of that leverage, as planned, is at the SG&A line.
Paul Varga: Totally, I understand. I think what happened is like, for example, I’ll give you the - like, for example, the full year impact of these lower barrel sales is really the brunt of it’s hitting us in the first quarter. I mean, it’ll still be not as - I mean, it’ll still be negative to us as we go through the year, but not to the level that it was in the first quarter. I know that sounds odd, but - and that was something that we were not experiencing through the course of FY 2016, for example. So - and again, that’s why I make an example of that one. It’s just three months. It does hit you pretty good. And so on a three-month basis, it really will be impactful. I know you are looking for signs and signals that the business is moving in some direction that’s either the same or different. And you always have surprises in a quarter. I mean, there’s no doubt that I would have hoped for and helped - hoped for emerging markets business that was better than it ended up being, simply because of just the unsettled nature of a lot of these markets. I think we – those reflected somewhat in our results. Having said that, there are some one-time, seasonal, more short-term things that we think will abate as we go through the remainder of the year. So it’s probably a tale of both. As you say, I wouldn’t say that we’re surprised every quarter by something.
Paul Varga: Yes. And remember too that while we – while the demand end has been influenced, remember, just each year that’s been going, buyers of bourbon has been doing well. Not only have we been emptying more barrels to meet the bourbon supply or demand out there, there have been other bourbon barrels out there. So that influences the supply of those against the Scotch demand. So some of that is hitting us in this first quarter and as Jane said, it is a nice margin business.
Paul Varga: It would be. I think a lot of that growth over the three years, Tim, was driven by us selling more barrels in addition to the prices at which they were sold. And so now you’ve got to – were sold at.
Paul Varga: Particularly El Jimador in the United States continues to go from month-to-month growing very, very well.
Paul Varga: Actually, in some markets and emerging markets, I hope inventories will come back versus - because I think any time you have - some of the circumstances we’ve got, you’ll find some inventory tightness in some of these markets. But I mean, I think as a general – you’re talking about depletions, I was trying to convert it over to sales, which is - but...
Paul Varga: And we have been accommodating - we have been - now the two offsetting things on Tennessee Fire, remember, is in the new markets will be - internationally, will be probably building some inventories out there as we go along the pipeline, particularly retail. And then, offsetting it in the United States has been some of those reductions, so.
Paul Varga: 4% over the balance. And so you need 5% to 6%s on a two-year stack to equal out to the double digit that you would have accomplished with a 9% and a 2%. I think that’s where you were going, right, Bryan
Paul Varga: Right, got it, which so you’re looking for more specifics on mostly the Fire launch, to be honest with you, which wasn’t there for Q1.
Paul Varga: Yes, you - I mean, you look at - I mean, you’re looking at the correct numbers. So mathematically, yes, it has been. And I think the other thing, too, it’s off a slightly smaller base and profitability. It’s less impactful when you get down to the bottom line. So our teams are working hard, particularly out there in its core geographies in Eastern Europe. And so we were pleased to actually see the quarter on Poland..
Paul Varga: Yes, and get benefit until 2018. I wish we could get to that faster, but it’s just the nature of packaging change.
Paul Varga: But I’d have to look at it by country to see, but one of the influences I always feel in the vodka business particularly, in a lot of these markets is the pricing activity of competitors. And your question makes me want to go look at a few of the key countries to see if that’s stabilized because sometimes, that can have a very nice impact on Finlandia’s performance.
Paul Varga: I don’t think it had virtually any impact on the quarter. I think it launched July 1 in a very select number of states, just eight. Yes, I think it’s seven or eight. And our read so far has been – which is mostly just trade and then any reviews about the product has been very, very encouraging. So I mean so far, so good on it.
Paul Varga: Well, I think it’s been an important brand for us, particularly in key markets. You heard Jane emphasize that Poland’s one of our top two emerging markets. And Finlandia was actually really, really helpful, particularly in its early years, to helping launch Jack Daniel’s in a lot of these markets. So it definitely had some strategic benefit and roles, even beyond its own trademark contribution. So I mean, as you all know, the vodka category is an enormously competitive one. And particularly at the prices where, even though they’re what we would consider to be premium for the vodka category, there’s a lot of competition in them. So I’ve mentioned early on, I think it’s an encouraging sign that we’ve had a good quarter in Poland, but it’s been a tough couple of years. And they have, I mean in the markets where Finlandia has been strongest, it’s just there’s been, between excise taxes and competitive activity. Well I remember a lot of these markets were what we considered dark markets, our ability to sort of advertise our way out of it is difficult. So it’s had some challenging times, but I wouldn’t go so far as to say that it’s not strategic to us in the way that you were implying.
Paul Varga: Yes, mathematically. Sure, I mean, yes, mathematically just because of the innovation success we’ve had particularly within the Jack Daniel’s family and then the growth of the American whiskeys. And if you’re – just mathematically, Finlandia hasn’t kept up with those. So as a percentage of Brown-Forman, it’s down.
Paul Varga: I mean, it was certainly before Jack Daniel’s had any scale in those markets, Finlandia would have been – proportionately been more important. But I still think it’s important.
Paul Varga: Yes. I mean I think it remains to be seen. I haven’t seen, at least personally I haven’t heard of any reports or seen any data that tells me that they’re using it to lower prices. Just so you know, even though you can be impacted by lower prices of competitive whiskeys, for sometime that was not the basis on which Jack Daniel’s particularly competed with the standard blended Scotch brands. I mean, oftentimes in most of these markets, almost virtually all of them we’re a meaningful trade up to those brands. So it remains to be seen what they do with them. But I like Jack Daniel’s price position where it is today for the very long-term. End of Q&A
