Dara Mohsenian: Great. Yeah, that's very helpful. And then, just maybe a few short-term ups -- update. Obviously, we've had the Delta variant and rising case counts, particularly in the U.S. as well as some other large markets, so, can you just give us a bit of an update on if you're -- you think -- you're seeing much consumer reaction to that in the U.S. or in some of the other large markets?  And if demand has stayed pretty steady when you don't have severe government restrictions in place, or if consumers are reacting to that. I know Leanne gave us a bit of detail on on-premise, but it'll just be helpful to have a bit more detail there and any thoughts. Thanks.
Dara Mohsenian: Okay. And I guess it doesn't sound like August is a big change so far. Obviously, there's a lot of volatility, but it sounds, in general, that strength in consumer spending is continuing.
Dara Mohsenian: Thank you. Good morning. So my question is are to these -- obviously, we saw a nice lift during COVID and Brown-Forman has continued to invest behind them. So I was wondering if you can comment about the recent slowdown perhaps, obviously?  You're not having hard sales per se? but does it give you any pause on devoting some of these resources to the segment? And do you see perhaps the second bag of the? spirits-based are due to the exhausting growth?  From the hard seltzers, and likewise, do you see some of these, your hard seltzers brands, how do you see them moving into spirits and some of the spirits brands, and even alcoholic into RTBs?  Do you see these lines blurring between brands on segments or do you think this is sustainable as -- that's it's something that Brown-Forman could look into do more of going forward? Thank you.
Lawson Whiting: I mean, I think -- I mean, as we talked about the on-premise, it certainly came back over the summer, and that's where you would have expected to see weaker results, if people were really staying at home a lot more, and you're not seeing that.  What I think is almost more interesting, and it's just -- we've tried to peel back the numbers, and cut through the noise, and understand what's happening in the off-premise. Because the numbers are still very, very strong in the U.S.  And so you're not seeing a pullback in the off-premise. You're not really seeing an acceleration either, but they're already off a very elevated number anyway.  But if you take my preferred way to look at that really has taken -- just take a Nielsen data as an example and take the 2 -- the full-year, the 52-week results and do a 2-year stack on that.  The numbers are still really -- they're still in the low double-digits, and the 13-week is better than the 52-week. There is enough evidence out there that I think gives us some confidence that overall consumer takeaway remains strong and remains elevated above where it was pre-pandemic.
Lawson Whiting: We've had good U.S. results, I was just going to say. Some of our competitors and so the logistics particularly the U.S. market is a healthy place these days.
Lawson Whiting: As far as we can tell. It's only September 1, so I haven't seen August yet, but it's pretty good, yeah.
Lawson Whiting: It was that long ago. I mean, look, a step back over the last -- well, you can even go back 20 years. Pricing in the U.S. spirits business and I would also -- I'd also say food, in general, was in the 2000s time frame was very, very strong.  The financial crisis hit in 2008 and '9ish. And that pricing went away and it really never came back. You referenced 2013 because that was an era when American whiskey really took off and the supply was short of it and we were -- we, as the market leaders, we're able to get a lot of pricing through.  But you're right, we have been pretty -- it's been pretty flattish over the last few years, particularly as a lot of our competitors got more aggressive and we found ourselves in a challenging spot.  Fast forward to this year, or really the last few months, not only in our costs that are flowing through, you've seen those and that's one reason to be a little more aggressive with the price.  But the competitive set now this time, unlike a few years ago, is starting to go up too. And so, we got more aggressive both in American whiskey and tequila and a couple of other brands too, because we could and we want to be pricing leaders. We've been saying that for a while and it's been challenging, but it feels good that, finally, we're getting some of this to flow through.
Lawson Whiting: Yeah. I'm going to start, Leanne and you can certainly cut in. RTDs has been a huge business for Brown-Forman for a long time. And so many folks are focusing on the U.S. market and , I get it, where the vast majority of our teams are outside of the U.S.  It's a very big business for us something in the range of -- it was about 18 million cases or so outside of the U.S., compared to only 3ish inside. So very, very different. Now, country cocktails, as much as you've seen a slowdown on the seltzer world, we have not seen a material slowdown in country cocktails.  But some of that we know is a benefit from switching from our own internal network in the past. Perhaps there -- they're new, they only assume sales of the brand at the beginning of this fiscal, so it's finding all these new distribution points and the brand is still flying. We've done very well with that and feel pretty good about it.  As far as seltzer is taking share or impacting the spirits business, I mean, we've been trying to look at that for a while, and I give the same answer I have given before. It's pretty far -- the seltzer occasion and the whiskey drinker, for the large part, are pretty -- it's not the same occasion and many, many, many ways and it's not even really the same consumer in many ways.  And so we, we just don't think we've seen much in the way of an impact or loss share to the seltzers. And if you really just looked at the numbers, I mean, American whiskey is doing as well as it ever has, in total, as a category, so I just don't -- and I'm saying that over the last few years.  I just don't see that the seltzers have really taken many shares at that. I mean, it feels like the seltzer s are coming at vodka and tonic, maybe, or gin and tonic, and maybe putting a little dent in that business. But for us, that's a very small part of our overall portfolio.
Lawson Whiting: Okay. I'm not sure if I understood your question. Were you saying you saw some weakness in 1 of our brands, or just in the market in general, or you're thinking NABCA? Because what I'm looking at here does not have a lot of weakness under NABCA.  I mean, it's -- once again, I'm looking -- probably not looking at the same data you are. We've got a 2-year stack in front of us here for NABCA data and .  I mean, it's as strong as the Nielsen data is. There is a little, well, no, it actually accelerated in the 3 months compared to 12. So, yeah. I think, overall, the market remains pretty strong. NABCA all -- obviously has the on-premise data flowing through it.  And so you're getting that reload in the on-premise that I think is, at least for now, supporting, supporting the NABCA trends.
Lawson Whiting: Yeah, we're still doing pretty well. I'm not -- I'm not sure which brand -- I'm not seeing a slowdown in the macro data even for our brands. There's a couple of them that are obvious. And so that is related to like a Gentleman Jack and Single Barrel.  Even our flavors, the comps are challenging for the next few months as they did so well last fiscal year. It's not something I would say I'm concerned about.
Lawson Whiting: Yeah. Look, we -- it is difficult to do those comparisons right now. For the obvious reasons that we have an April 30 year-end and they're June 30 or several of the big guys are June 30. And those months of May and June were still volatile in the last couple of years.  So over the short term, it's tough to dissect, and you have to use a little bit of art to make the comparisons. But if I step back and just talk about the US, and this is some board I already said.  We're basically -- we've been saying for a long time, the algorithm for our business has been growing the US business about TDS, a couple of points higher in our developed international and then particularly in the good years, we get well into double-digit growth in our emerging markets.  That sort of overall medium-term to longer-term growth algorithm, I think is still very relevant. If -- the one that I have the most data on is obviously going to be the U.S. and we're right at TDS for the most part, depends on which time period you pick and all that. But literally, plus or minus 1 point from TDS.  And I -- as I said on one of the previous questions, the total takeaway numbers in the U.S. market remain elevated, and I'm not sure if it's going to hold throughout the entirety of the fiscal year or the account.  We're all sort of expecting it to slow down, but it's not happening yet. And I do think that has a lot to do with us. Look, Jack Daniel's Black Label has always had the challenge to grow at a rate of TDS just given its absolute size.  But we have the rest of our portfolio, which has gotten much more meaningful in the last few years, is well into double-digit growth mode. And many of the brands are -- it's significantly higher growth rates than that. And I'll cite something that we said last quarter, which I still find to be an interesting statistic because it just would not have been true only a couple of years ago.  So this is fiscal year and backing up one quarter, but Jack Daniel's global sales were down 4% and the Company did a plus 6 for the full year. That is the dramatic growth in the rest of the portfolio for Brown-Forman.  And that continues to buoy our results even now. And so we're feeling good and we feel like we've got a lot more growth drivers now than we would've had just a handful of years ago. And we've gotten rid of the tailwind.  That was the other part of it is, as you know, we've had 4 or 5 brands that we sold in the last five years that were all in decline and that certainly makes it easier to grow a little faster too.
Lawson Whiting: I mean, I think if we looked at last fiscal, so not necessarily this past quarter, but last fiscal, you remember, we had a handful of markets that were growing very fast.  It was the markets that had the big, developed economies, that had governments that were supporting with fiscal stimulus, and that kind of things.  And so you're looking at Australia, you're looking at Germany or some of the other ones that we're really going 
Lawson Whiting: Brazil. Brazil's a little different in that it didn't have so much fiscal stimulus, but our results in Brazil have been brilliant now for a number of years, but that's just organic momentum. But I think the big -- the really big markets that got the fiscal stimulus, the reality is a lot of consumers use that stimulus and went and bought alcohol products.  And so that kept, that kept growth rates elevated. I think it's too early to make or determine whether or not how that's going to come down.  I mean, it's a great question though of has the consumer just adopted spirits relative to beer and wine? And will that hold as time goes on and sort of the world returns to normal? And I think there's a good chance it will, but we'll see.
Lawson Whiting: I'll talk about the U.S. First and then we'll hit some of the international markets. I find e-commerce in the US to be interesting to talk about because it's largely a delivery service. And that just adds costs into the system, but it's not coming out of Brown-Forman's pocket.  It's not coming out of the distributor's pocket. It's coming out of the consumer, who's willing to pay a little bit more to get the product delivered. But I think if you're trying to analyze the economics of the US e-commerce business, it's kind of neutral, I think, for the suppliers, for the most part.  Now, if you start to get into the conversation around direct shipping, say from Woodford to another state that gives a little -- that's a little different. That it's a very, very tiny business that doesn't work well within the 3Q system very well.  It's so small right now that I don't even know if I'm going to give you a good answer to the question. But if you move into Europe, say, or certainly, Asia where we have set up e-commerce platforms, in that case, you're taking a retailer out of the -- of the mix.  And so somebody is going to get a piece of that margin, and we would get a piece of it, and then whoever our fulfillment partner is, we get a piece of that. But then that's largely more profitable per case than regular business.  And then China -- China would really be the same -- same thing as Europe in terms of it's a much bigger business over there. But you are cutting out tiers in the supply chain, so just like it does for Amazon non-alcohol products, say, or for a lot of suppliers that use Amazon, it's different because you're cutting out the retail.
Lawson Whiting: Well, look, I got to be really careful on that. We have done our best over the last -- it's been over 3 years now that we've been suffering through this. Obviously, with American whiskey being the only category left that is getting tariff, everyone else has gotten off, it is, you know, v -- to say frustrating would be an understatement.  And we've done what we can, but obviously, there's a limit to how much we can do given the size of the steel and aluminum industry relative to American whiskey. And so we just keep hoping that cooler heads are going to prevail and they've made public statements in the last -- since Biden was elected, that the groups we're going to work together to try to get these, to get them over with.  We've, we've got to believe that that's true and we have indications that it's true, but as I say, I've wished that these -- I've thought and wished that these were going to be over before, and I was wrong every time. We're just going to have to wait and see how it turns out.
Lawson Whiting: And then Woodford -- first of all, I'll make an advertisement for tomorrow at our investor conference. We're going to spend a fair amount of time talking about Woodford and its long-term potential. So I don't want to steal the thunder from that.  But in short, I think what you'd probably already know about, we have been putting in a -- called a specialty, it's not really in the sales force, but a specialty team that we've already put into the U.S. when we did, we did several years ago, not for Woodford.  But we did -- we call it the emerging brand's group, which has been an outstanding source of growth for us, and the brands that have gone in there absolutely hit an accelerated growth rate. And so we've taken those lessons and we've put it into some of the bigger markets in Europe and another in Australia.  And I expect we will expand that idea in -- over the next few years to really get some focus on it. A big lesson learned is -- it's -- Woodford in these brands would be equivalent to our GlenDronach in the U.S. or something where it's small relative, particularly the Jack Daniel's portfolio and so incremental focus on that brand and you get paid back very quickly.  And so it's one of the bigger strategic platforms that we have, I think, for the next few years is -- not only Woodford, but we're really going to push on Gentleman Jack, as an example. We're going to push on our single malt.  Really the super-premium and ultra-premium brands that get a little bit of focus and get a better growth rate. And so, yeah, you're going to hear a lot more about Woodford and its international growth plans, not only tomorrow but in upcoming quarters, too.
Lawson Whiting: Well, look, I am bullish both, I'll call it short, medium, and long term. Leanne gave you some of the more details just a second ago on -- upon the top-line guidance that we have.  It is trying to be a bit conservative, as we're only one quarter in, and there's just a lot of clouds on the horizon these days that put a lot of unknowns out there. And the supply situation is real. We walked through that already.  But it -- when I say supply, I mean glass supply situation is one thing we are just uncertain about it. If we don't have -- If we can fulfill all of our orders and not lose any sales at all, well, we'll do well this year.  We'll do even better I think than the guidance out there is just uncertainty around how much how big of an impact that's going to have.
Lawson Whiting: There's not much more I can say over and above that. We will continue our long-held sort of capital allocation strategies. We think it's a very shareholder-friendly strategy itself. It's not rocket science.  And you're right, our balance sheet is it's more, not more conservative, but obviously, we are, we've reduced leverage quite a bit in the last couple of years.  And we continue to have active conversations on what -- what the best -- what's the best way to employ that is.
Lawson Whiting: Well, that's a good question. Let me take the last part of it for and then we'll get into the ultimate opportunity.  Yes, we've been saying this for a couple of years and I'm honest we have -- if I'm honest, we've not delivered to the extent I would like to see, but having your own -- controlling your own route to market gives you the ability to grow your portfolio outside of just Jack Daniels.  If we had not made those moves in the last decade, we would be strategically disadvantaged because nobody wants to build brand-new brands as a distributor. It's just too hard and it doesn't -- they don't make enough money at it.  And so that was -- has always been one of the underlying strategies for doing that. Now, having said that, tequila opportunity outside of the U.S.; we had been -- it's primarily been an el Jimador play to date.  A lot of consumers outside of the U.S. really just think of tequila as a margarita, in quotes, that is changing I think over time. But we have a decent el Jimador business in a lot of -- it's South America, believe it or not. Australia and the U.K. I would say would be our principal markets where we've developed that. What I want to see is Herradura begin to get seeded in those markets.  Teach consumers that there are other ways to drink it other than the margarita. and Herradura is a great one to go ahead and do that. And I do think the authenticity that the Herradura brand has relative to many of the other big Tequila brands that are sold in the U.S. gives us an advantage.  Some of the celebrity-driven brands, I don't know what to say, don't have a chance outside of the US but I mean, it's more of a U.S. phenomenon for those actors and actresses.  So I think we do have a right to win with Herradura outside of the U.S. and there will be, I'll say a much bigger, but there's definitely going to be increased emphasis on trying to develop that brand outside of the U.S.
Lawson Whiting: Yeah. For one thing, we're going to have, we're going to go into a much, much more depth on this topic tomorrow again at our, in our investor conference, we're going to have Thomas get up there and talk about how many markets we've done and what we've done with them and what might be some of the potentials moving forward so that -- you're going to get a mouth full on that tomorrow.  But having said that, I don't know the percentage off my head, but I know we control it and 7 of our 10 largest markets, and then a handful of the next 10 are coming online even now.  So there are more opportunities to continue to do it and we will continue to forward integrate as another way to think about it.  But it is a meaningful change almost, I say, almost, I think nearly every time we have made a change in a route to market, that particular market goes on a run of better growth for a number of years.  And I'll just use Germany as an example because it was real and that was the very first one. I guess Australia was the first. But Germany was one -- a second or third market in the world where we put that in place a decade ago and may have .  We have grown so much in that market over the past 10 years. It has just been fantastic. And so I wouldn't say we have any regret on any market that we've gone ahead and done that and it's an important part of our strategy.
Lawson Whiting: It's so tied to international travel. When that comes back. I mean, I think you'll see a pretty good snap back in the ability of spirits brands to sell through there.  And it, I know, you know this, but I mean super-premium and ultra-premium brands do very well in that channel. We have a lot more plays of the size that can fit well in that channel now than we would've had, say, 5 or 10 years ago.  And so we want it to be a more meaningful channel for us going forward for all the reasons Leanne just said. And so I don't think there is a permanent change or reduction in the size of that market. I just think it's going to be a slow walk to get back to sort of pre-pandemic levels.
Leanne Cunningham: And we would project that to be smaller in fiscal 2022. As it was just -- we'll just be launching it in the U.S., and then supply, again, will be limited for a period of time as we grow into this expression.  But it does allow us to continue to ladder up the premiumization for Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey and innovate around that.
Leanne Cunningham: Well, that's going to depend on where you are market-by-market and just around the world, economics is different as we look at each one of those. Stepping back and looking at it collectively, it continues to be an important channel for where consumers are going to drive to where our products are.  It's one we're continuing to invest in. We need to be there within -- our products within the hand's reach of our consumer. We're continuing to invest in it because it will continue to be an increasing part of our business.  As we said, it's just over 2% of our business, but it has grown 4x just recently over the last couple of years. From a profitability perspective, it is a channel where we can drive incremental profitability. It's how we choose to market inside of that.
Leanne Cunningham: Okay. Well, I'll go back to your question related to guidance. We are off to a strong start. It is early in our fiscal year, but as we mentioned with the volatility and the challenges, we believe that it's built-in to the guidance that we've reiterated an issue today.  Again, with the supply chain disruptions and increasing cost headwinds, we did change from slight improvement to flat to slightly down.  As you can think about our investments back behind our brand, we continue to operate with the philosophy that the investment rate will be in line with our top-line sales growth.  We'll find deficiencies in our SG&A and other operating line items to continue to be within the range that we have provided from an operating income perspective.
Leanne Cunningham: We do have increasing confidence in our top line. momentum, maybe landing us closer to the top end of the range. But as Lawson said, it's our first quarter.  It's very early in the year. When we think about the abnormal seasonality that the pandemic created, our fourth quarter of last year was very strong and we will be comping against that in the fourth quarter of this year, which is the furthest quarter away from us, which just, again, with the uncertainty and volatility between here and there; it makes it very difficult to forecast.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes. I mean, I think that goes back to what we've stated, largely since Lawson has been and his role is the philosophy of reinvesting back behind our brands in line with top-line sales. I think that's definitely the model that we're moving forward with.  And again, as we move through the next quarter, we'll have greater visibility into what does this uncertainty and volatility mean. And we'll just have more information available to you when we talk again soon.
Leanne Cunningham: Well, I'll start with our philosophy, which, as  said, we've reiterated those many times, and they continue to be a  by which -- that guide us. And 1st and foremost is fully invest back behind the business.  Again, I think with the position we're taking, you continue to see us being conservative with what we see as volatility and uncertainty ahead.  Again, secondly, and very important to us is paying the regular and increasing dividend, always being opportunistic with our long-term value-creating, looking for acquisitions, and then reach opportunistically returning cash to shareholders.  So that's all in place, and stable from an environmental perspective. We continue to do the work that will guide us and what our future actions would be.
Leanne Cunningham: And again, I think we're consistent in the messages that we have delivered over time, is there will be some level of reinvestment back behind the business. But yes, there will be a portion of that that we believe will fall to the bottom line.
Leanne Cunningham: I'll take that one. And if you go back, in F '20, travel retail was 4% of our business and F '21 was the effects of the pandemic. It was cut in half to 2%. We continue to believe in this channel and its strength and ability to build brands.  We do continue to see that it's just -- it's going to be a gradual return even though we are expecting strong growth. And if you look at Slide 8, you can see the strong growth that we're already experiencing in Q1 of this year.  I think we'll continue to see strong growth, but it's more on the easier comparisons and some level of return to personal and business travel. But I think it will, it will take a number of years to fully recover, but it will continue to be an important channel for us.
