Leanne Cunningham: Thanks, Lauren and I'll go ahead and I'll step back a little bit broader first and then I'll narrow in specifically to your question. So first, let me say, we think about our business in decades and generations and I'd like to point you to slide five, which when we think about the 2020 decade that we're in and the kind of the first three full fiscal years, you can see that our compounded annual growth rate for that period of time on an organic net sales basis is at a 9%, which is definitely above our long-term growth algorithm. And then kind of moving closer into the periods that we're in now, we have now lapped the first half of F 2023, which was our strongest first half growth rate in the last decade, we talked about that in our last call and that was all about rebuilding our inventories. And then if you kind of look at last year, kind of nine months year-to-date and this year that CAGR is 6%, which is in line with our longer-term growth algorithm. So when we step back and look at it at the broadest perspective so far for this decade, we believe we're off to a good start and we have confidence that our business is sound with a strong gross margin expansion and strong cash flow. So just to set the stage and then I'll dial in even closer to your question is, you're right and that's what we said is during the important holiday selling season, we did not expect the softness of consumer trends that we did see during that important holiday selling season and that has now limited our top line acceleration. When we think about it from a markets perspective, for us, it was US and the key developed markets of the UK and France. And I'm sure in this call we'll talk a lot about the US. But while we're here, I'll talk about the UK, which we know the UK part of it is about our transition of the Jack Daniel's and Cola to the Jack Daniels and Coca-Cola business. But we really did see a slowing consumer and a very strong promotional environment during the holiday selling season. And then in France, we saw the slowing consumer trend, even kind of declining more than what we expected with the softness in the whiskey category and definitely some trading down in that market. And then what I would say then kind of the rest of that piece is, the slowdown across many of our emerging international markets, which was just more than what we had expected in our guidance. One thing I can say, as you can see in Schedule D, sorry, Schedule B, that when we reported last time our shipments and depletions for our full strength portfolio were in line, we now see where we are year-to-date that our depletions are head of shipments. So again, that's another signal that we believe that we are kind of moving beyond what we have had to lap. But then, as we talk about kind of to your point with the last quarter, like we shared in our last call, when we think about the second half, we know we have to lap the launch of Jack Daniel's and Coca-Cola RTD in the US. But when you look at kind of the half as a whole, we have to comp a plus 5%. And where we believe we're going to be able to do that is, again, with the contribution of our newly acquired brands of Gin Mare and Diplomatico, we're continuing to see benefits from pricing and revenue growth management, which is kind of equating to that strong gross margin expansion that you have seen in our results. And then again, our operating expenses increased, that remains the same where we had phasing, where our brand expense was greater in the first part of the year, we now -- that will moderate through the rest of this year and SG&A expenses, that's related to the higher compensation and benefits related expenses, as well as our increased expenses for the own distribution investment that we're making in Japan that's set to go live on April 1. So that is all built into our guidance.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes, I think what we saw was, we didn't see those orders come in for the important holiday selling season like we -- at the level that we traditionally do and being able to comp above where we were. So that didn't come in the way that we expected again in that late November, December time frame that we were expecting. And so when we think about again and we continue to be in a bit of a different position, which we've talked about this many times as we rebuilt our inventory. We continue to believe that our inventories, through the supplier to the distributor, to retailers, to consumer are in line and really this is about consumer takeaway at this point for us. And so, again, that fluctuation in consumer takeaway being lower than what we expected really drove that for us. We do continue to see when we'll go to the US specifically, you continue to see that net change in distributor inventory kind of come back in line. If you look from the first half to the third to the nine months ended, that is coming much more back in line, which we said we expected it to moderate.
Leanne Cunningham: This is where we talked about that there's two points of acceleration compared to the October 23rd. So we continue to see acceleration there with TDS and Brown-Forman now growing low single digit.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes. So I'll go back to your -- the first part of your question, which is, as far as buying patterns, we shared with you I think in our last call that as -- how we prioritize rebuilding the markets that we have with and replenishing their distributor and retailer inventory, that kind of has changed in the short-term our traditional consistent seasonality of the shipments that we pattern buying that we have seen, we're still lapping some of that, especially as you get into our emerging international markets and we're lapping the way that we rebuilt that and the timing and the cadence is a little bit different. It makes -- it does make it a little bit harder, but I think for us the biggest piece again was back to that important holiday selling season and consumers being stretching their discretionary spend because of how they've been impacted with interest rates and inflation. And for Japan, when we look at that business, again, this has been a year of kind of two pieces. One was how we rebuilt our inventory in the prior year. And I think we said in our prepared remarks, we had a backlog of orders waiting for supply to be able to fill those. We were able to do that in the second half of last year. So coupling that with our route to consumer change, it has just basically -- we haven't needed to make any shipments to Japan this year. To your point, what's the business look like more on a depletion base and we would say, we have been in frequent connection with the team there as they continue to progress to this own distribution model on April 1st and from a depletion base, we're still excited about the health of our brands in that market. So again, I would say from an organic perspective, we just have -- we're investing in the long-term value creation opportunity in Japan and it's set to be a growth driver as we're moving forward.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes. How we set our top ten and I think we have it in our queue, it's basically set on April 30 of our prior year. So it's in there for that reason.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes, and then the one thing that we looked at is, history is not always a predictor of the future for many reasons. We know when we went and looked back at the last time, the consumer was really stretched with macroeconomic factors. We looked at 2000, 2001, 2008, 2009, they were followed by really strong years of growth and those trends were, when they were negatively impacted were much shorter and like Lawson just said, it's kind of that 12 to 18 month window by which we're already in it, so none of us know, but that's what history has said to us.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes. So I'll talk about our barrel whiskey inventory and I think for anybody who's followed us for a while, you've probably heard us say that we have a very robust, semi-annual process where we're always adjusting to future consumer demand outlooks. And with doing that, we capture the change in trends, if there are any. So when you look at our that our barrel whiskey, we're constantly adjusting it. When you look at our balance sheet, when you see increases for us there, it is about looking out over the long term and that represents our future growth expectations. And with work in process, also in some brands, you would find our aging inventories there and with the acquisition of Diplomatico, you would have seen that increase as well. So for many in the industry, I don't want to speak on anybody's behalf, but many in the industry use not the same proprietary way of doing the work, but I know that they often look at their long-term demand over that cycle as well. So I think people are always adjusting.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes. So as excited as we are to begin to talk about our next fiscal year, we'll have that in full detail for you in our next call.
Leanne Cunningham: Yes. So when we think about our gross margin and the outlook that we have driven by a couple of thing. So, one, we lapped supply chain disruption in, largely speaking, we had the majority of the cost in our second quarter of last year. So that benefit continues to moderate as we move through the rest of the year. And then just as we do kind of estimates from an inventory costing perspective, we would have had a benefit in our fourth quarter of last year that we will have to comp this year. But all of that has been built into our full year guidance for the entire year where you've been able to see kind of the difference between our top line growth estimates and our operating income and the leverage that we've expected through there. But we have been very happy to return to gross margin expansion and have the strong expansion that we've had through the nine months to date. But again, talking about in that last quarter, it will go more towards the guidance that we have provided.
Leanne Cunningham: And then to your -- the liquid part and the margin part of your question from liquid, yes, there is less liquid in a case of RTDs, of course, than the full strength. But we will be planning to supply liquid to significantly broader geographic reach with this product. Again and we just talked about the process that we use and looking for the demand needed for our liquid, so that would be built into there. And then from a margin perspective, though, gross margins for RTDs are lower than our company average, Jack and Coke should be higher than the rest of our RTD portfolio because we will have advertising support jointly funded between Brown-Forman and the Coca-Cola company. And also we have to look at it in totality of when we are increasing our RTD business that we're also adding in the two super and ultra premium brands of Gin Mare and Diplomatico, which have higher gross margins than the company. So you'll have to take all of those factors into account.
Lawson Whiting: Let me give you a shorter version of that, Lauren. Christmas stunk around the world for a month, I mean, we had a lot of markets that disappointed during Christmas this year, which we did not expect when we were thinking about our year to go period three months ago. So it was surprisingly weak.
Lawson Whiting: Yeah. Okay, Bonnie. That's a good question, because we have talked a lot about that internally over the last few weeks around, I'm talking about the consumer inventory thing. And I do think and I believe, although, it is -- that's a hard number to get to, there's really no way to study consumer inventories necessarily of what's still in the pantry. But my theory, if you look at the last three, four, five years, you can see the elevated growth rates, Leanne was just quoting a few of them. But let's just focus on the three year, because it's on that page five of our. You're looking at a 9% organic growth rate over three years, including this year. That is way several points above any sort of normal run rate for the most part in our industry. Some of that has to be sitting in a consumer's pantry at home. Now, people think of spirits as often referred to as a fast moving consumer good and it's really not. This is not like food or some other categories that move much faster. Spirits, I call it kind of in the middle. When I think about different consumer categories, I think about food being the fastest, I think about an exercise bike is the slowest, because once you pull that demand forward, you're not going to go buy another bike. Spirits is in the middle and so it is taking some time to clear those consumer cabinets. We've said before that we look at like 80% of our consumer base only buys two bottles a year. So they have a bottle sitting in their cabinet at home that's probably half full and it's just the deferred cost. The good thing is, we think that if you do the math around that, that should largely be over and that's why Leanne just said here, we expect going forward, particularly in the US I think we're talking, but our sales rates to be much closer to what consumer takeaway is right now. So, that's question. What was the other? [Multiple Speakers] Yes, TDS getting back to norm of 4% to 5% which is what it has been for like decades, short of the last couple of years on all the volatility. I know I've seen some of our competitors that have said anywhere from six to 18 months and that's a pretty big range. I think for us is what we're saying, we do believe next year will start to return to those normal levels as this inventory conversation largely, we think will largely be over.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. So look, I mean, on the trade down, converse, now this is US and I think this is good news, I think relative to probably what people are expecting. But if you look at the data, particularly, I'm looking at Nielsen data over the last three months, you're not seeing trade down and we've still got that same dynamic where -- I'll simplify a little bit here, but $30 and above is growing much and take RTDs aside, pull that out of that when I say this, but 30 and above is growing at a materially better number than 30 and below. And so that's -- we're not seeing the trade down in our old portfolio and we're not really seeing it across the industry yet. So I think that just hasn't happened. And that I think we were expecting to see maybe a little bit more of that. So I generally consider that good news. On the pricing environment, which you didn't specifically ask about that, but I think it's worth talking about that for a second because pricing really has not -- we've been worried, as you've seen, consumer weakness, that somehow that would result in more aggressive pricing, deeper pricing to Christmas, all those kind of things and it didn't really happen and we're not really seeing that coming through the data right now. You look at TDS across spirits, it's still positive, like plus one or 1.5 something right in there. And interestingly, this is where we were narrowing down even quicker as Tequila in the US and then US Whiskey across the US and both are also positive. So there's been a lot of speculation that Tequila pricing would start to fall apart as the costs have come down. It's just not showing. And if you look at the last 13 weeks and you go, which would cover the Christmas time period, both of those categories saw improved pricing, not lower. And so while I do hear a lot of these anecdotal stories of X, Y, Z brand went deep or whatever it might have been and there are examples out there like that. But for the most part, pricing is holding up so far and I consider that to be a pretty big positive too. Did I answer...
Lawson Whiting: On-premise, do you have -- I don't have the on-premise numbers in front of me. Sorry, we -- I don't have the on-premise numbers right in front of me, so I haven't seen a material change in those necessarily, but I'm trying to find the data point. Let's get back to you on the on-premise.
Lawson Whiting: Yes. Good. So, Nadine, a few things on this, because this is obviously a topic that we have spent a lot of time trying to understand a little bit better too. Over the last, I'll make it up five years, we had seen TDS go from 5% to 4% to 3% to 2% to 1%, something like that. I would be concerned that some of those things you just talked about, wellness trends, cannabis trends, GLP-1s, all those types of things, that would be an indicator that something is happening structurally in the business that's going to -- that could be permanent, but that's not what we saw. We as -- I think everyone on this call knows. I mean, that 4% to 5% range, COVID moved it around volatility wise, but it has been in that range for decades. And then all of a sudden, if you look at TDS the same, you look at July of last summer and you see a very sharp deceleration in the market, like GLP-1s or cannabis isn't not going to take a market and move at 4 or 5 points seemingly overnight. And so I just don't think that's what is -- I don't those big macro concerns that are out there are what is impacting the market today. Now over the next decade or two, do I want to look at that and understand that better? It is -- it could be a headwind, yes, but particularly on a healthier Gen Z kind of conversation. Cannabis, that's been around now for, I don't even know, ten plus years, whatever it is. We've studied that 18 ways till Sunday and have never been able to find a state where we saw reduced alcohol consumption based on it going legal and it's tough to do now because so many places are legal, but -- so, yeah. So I do think in general these are shorter-term challenges, particularly the US, but it's also true in Europe too. Europe is dealing a lot of the same macro factors the US is. And I do think it's the combination of what we've already talked about, but the very difficult comps, I think the consumer is weakened than it was, say, this time last year. But now predicting is the turnaround going to be six months or twelve months, I don't know. I don't have a crystal ball on that. But I am a believer that the macro factors impacting our business are more short-term in nature than these big macro headwinds.
Lawson Whiting: I don't know, if I was kind of -- I'm not making it up, but I mean, it's more of a return to normal over the next, call it 12 to 24 months in our world, something like that.
Lawson Whiting: Yeah, well, on the pricing history, I guess, when did it kick in? It was -- if we're talking about the US, it was about three years ago now. So we have chosen, I think, a slightly different path than some of our competitors. We've talked about this numerous times, but it's kind of that low and slow and it's what I want to see continuing going forward and is what we're trying to strive again even over the next twelve or 24 months. And that's a US comment for the most part, but it actually does apply to much of the rest of the world too. Europe had pretty healthy price increases the last couple of years too, which is collectively why we, one of the main reasons why we've been able to improve our gross margin. And so I have very little interest in giving that back and so we're going to continue to be pretty strong with that. As I mentioned earlier, I mean, I know anecdotally it feels that way and I've heard the same things and I saw what some of our competitors have said, but the reality is it's not coming through the data. So, I don't know -- I'm not sure how else to answer that. I mean, we talked about trade down earlier a couple of questions ago or the lack of, I should say. So it's not coming through in trade down here and we're not seeing it in terms of really individual brands that have all of a sudden gone deep and by the way, I think it's worth probably commenting too and this is at a very high level, so I personally -- we're not deep studying this quite yet. But the competitive, some of the brands that have gone lower haven't seen much in the way of a decent rebound in their volume. I'm just not sure these, not sure that's the core consumer problem right now is higher pricing. Pricing elasticity, as I said, low and slow, but if you compare pricing changes over the last two, three years to what grocery has done to what other consumer categories have done, where it was much more, you saw much higher inflation in the food channel, let's say, than you did in spirits. And so I just not -- I don't think -- I'm not that worried that our pricing actions have chased consumers away from our products. I just don't -- I think that would be sort of missing what the actual problem is.
Lawson Whiting: But I do think you picked up on an important point. If you look at that depletion schedule or Schedule D, if you assume that we're there from an inventory perspective, certainly depletions are better than, certainly a lot better than shipments over this year. So we're getting there. We're getting past these comps. I mean, there's like light at the end of the tunnel. We can't get there fast enough, but we're almost there.
Lawson Whiting: Yes, so your first part of that was the TDS and yes, you're right, RTDs are boosting TDS for sure. You take those out and it's closer to flat, which, honestly, close to flat. It's been 30 plus years since TDS has gone negative in the United States, not since the early 1990s when they had the excise tax changes. So from a pure TDS takeaway US figure it's about as bad as it's been, well, it is as bad as it's been in my career. So there are certainly challenges there. Now, do I think there's this big structural move in the world of RTDs? One, I mean, they meet a lot of consumer trends and needs right now. So I do believe it's a very powerful category. But if you go back over the last 20 or 30 years and you look through our industry, there have been so many booms and busts of different brands that we always start out by talking about California cooler 30 years of brown form 30 years ago when it went from 12 million cases to zero in about two years. So, I mean, there are booms and busts in that space. Jack and Coke is a bit different in that it's such an established drink already, it's the largest bar call in the world. That is not a fact in my mind. There are other brands we'll see. We've seen what happened to the malt based RTDs over the last few years and that category got blown up largely by these spirit based RTDs. So it's a volatile space for sure.
