Jane Morreau: Yes, so, just to give you a flavor, I noted a number of 67% of off-premise distribution for Fire as it related to Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey. As a point of reference, Honey is 81%, and so we know we’ve got that opportunity to get there as well, as in terms of its on-premise while we’ve gotten faster in the on-premise, the ratio of Tennessee Honey to Whiskey and Fire to Whiskey is got opportunity to – I mentioned 30% of Honey on the on-premise and – excuse me, Fire on the on-premise and Honey is, I think 39%. So we know we’ve got distribution opportunities there. All in the US that I am talking about right now to. 
Jane Morreau: Yes, sure. I’ll take that on. In the quarter, we actually had some cost pressures. So, you don’t know that our underlying gross profit growth and our underlying net sales growth were both in line, both grew 7% and we are still expecting some modest leverage there. But we had cost pressures from wood. I think I talked about this in the fourth quarter, just given the supply demand constraints there in the cost of wood. So, we expect that to bate over the balance of the years and our costs are coming down, our cost of goods to come down more in the inflationary 2% to 3% type of range. So we’ll expect to start seeing a bit of leverage through the gross profit and then in terms of operating expenses, we expect to continue to see leverage there. 
Jane Morreau: Things like SG&A for the quarter, there was a handful of things that were one-time in nature or things that occurred only in the first quarter that will not repeat themselves over the balance of the year. So when we adjust for those things, it was more in the full 1.5% range. 
Jane Morreau: Yes, so, just to pullback on pricing a bit, I think what we guided is at year-end was we were going to clean a little bit more on volume this year and a little less on price. So we would still get a benefit from the mix, not just because of our portfolio and the more – in the ads and the faster growth rates we have experienced on some of our higher end whiskies such as Woodford Reserve, so that, that gives you a benefit. Recall that, we took a couple of years of pretty aggressive pricing in the US both in 2013 and 2014. We did some more moderate pricing last year and we expect to continue to do more moderate pricing this year. So in the low single-digits, the 1%, 2% range is what we guided to. I don’t have the actual number for the quarter, but the price mix, it was a bit – it was pretty split, as I’d recall pretty close to being split between price and mix in terms of contribution. 
Jane Morreau: Yes, so, again, there is a lots of things going on, lots of moving parts in the quarter. I think I’ve mentioned some of them in my prepared remarks and I mentioned some when Vivien asked the question. We definitely had moving parts where we were down in Russia, typically and we had customers in travel retail that didn’t order, we also had tough comps in Australia. They had a price increase last year in the first quarter or as of August 1, there was a large buy-in there. So there is some of that dynamic going on. If you look on the flip side, there is other moving parts to in terms of looking at our developed markets. I think I would just pull back and not get hung up on Tennessee Whiskey in just one quarter. I think, what I would suggest and looking at our largest market Paul, and sometime when I am talking about the milestone we achieved in the US in the quarter of 5 million cases and when I think about what we were doing and takeaway trends a year ago, that brand was actually, I think it was flat to a little bit down and if you look as the year progress and it has continued to hold up, the growth rates has been – has improved and I think it was even stronger and that information I saw yesterday, but it’s in more in the 4.5% type of growth range. So, I think that, knowing that as a backdrop and then looking at the family number, I think you maybe referring to two, - that it’s large as it acutely impacted RTDs in Australia and that’s a tough market there right now from both an economy perspective, as well as just the RTD category. And if you were to just strip Australia out of those numbers, you would see a nice number for the Jack Daniel’s family of brands depletion growth it would have been up 7% for the quarter.
Jane Morreau: I thought I just build on what Paul said to, something he talked about at the end of our earnings release and something he talk to it about from time-to-time is, really we started seeing a change and consumer behavior starting right after during the recession and people started not going out as much and people started changing where they had or drinking occasions and I think we are seeing some of more blur between on-premise and off-premise and not that on-premise is not important, but, people where they drink has remained changed I believe from when the recession hit.
Jane Morreau: I can take a little bit of that and let Paul jump in. I would say, just in general, when we look at acquisitions, we are not necessarily looking at categories. We are looking at businesses and we are looking for brands and we are looking for good businesses and good brands. So, what I mean good group business is that have attractive economics, so are the margins well, the returns are well, or the capital-intensive if hopefully not, are they growing, are they sustainable, can they be doable. And so, we look less at the category if you will, versus a brand and looking for a good business, I would start-off with that. Given our portfolio we have now, we spent the last decade really tweaking it. 
Jane Morreau: More than tweaking it I should say, because we sold off our consumer durables business. We got sold off our well valued wine business. We brought in some brands in the portfolio too mainly the Tequila brand and so we have – what I call now pure play spirits portfolio, skewed to the premium in. And so, that would be something else that we would obviously look for and it’s obviously we are skewed through the American Whiskey which has – happened to be the place to be like today. 
Jane Morreau: You guess, you’ve probably have read as much as we have read on that and so we only know what we’ve read. The only thing I can really talk about is ourselves and how we address our own business and something that we’ve always done at least for two decades now is measure ourselves on a depletion basis, not a shipment basis. And, with that being said, we also not only do all of our management reporting here on that basis, but we also hold all of our sales force and employees accountable on a depletion basis. So what they are incentivized if you will on that same basis. And when, of course, when you are in the business that we are in which is the whiskey business, the whiskey making business, something we’ve been in a whole time, we’ve been around it’s very important to – really some art and science so I believe it has many learning’s over the many years if you will to be careful of how much you lie down, when you lie down, what you lie down. And so, it’s not like the bright spirits if you will. So we pay a lot of attention to what the inventory levels are at distributor level and we try what we have information on consumer cycle way which would be the best information obviously if we had that to see what’s going on in the retail to see when things were to get out and we’ll act. So that’s something that we constantly are looking at and are constantly aware of. 
Jane Morreau: Ian, actually, if you were to look at the rates earlier this week, which actually went in our favor, it would have – what we ran our analysis as of with the rates hadn’t changed much from when we gave the guidance at year end, so we really haven’t seen much movement at all as it related to what we are forecasting for the year which is a piece of moves for our FX.
Jane Morreau: One of the big things is the – what’s driving that 3% decline that you are referring to on the family or slowdowns do you referring to decline in the RTD.
Jane Morreau: So we don’t expect that to be the number. We still have tough comparisons that’s coming from Australia. When we strip out Australia, the number is 7%.
Jane Morreau: I think it will moderate. I think we may still see test, plans there, but I don’t think it will be – what we saw in the first quarter, because that’s going up against the price increase. If we think a year ago, we are ahead of buy in. We did not talk about what I referred to was – information yesterday that showed volumetric growth on Jack Daniel’s Black Label, Green Label at 4.5%.
Jane Morreau: Yes, so, I think if you refer to the table that we have in our appendix, you’ll see, the impact on our reported results from FX of 9% on net revenues and then you’ll see the gross profit. You’ll see all the pieces that’s again.
Jane Morreau: And as you said, it gets plus as you go down obviously because we have some – we have expenses offsetting our revenue line items. The one big thing that you are not seeing on there is something that – was in our other income and expense which also what I was referring to that we expect to not happen again in Q2, or Q3 and a little bit in Q4, but it was mainly Q2 and Q3, but we had about a $5 million number or so in the first quarter of this year in other income expense that was not -
Jane Morreau: So, again, if we think about headwinds, we simply are going to have a few cents of headwinds by the time we get to the end of the year. We had $0.03 or so in the quarter. So that’s maybe a couple more cents, what you are going to see, what I was trying to point out is in the next quarter because it’s the right sales essentially where they were as of last week. We had another pretty good hit versus last year’s second quarter at the top-line, now you will see another pretty good hit on a transactional basis if you will for our revenue line. I was pointing that out, but I’d think it will be much less time you get to the bottom-line for the second quarter. We won’t say a whole lot more comments there, but I wanted to make sure that you understood that your revenues for the first half of the year are going to be challenged because of the FX comparisons and then set aside absence of the other income and expense items, I don’t know that helps.
Jane Morreau: Well, yes, think about it as we go into the third and fourth quarter, if the rates were, if the euro was somewhere around 1.11, 1.12, that’s somewhere – where it got during the third and fourth quarters. So it’s - as an example 
Paul Varga: Vivien, I’ll add too - I think, while we are not, we don’t try to internally here precisely nail down the quarters as we go along when we try to give enough of a flavor to them and one thing in retrospect that I think we’ve learned is that, the acceptance at the trade for Tennessee Fire in our last fiscal year’s Q4, because we pretty rapidly built distribution and of course we can gauge with precision how much retail inventory there as we can do a really good job we think on the distributor inventory pipeline, but on the retail inventory pipeline, as it now I look back on it, I think we probably built it faster than we did on Honey in its early days for Tennessee Fire and so back when we are – I guess, perhaps forecasting our fiscal year 2016 and the Q1, we would have thought that maybe some of that pipeline was going to be more evenly spaced through the first six months whereas the lot of I think as we look back on it now happened pretty quickly for Tennessee Fire and we suspect that was because of the pent-up demand that was occurring because of the staged rollout. So, that could be a factor too in the Q1 results. It kind of a hybrid of both your questions there. 
Paul Varga: Yes, we would certainly expect the SG&A to moderate from where it came in at the first quarter. We had – as Jane said, these will be like – for example, we had our global meetings that came in the first quarter and did not had that last year, so for example. So we did expect that to moderate.
Paul Varga: I think both, I mean, so when we talk about intensifying competition, it could have flat to any number of the reference points that we’ve – in our prepared remarks, I mean, outside a couple. I mean, there is no doubt that if you look at areas like flavored whiskey, premium plus, American Whiskey and I’ll just maybe comment on at the corporate level as lots of corporations are competing against each other out in the marketplace. There is just a large number of new entrants in flavored whiskey in that one example and just – if you just think about it in a very short amount of time, it’s my estimate that in the United States alone, the flavored whiskey segment could be 7 million to 8 million cases, which makes it – I mean, not only that happened fast, it makes it very large and so, that is very exciting and a lot of people who are seeking growth want to be a part of it. So you start to see a lot of entries. And so, that’s what makes that, in some ways challenging to forecast your business, to think of that. So it’s a quite a – because of the pace of its growth, it makes the management of those brands that are – from Brown-Forman in there a much more dynamic exercise. So that’s something we’ve been adjusting to a bit. I think at the super premium level of American Whiskey, I mean, you can just – it’s really the craft items are just the regionalization of the category where there is lots of offerings in each state, many distilleries being built and all of that has a competitive collectively really a competitive presence in the American Whiskey category. Some of it’s exciting because it adds new users, but for the established players it’s something you have to pay attention to it. So when we refer to intensifying competition, we are referring to that as well and that can be very much for retail space to based on shelf, based on back bars, et cetera. And then the third area really is, I mean, the world doesn’t just sit around addle and look at how Brown-Forman is performing and then reviewing themselves and not desire to grow at faster rates. And so we feel competitive pressures from companies that are simply striving to better out in the marketplace and often in more recent years, these some of the larger competitors and so whether it’s through their innovation or through the intensity of their efforts, sometimes it’s spending, sometimes it can be discounts. We are just seeing sort of more of an all-out efforts in some of our competition on that range. So when we cite intensifying competition, it really expands all three of them.
Paul Varga: And you should always expect the mix factor to be more prominent in the United States, just because of the fact the portfolio and the fact that the premium items are doing so much better than our lower priced item in that particular market. I mean, our portfolio, it just isn’t that as expanse that was in the United States when you go to the international market. 
Paul Varga: Yes, so it’s the Black Label as we look at the Jack Daniel’s Black Label numbers for the next nine months, we would expect – based on the factors Jane talked about some of the seasonal stuff that occurred in travel retail and Russia is a more difficult one to try to anticipate. But we would expect that volumetrically and hopefully from the sales standpoint to be better for the balance of the nine months and the first quarter.
Paul Varga: Well, that’s a country-by-country answer and of course, sometimes we don’t have the details to provide you. I mean, our business in the United States, the largest and most important country, we’ve actually been encouraged by our on-premise progress over the last six to 12 months where it appears our brands are performing a bit better than they were in prior 12 months. Some of that and as the fact that Jane mentioned that relates to some help from the introduction of Tennessee Fire into the on-premise, that’s a nice thing. But it really is the SKU to the American Whiskey a bit, is doing in the results on brands like Woodford Reserve, Old Forester, Jack Daniel’s continue to do well. So I think, we would be in the largest market encouraged by some of the more recent trends in the on-premise. And, honestly, something we look to for both on-premise and off-premise in this country are fuel prices and so, we would knock on wood that the lower fuel prices and the expectations they would continue could continue to help support some of the recent performance in that channel. 
Paul Varga: Yes, we do believe that. I mean, if you just look at the behavior of Millenial’s , where they might have spent three or four hours at a bar for an evening, they may only be spending an hour and a half in the first portion of it is in their apartment on the couch with their friends and so, the brand selections that occur in those different environments are really important and I think that actually is a contributing factor to why the flavored whiskies are actually doing fairly well because they are convenient to pour and consume and don’t require a lot of mixtures et cetera. So, I think there is some changing dynamics that made be with us for a while. 
Paul Varga: Yes, I think, you’ll find us being fairly focused relative to our competition on particular trademarks and probably most direct response to the interest that’s out there in Mezcal is that our response would be to focus ever more on Herradura. I mean, I think that, we have so much work still to do to build the awareness, distribution, velocity, telling the story of Herradura remains very important to us. We think it can be a very significant piece of business for us in due course. It’s actually showing nice traction of late and we think that interest in Mezcal might create interest as well on the Tequila category because of the flavor profile. But to your point, I think it would be short-sighted on our part not to pay attention to emerging categories and see how they might impose competitive tension or distraction for our brands in the marketplace and these have come from time-to-time whether they are Mezcal or the Cachaças or the Japanese Whiskies are showing some – in this country some interest. So I think it is worth always having little bit in your peripheral vision these categories. So you can see what you can learn from them. From what I can see so far from Mezcal it makes me want to work even harder on Herradura. 
Paul Varga: Yes, I’ll just add that, the idea that I mean, I’d reference just a little bit with the point I made earlier about corporate competition. I mean, I think the effect that amongst many other factors, perhaps for the idea that who you cite at is they are probably a more motivated competitor as a result of – really a couple of things, one the desire to continue to be a better company and grow. So, if they are doing that, that – of course for a company like Brown-Forman and everybody else in the industry creates competition. I think the test would be, whether or not it’s anymore significant than what we’ve experienced historically, because we always find that there is some competitors who are out in the marketplace make whether they manage their business by shipments or really trying to pre-occupy the retailers by getting them to spend more of their dollars on the ideal brand or somebody else’s brand, that’s always been a competitive force and people who manage their business that retail differently than we might, I can’t say that it’s any different today than I’ve seen them over my career in many countries around the world, people who will do things because, what I call competitive distraction. I think the net of – a more important factor are companies who are striving to grow at rates that are higher than they currently are experiencing and when you attempt to do that, whether it’s through investments or innovation or some of these others, you just get, sometimes they are more formidable competitor in the marketplace. I don’t know that that’s anymore difficult that we encounter all the time and so, my advice to our own people is to keep our heads down, do the right things that are right both short, mid, and long-term for our company and our brands and adjust where you see there is something new, particularly on the innovation front. I think that’s a more compelling competitive force sometimes than the heavy discounting or stealing the retailers’ dollars through loading or something like that. So, in any event, for us, we’d pay attention to it, but we are not going to be pre-occupied with it.
Paul Varga: Yes, I think you make a good point. I think it’s more the uncertainty around where – what might go, what might occur going forward as a result of just the skittishness that we have seen over the last, I mean, literally week to ten days more impactful for our business are countries that undertake aggressive excise taxation as some policy of the country to raise revenues or whatever that can directly impact us. No, you are absolutely correct that there is always macroeconomic forces that are working both for and against you. But, we are acting a little bit more I think to just the recency of some of these market sell-off. That I mean, I am not, at this stage see what happens, I am not obsessed with what’s going on out there, I mean and lot of it is, because our geographic diversification of the company has really been a big help for us. I mean, the country we’ve been talking about here just a little bit today, Australia, which has been kind of difficult economy, it’s been a difficult to sell spirits environment and been not the leading performer for Brown-Forman more recently, but outside that, a while back, while countries were having difficulty whether it was in Europe or maybe the United States was not performing the way it is today, Australia was leading Brown-Forman in some ways because of the growth of our RTDs and our mainland whiskeys down there. So, I always try to reflect on how this geographic diversification and not putting all of our eggs in one basket can help us and it’s times like these and I am particularly appreciative of it. 
Paul Varga: Yes, I think there is certainly unique opportunities that the currency can create. We totally agree with you there. I think the trick still becomes whether or not what you might pursuing is really on two fronts of our four As, whether they are available and in fact attractive. And so, as far as I am concerned that hasn’t changed that much. I think that we would find most attractive – are pretty strongly unavailable, and so we are not going to be pre-occupied with it. It’s one of the reasons it can become so focused on the innovations with – through the example of entering Irish and trying to do with that initiative something perhaps similar to our experience on Woodford Reserve over the last 20 years. So, I think, the industry continues to be an attractive place it can change and it has for some of our competitors and whether or not that creates some impetus for M&A or some opportunities for us remains to be seen. 
Paul Varga: Yes, I think there is a – at the end of September, we are doing a groundbreaking over there and so, from our original sort of 12 month plan I think we are on track which – sort of exciting around here, that we are getting some products in initial packaging and brand identity works done, so that we can do something concurrent, while we are building out the distillery and then starting the distilling of the product and the aging of it. So, it will be a concurrent process, very much the way it was that the company for Woodford Reserve back 20 years ago.
Paul Varga: It’s a good question. We are going to – actually, I think next week I am looking at our distillery production plans which is always a point in time in our process that review and reflect on whether your plans have changed, because I mean, we have obviously, unfortunately have to look out many years, which means you are going to be inaccurate. But, here is the way I’d say it, I would say that – about three large sort of pieces of business we sometimes dissect our business into, in the United States, generally I think it’s a continuation of what we would have felt and seen. I think the only factor which is it could be macroeconomic indirectly has been some of the intensifying competition I think would be a point I’d make. But otherwise, we are continuing to – I mean, we really like the growth rates that we are experiencing and the performance of the company relative to the industry in the United States and we are sort of sticking with those plans. I mean there is always an uncertainty around innovation like Tennessee Fire and where it will settle out and all that, but we are putting forth our best effort on that and so that would be one bucket. Another bucket would be how I feel today versus maybe a year ago or so on or even six months ago, I know your question was about versus three weeks ago, about the developed markets. But, actually better about what’s happening for our company just sort of summer and going into the fall in Europe, than I did previously as we have seen the UK continue to do well. Germany, France which has continued to be a great market for us and coming off of a year that was in our financials had a lot of transitional things going on because of the start of the company. Emerging markets, Russia, you couldn’t feel better about and part of that’s because we – to protect our margins took a pretty large SAS price increase that was related to currency which is rare for us to take currency direct – directly related to currency price increases and I think we will have a pretty uneven month-to-month business in Russia, some because we will be trying to figure out what’s going on in that economy, how our business is being affected by and as people sort of acclimate to our new price level over there. In the same way some of the other emerging markets are doing very, very well and again, the diversification we have across many emerging markets is a help in that. We are paying particular attention to Australia. It’s an important country for us and it’s having some difficulties and I think as Jane said, I mean, we are just trying to understand better what’s going on in our travel retail. We think this is seasonal impact as she explained there. But that has been a very consistent and strong performer for the company for the last many years. So we will be paying more attention to it. But, on balance, when you put it all together, I mean, here is the way I’d say it, our first quarter underlying sales and operating income basically mirrored what our forecasts are for the full year and are also a continuation of basic results we had last year. So I don’t see anything right now and I mean, we could change our minds if we have a global financial crisis or something like that. I think that was the point Jane was trying to make. Nobody really knows where this is headed. We are trying to stick to our own very focused plans around our business until we see something else there. 
Paul Varga: Yes. I think that’s the dominant piece. You always have pricing competitiveness, but I don’t see that that is that in some level of intensity. I just think that because of what’s happening with American Whiskey and flavored whiskey and our positions in both of those so prominently, you take note when there is a lot of new entrants. So, it’s mostly on the innovation front.
Paul Varga: It certainly was an element of our – what I’ll call rest of the portfolio outside of the Jack Daniel’s brand having a very good quarter. If you look at the – and that’s a rest of portfolio, I know you are referring to Schedule B, I am talking about everything, other than Jack Daniel’s. And the Tequila has had a really good quarter that might be one of the contributing factors, Woodford Reserve, it gets larger and the larger it gets and the more it grows at 26%, the more it makes contributions, it’s not specifically called out here, but even contributions from brands like Old Forester, Sonoma Cutrer, et cetera. Yes, it was a good quarter for the non-Jack Daniel’s brands. But I also don’t want to take away from the fact that we expect the Jack Daniel’s family and particularly Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Whiskey over the balance of the year to post better numbers than the 3% that was in there. So, but I think it’s a fair comment. I mean, it was a good quarter and there were some, as all these brands have when you just look at 90 days at the beginning of a year, you have all kinds of things that are influencing sort of a quarterly number. So, I wouldn’t expect or for example, our Tequilas to continue to run at those rates for the full year. But nonetheless we do think they are performing better than they were in the recent past.
Paul Varga: But, you look at it, I think, we’ve already commented on Tennessee Whiskey, on Tennessee Honey, we at least hope and plan that it will grow double-digits. I mean, I posted whether they hear 14% underlying 18% for the quarter, I mean, I think it’s off of a very large base that has – in the growth rates that moderated in the United States somewhat. But also internationally, I mean, if I look at countries like Czech Republic and Brazil and others, Tennessee Honey continues to do very, very well. And it’s always a challenge when you have new excitement for a brand like Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire to make sure everybody is also continuing to focus on Tennessee Honey. I’ll also add that, it’s hadn’t been a premier focus of the Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire launch this year, but we thought it’s important to do a few international market tests, even if they are channel-specific or within a country, even regionally-specific, some of the early results we are hearing back from, particularly the UK and Czech Republic are quite encouraging as it relates to acceptance on the Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire business out in those markets. As you’ll recall, we did some of this with Tennessee Honey years ago, when we launched we started in the United States, but then began to test interest in the international markets. We used to have far more ability to control some of this with social media and the way that world travels today an introduction for example in the United States by Jack Daniel’s is instantly known amongst a lot of devotees to the brand all over the world. So, it becomes a little bit harder for us to manage some of that, but, right now, I would say, even though it’s more qualitative and anecdotal to these tests, I feel like the acceptance for Tennessee Fire in the international markets has progressed a little better than we might have anticipated. So, there is a lot of factors that could influence the family’s continuing performance over the balance of the nine months and I’ll remind you that the seasonality for our company really picks up in the next six months over the fall and into the holiday period. And so, those will be more important to the full year than just in the first quarter.
Paul Varga: Publicly available data. Here is just the trend line that I noted once we are sort of prepping for this is that using just the NABCA data, not the Nielsen data for the United States, that a year ago, the 12 month trend projecting that was approximated minus one. Today the 12 month trend is plus 4 and the three months trend is plus 4 and the one month trend was plus 6. So, I mean, as you see, it’s just traveling on has there’s been some strengthening. And so, it’s very much in line with what Jane was directionally saying about the improvement in the parent brands’ performance over the last 12 months.
