Paul Varga: Thanks, Jane, and good morning everybody. I’ll be brief here, but just wanted to add a couple of additional comments. Overall, I was pleased with the quarter as we did see the acceleration in underlying net sales that we had anticipated when we spoke with you back in the summer. It was particularly nice to see the U.S. Jack Daniel’s Black Label acceleration has been sometimes since we have seen quarterly take away growth in the U.S. at this level. So this has been particularly encouraging for all of us. You would have seen that the adverse impact of foreign exchange is an unwelcome reality for the company just now, but I am heartened by the fact that the first half underlying results generally met our expectations, and as Jane mentioned they continue to compare quite favourably to what we observed from our global competitive set. Now as we have commented many times in the past our wonderful Jack Daniel’s brand is the primary driver of this differential performance and I’m going to cite just three of the ways in which we believe Jack does this. First, as the undisputed leader of American Whiskey premium priced or otherwise Jack Daniels along with some of our other well performing premium bourbon brands like Woodford Reserve and Old Forester disproportionately skew the company to one of the hottest categories in our industry right now. And we continue to believe that American Whiskey is still at a relatively early stage of global development. Secondly, Jack Daniel’s wide spread global consumer appeal is the lead source of the company’s exceptional geographic balance and diversification today. The benefits of this geographic breadth are not only that it provides Brown-Forman with a larger consumer market place and much longer runway for growth in a more limited geographic scope, but it also enables us to whether there is periodic regional or country setbacks that inevitably come along overtime. Poland and Russia are two such examples in the results we have reported today. This vast geographic footprint also carries with it foreign exchange volatility that is also evident today and we consider this a very acceptable risk for the benefits of geographic diversification. And then third, the strength of the parent Jack Daniels Black Label brand provides the foundation for thoughtful, meaningful line extensions such as Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey which has been a noteworthy contributor to the company’s growth over the last few years. And with today’s announcement that we’ll be expanding Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire nationally in the U.S. we are hopeful that it will follow a successful lead provided by Gentlemen Jack, Tennessee Honey and the Jack Daniel’s RTDs over the last 20 years or so. So favourable category concentration, geographic breadth and diversification, and impactful innovation, all driven by Jack Daniels are three of the primary factors that we believe account today for our company’s favourable and differential performance. Accordingly, we will continue to invest in these areas and of course behind the Jack Daniel’s trademark. This concludes our prepared remarks for this morning and we are now happy to take any questions that you have.
Paul Varga: Sure. I may have to just comment that we were pleased to see this acceleration not only in the results that Jane discussed but also at some of the syndicated data that supports improved consumer take away. I mean as I think about it, there are a couple of things that we might point to of course the category you know continues to do very very well, but the category has been doing well for some time and the jump that we’ve seen in the Jack Daniel’s Black Label trends recently we think maybe attributable to a couple of factors. One is this year relative to past we think we just have improved relative pricing, we had been quite aggressive in the U.S. and consistent over the last couple of years of taking prices and I think in some places around the country we got ahead of some of our competitive set and got it particularly at a time when the consumer might not have had as much disposable income so you put together the fact that we have improved relative pricing even though we haven’t been like dramatically lowering prices that just that others have caught up to us as we’ve been less aggressive with pricing this year. And you put that together with maybe this benefit the consumer is seeing from lower fuel prices which might be giving them you know better discretionary income and I think we might be the sweet spot where it’s easier for you know our consumer who drinks on occasion to trade up more frequently is maybe the bottom line. And then I would add to it entering FY’15, we consciously mobilised our U.S. sales and marketing teams in the United States with a renewed and focus on the Jack Daniel’s Black Label brand. I mean, in some ways I would call it asserting our category leadership, I mean just making sure we weren’t taking for granted the fact that Brown-Forman was the leader of the American Whiskey business in the United States at a time when it was booming and that therefore have made it off course more competitive.  And I just think in some ways through either investment focus just the heavy reminder of the importance of Jack Daniels Black Label to Brown-Forman in its home country, the time that’s very important for the category has really helped to focus attention, promotionally and from an investment standpoint to also add to it. So I think the combination of that improved relative pricing maybe improved posture from the consumer and then our promotional efforts around it may be the primary factors contributing to the uptick.
Paul Varga: And I will add to that Diageo, is I’d suspect a direct reflection of them trying to remain competitive given what’s been going on in that country with what I consider to be excessive excise taxation and so one of the tools available to any of the brand owners is to reformulate in order to make the products to continue to be affordable and attractive to consumers, so you do end up having a trade-off between alcoholic content and price, and so they’re moving is understandable.
Paul Varga: We’re certainly dependent on that continued performance in the U.S. from Jack Daniel’s Black Label is one of the contributing factors where again it was another piece of the business that was slower in the first quarter than it will be through the remainder of the nine months. So when you think about key markets in Europe and you think about the U.S. and then focus on results of the second quarter and think about that over the remainder of the second half, it can account for the kind of guidance we are getting.
Paul Varga: I think on Russia, Jane alluded to a bit in her comment, but I think the thing that we’re focused on, I mean, it’s a place where of course as it relates to any relevance for our companies, it relates to the trade disputes that are going on between Russia and the United States. I mean, we’re just – we’re continuing as we said in the first quarter to cooperate fully. There is no news for us to report on that today. The thing that we would have seen in Q2 relative to Q1 was one; much prevalent in a lot of people’s results is just weakening economic conditions within Russia associated with the consumer level. But then also for brands who had been in press like some of our, some hesitancy on the trade level associated with buying and putting into inventory the brands while there is uncertainty around the governments action. So, I think the combination of those, the new add to it. You know that when you look at our reported results what’s happened with the rouble you get sort of three factors influencing what’s been going on in the last 90 days in Russia for us. So, as we have updates to report on anything as it relates to the Russian regulatory agencies and how that affects our business will certainly bring those forward to you all.
Paul Varga: Sure. Let me give you a little background on this. Because it’s a – we’re of course number by nature conservative on this front because we’re dealing with Jack Daniel’s trademark and I think we’re just as you would expect and I hope you would expect that we really want to measure not just short term, but continue to monitor long-term the impact of these line extensions off of Jack Daniel’s. And I think one of the reasons we’ve largely over the very long period of time done it well is because the conservative approach to it has served, I mean, its really served as well. Now having said that there’s – what we think a great opportunity out there for objecting those Tennessee Fire associated with what’s going on in the particularly the U.S. right now with the flavoured whiskey segment. And so, I’ll just draw a couple of comparisons between Tennessee Fire and Tennessee Honey. One is that Tennessee Honey itself is a brand that today’s in excess of a million cases approximates $25 a bottle and is growing in excess of 30%. And so, number one, we just think we want to make sure we keep our eye on that, because the statistic I’ve decided there, those three things are very unusual to have brands of that size, of that price point at that growth rate. And so first and foremost we wanted to make sure and continue to make sure that Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey has every opportunity to realize its full potential. And I’ll remind everybody, its in here I think 4.5 I guess, maybe in the United States there’ll be early – yeah, start its fourth year. So part of this is do not have these things be flash in the pan and to make sure they are nice and enduring profitable growing brands at Brown-Forman. So, if you think about that then you approach Tennessee Fire, it being a second line extension in the flavoured area in a short amount of time, we’ve been cautious, that’s why we went and tested it. For Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Honey we immediately went to a launch nationally in the United States and relatively shorter amount of time. So, with this we wanted to make sure that what we were doing was well received in the consumer marketplace.
Paul Varga: Yeah, you bet and understand cannibalization, understand competitive reference, understand how to trade puts the brands into distribution and promote them. So all these things, but it just a little more complicated on the second one. Now the one thing I will say that is really encouraging to us, but it sort of enabled us to go ahead and announce the national rollout is how well it has done in test market. I mean, we’ve seen exceptionally strong test market results and of course we’re reading not only what’s happening volumetrically in the marketplace with sales and trial and all that. But really also focusing in on brand equity perceptions, doing a couple of ways of research to understand how the consumer is viewing Tennessee Fire. And I would just say, of course one of the important things that really points to great opportunity is that there’s already very large player in cinnamon whiskey market, these both a potential source of volume, but also create the opportunity for additional entrance. Now the one thing about is the leader in this case is popular price and we’re going into premium level and that’s something we accept as a reality. But even with that one thing that we’ve learned from the research Jack Daniel’s Tennessee Fire against the marketplace today is seen as having great advantage on a really important dimensions, at least are very important to us such as test, premiumness, quality, authenticity, masculinity so, those are the types of things that we look to help us make these decisions. So price will always be an inhibitor for some on any product and we would expect that to be one of the things that we for any period of time would be dealing as it to this particular product. But nonetheless we’ve been really encouraged by what we’ve seen and just remember the other thing, that results of Tennessee Fire in its test market have been as strong or stronger than what we would seen for Tennessee Honey in its early days. And what really hardens is that we really had no media support behind it speak of, it’s mostly been promotional some social media and word-of-mouth and in in-store. So, as we go national we think there’s an opportunity to build awareness and appeal at a higher level similar to what we did with Tennessee Honey’s launch. So, I hope that gives you some background on why we approach the way we have. We’ll continue to be both enthusiastic and optimistic about it, but also appropriately conservative about it.
Paul Varga: I’ll try, I mean, I think the first thing of course Bryan is that we’ve got six months behind us, so by nature you are more confident about six months ahead versus 12. You always have the holiday season that you have in this industry particularly you worry about. But I think it’s about the same. I think you’d mentioned most of the -- and I would say they largely offset each other. As I think about my own confidence level I think U.S. probably stronger and it’s a big, it’s our number one country. I would say I feel stronger about yet today than I would have back and say May or something. But I think you are right to call out Russia and actually the prolonged nature of the excise tax increases in Poland I would have hoped that would have been the consumer and the trade would have adjusted more rapidly than we’ve seen them. But again that gives us some of the confidence in the back half because you go against some pretty soft comps in the fourth quarter there particularly and part of it too will be a year away from this sort of sticker shock that comes from these excise taxes. So, I think you hit it about right. I mean you have some regional reallocations, but generally I mean I can’t say it, but I like -- continue like the balance of our growth across the globe. And that diversification we have allows us to make adjustment. The other thing as you know there are smaller levels, but things like Herradura continuing to do better and other premium products Woodford Reserve and if you just look at over the years particularly brand like Woodford Reserve, is just getting bigger and bigger and so something like it at that size is growing 30% plus starts to have an impact. And so, I think a lot of course we evaluate this after we see the December results, because it’s such a big period for us. But we did think we’re going to have pretty favorable comps in Q4 for the company generally and so that gives us lot of confidence about the range we provide today.
Paul Varga: Also I think in Germany there just retail activity itself there’s the retailers in that market, I mean, the takeaway trends has been softer this year than they were a year ago. But part of it I think associated with – there some very large retailers there and couple have change, one particular has changed their manner in which they priced to the consumer and even I’m call it one of these sort of everyday low pricing version of that. And that always I think takes the marketplace time to adjust to their – consumer level time to adjust to new buying patterns as well. So some of those show up in our consumer takeaway numbers of course, and so, I think part of it just time away from higher prices. As you move from month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter I think your confidence level raises, and that’s beyond the levels of just favourable comps because there was buying and then basically very low sales afterward. But I do think some of it is really in the end want to focus on the consumer level. And we think just time away from those higher prices and acclimation to the help.
Paul Varga: Yeah. I mean, we always look at that as you seen and we tend to look at over much longer period of time and just what’s in the particular year or quarter, but I would certainly say that over the past several years we’ve been returning more shareholders than for example making acquisition – returning more to shareholders than making acquisitions and of course that’s been a good investment on behalf of the company and the shareholders, but we’ll always look at that. I just think that compared to we’ve seen out there is the use of cash particularly around the acquisition areas. It’s been pretty thin as it relates to things that we found attractive and advisable. So and that reflected in sort of in the absence of really any acquisition some time at the company. On that contrast we’ve been very successful at innovation. So as company think through out of in the marketplace you always have the opportunities to buy it or to build it and in the case of over the last few years we’ve been successful and innovating. Around vodka I mean, my general comment about that globally is it is brutally competitive right now. I mean, the large – if you think about the large market for it, you’ve got Russia, Poland, United States has been the premier market and we already talked about Russia and Poland quite a bit here, so with excise taxes and people repositioning or innovating to hit lower price points. I mean, it just very competitive particularly in Poland and Russia. And then I would say over the United States, I mean a lot is really being interesting to watch it harder to get prices these days. The flavoured aspect of the U.S. vodka market has gone soft here in the last couple of years. And the winning brands happened to be coming from as was that case five years ago to the established brands from upstarts. And so, it’s undeniable that Tito’s is sort of leading gross brand and its not in flavoured business, its benefiting from the organic and local and sort of craft benefit. There is one of the lessons we’ve see over time Vodka is that once you think you have an established brand because there’s very few barriers to entry particularly in this U.S. market, you really see new brands come in and capture the imagination of the consumers and its true both Tito’s and his Gallo’s – New Amsterdam.
Paul Varga: Its look stable, I mean, tough to give prices. It looks like to me, I think the big dynamics that’s influencing growth in vodka right now is the flavours in terms of their ability to add to growth versus the prior year have become soft and its always been the case, the ability to get price of whiskey was far greater than it was in vodka in most of the key market.
Paul Varga: On the last question, do you expect Q4 to be – it will be sort of February and beyond for us. And on Russia the impact, I mean, that break it into the consumer impact because of the weakening Russian economy would apply to all categories, I mean just really it would be difficult whatever impacts the consumer would influence there purchasing patterns generally. I mean, overall the whiskeys in that market tend to be more premium priced than the vodkas generally – there is so many local important vodka brands in Russia. But the – as it relates to our company some of the concerns and risks we’ve identified to this first half have been more associated with some of the things that have been in the public side related to Jack Daniels and would not have applied as much to Finlandia, so on Finlandia we would worry more about the competitiveness and the economy in Russia, whereas on Jack Daniels we worry about that, we’d worry about some of these regulatory concerns we’ve surfaced and on both of them of course for our company we worry about the translation effect of the rouble.
Jane Morreau: Sure. So just to give you a little background on our hedging philosophy, I think that’s what you are asking for is. First of all we are in the market for speculating about the effects, we have never done that. And we don’t hedge in excess of our underlying net exposures either, and we don’t fully hedge our transaction exposure, so in other words we are not in to take or get 100% mitigated exposure all taken care of or we wouldn’t go the other way and have none. So what instead we do, we do something that we call more like you are used to dollar cost averaging so that were over any period of time or 12 month period of time you would see about 50% of our transactional exposure if you will hedged. And so I thought while I’m here thought I might just spend a little bit more talking about FX to ensure there is going to be more color to this and thinking about what happened in our first half of the year the $0.10. And I thought I would spend a minute and break it down a bit more, because what I was just referring to largely centered around our transactional exposure. And our transaction exposure, I’m referring to is really our business, our ongoing business or sales of our products less the expenses to sell those products or people are advertising and spending that we were doing with foreign currency as well as any cost that might be incurred in our local market. And so when I look at that $0.10 that we had, heard [ph] our results in the first half about half of it was due to that and that was if you looked at the currency shifts as I said early on how much they moved in just a couple of month period of time was pretty dramatic. The other half of it, but it looked as have planned in terms of how we hedge and what we would have been expecting in terms of our net exposure. The other half of it is what I was referring that shows up on the other income and expense line item and it is referred to as our net assets, largely cash in this case and I think I referred to in the first quarter we had a sort of that other fast [Indiscernible] we had like a $0.02 hit in the first quarter that was one time in nature that related to an intercompany transaction. The remaining $0.03 was really driven by the revaluation of cash balances that we have growing cash balances to become bigger overseas. So when I look ahead and think about what to expect for the rest of the year, this piece that I’m talking about this, the -- piece I’m talking about I would say that that is done and behind us is the transactional piece that you still have exposure on, meaning at today’s spot rates and you compare to what we are looking to do for the rest of the year compared to those spot rates you got downside, and that’s what the nickel was coming from. So when you think about the effects and how much is ongoing versus how much is one time in nature, I would split them in two pieces and then think of the rest of this year as a nickel. You are right, in terms of the following year until we start laughing these rates you’ll still have some downside in that – some downside in that ’16.
Jane Morreau: Yes. So Vivien, that’s something that we constantly look at. We’re looking at our proof and consumers and what they are looking for and what they see in the products and what they are winning in the products all the time. We actually are currently and have been for a number of years so called RTDs or Southern Comfort RTDs in that market have been at that rate that the Diageo slowing their [Indiscernible] down to in Captain Morgan [ph] they did some time ago were already there. And so, but we are having plans for our premium Jack Daniels RTDs so to reduce them to those rate at this time, but it’s an ongoing thing that we always look at and consider the consumers who already had it. It’s interesting to note we do have an RTD that we do have at a lower proof than even the Diageo and its more for special events or for your camps and mining and different things like that where the alcohol products are allowed to be sold but at a much lower rate, but no plans right now.
Jane Morreau: Yeah. By the way, where do you live? We’ll going to make sure that in your liquor stores we’ve got Jack Daniel's...
Jane Morreau: Yeah. There you go. But yeah, we are planning on selling it. So in terms of the pricing, recall at the beginning of the year when we communicated that, and I think we’re very much on track to deliver this price mix that we’ve been talking about. But we took very – Paul already alluded to you that two years of really hefty strong prices [ph] in the U.S. in 4% to 5% range two consecutive years of those rates. We chosen the U.S. to moderate take time out get some of the competitors to catch up from a relative perspective. And so, is very low about percent we are planning. But we were still planning pricing outside the U.S. and so we are still seeing pricing coming from outside the U.S. and we’re expecting I believe and when we talked about this early on that we were expecting about a third of our growth and net sales to come from pricing for the year. So I think we’re still on target on that. And then your question in terms of the acceleration on the back half of the year, I think one of the things that you have to think about is what happened in the first quarter. There was only a 3% growth rate in the first quarter. We had tough comps in the first quarter. We talked what was going on. It was largely retail inventories if you will. And we’ve adjusted for that. As it come along we knew we’re going to get acceleration in the second quarter. We grew 7% in the second quarter. I don’t expect that 7% to slow down for the balance of the year. So, in fact when we get to our fourth quarter, we had a pretty weak fourth quarter in a couple of markets particularly we’ve been talking about for some time in Poland and Germany and we’re expecting to rebound in both of those places. They had some buy-ends in the third quarter of last year. And so that – we’re not even including Fire -- these are the things that we’re talking about that will give us a lift in our sales growth.
Jane Morreau: And back on your question on Fire though, again just to reiterate what we said in terms of the timing of this. This is a late fiscal year introduction. The time that its going to take to get into the system from a distribution and really for the consumer that start pulling in and so forth like that. We really are – we’ve written down.
Jane Morreau: Very, very minimal if any, a very small amount in this forecast, and then, we know there will be a pipeline. So our reported results get some benefit from that at a top and by the time you get to the bottom it’s minimal too, because we want to introduce this brand in the best way we can. And to be successful and therefore investing a lot to support the launch.
Jane Morreau: Lots of question. It’s great, Judy. Yeah, in terms of what we’re seeing in the markets outside the U.S. particularly you’re focusing on the U.K. and Germany and those were the two markets we called out in our first quarter outside the U.S. that were having some disruptions in trade inventory adjustments. The U.K. is back in balance. So, in our numbers they had a great second quarter and there back in balance and growing have single-digits year to-date.
Jane Morreau: Absolutely, thanks Paul. And then Germany is still going up here, it does have -- I would call it buying disruptions if you will. It’s an interesting right now. The economy is pretty difficult. We have set forward for ourselves what we believe is the right strategy as it relates to the price positioning of our brand. The retail market there as you can imagine is very challenged with the economy and looking to take prices down. And so, we continue to work through this situation with our retail partners in that market. But we have not worked through all that yet. So as I’ve noted in our script today, we still have a little bit of hangover if you will from retail adjustments in the U.S. and in Germany. And so, if we take into consideration – those are the two primary markets left that we have occurring in. If you take the 5.5% underlying growth that we reported this morning and adjust for these two things over 6% underlying growth.
Jane Morreau: Sure. So if we look at, you’re right. Our cash flow was down I think about -- cash flow from operation is really the driver if you look at, it was down about $130 million from same period last year. And if you think about what drove that I think -- I’d like to break it down into a couple of buckets. The first piece is which you would expect you are going to have a small piece of it this due to this normal seasonality, or in our case working capital increases because we got a growing business and we’re laying down more whiskey for our expected demand as we get out three, four, five, six years from now. So set that aside, the majority of it as you pointed out 80% to 85% of it was due to tax payments. And essentially really all of it is timing, but let me explain the timing to you bit. About 40% of that timing will clear itself out in the current fiscal year and the remaining pieces of one time in nature that relates to some restructuring that we did in our European business. That one time item is really spread over this year where we had payment that we made. Last year when we got a benefit and next year we’ll going to get a small benefit. So those three things together net to the one-time item is really just timing if you will. And so, when we look at the rest of the year, expect our cash flows to grow year-on-year if you will and our forecast would suggest that as our business grow, so nothing unusual as you look at the rest of the year. I hope that helps you.
Jane Morreau: Sure. The $0.05 that I was referring to was actually the first half, two of which happened in the first quarter related to one-time item in our company item. The other $0.03 relates to our net current assets primarily cash in Europe by the way that nominated in euros and exchange to U.S. dollar, so its just revaluation impact on that. And so again we have to use today spot, say, okay, here’s what your exposure is and we’ve got that all captured whereas if you look at your transactional aspect of it at today’s spot rate, you still have downside related to the prior year as a results of the spot rate.
Jane Morreau: Actually I will start with Poland. We actually have seen some recent takeaway trends that are showing some positive improvement on both Finlandia and Jack from takeaway perspective, so they are growing again. So that bodes well for the rest of year plus in that market as well as Germany. Because of the price increases, so there was a large buying in the third quarter and both those markets in advance of price decreases on January 1. And one was excess tax driven, that was Poland. And the second one was a price increase on in the German market on our brands. There was large buying in the market on both those brands in the third quarter, which resulted in of course in Poland the sticker shock there was buy-end in the fourth quarter. So we know we’ll get back in balance in terms of our inventory levels and if we see takeaway trends accelerating, we would expect to see our results to have a benefit not only cycling and against a weak comp or no activity was going on or very little activity was going to where we’re seeing growth now.
Jane Morreau: Yes. So, Germany categories -- growing --which categories itself is going into mid to high single-digit, and Poland Whiskeys back growing in high single-digit.
