Paul C. Varga: Thanks, Don. We are pleased, obviously, with the first half results and the overall health and prospects for the company going forward, and I think this is particularly true when we consider some things that Don mentioned about the uncertainty that exists across the globe. The one thing I would highlight from the first half is the balance of the performance across the company, and I observe this really in the portfolio balance that Don was just discussing, as well as the geographic mix and geographic balance performance that we're seeing, but also in some of the highlights he just provided related to our gross profit delivery. It's such a wonderful combination when you're able to have your volumes up, your prices up and your costs even slightly down a bit. And I thought I might just give you one example on the effects or the way we have been observing our margin from the Jack Daniel's U.S. business, which of course, Jack Daniel's is our most important brand and the U.S. continues to be our most important country. And about a year ago when we were observing the potential opportunity to raise prices, much -- we thought the environment was improving in such a way a year ago versus what we'd seen in the prior 2 or 3 years that we wanted to explore that. At that time, just using the Nielsen results from early November a year ago, the Jack Daniel's business on a 12-month basis was up just above 1%, and all of that was attributable to volume. And you fast-forward to today and using the Nielsen results from -- that I think ended November 10, the Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey business was up 4.2% in the prior 12 months, with 2.5% of that coming from volume and the remainder, of course, coming from pricing and mix, or 1.7 points. So we're really pleased with that as an example from a pretty clean market, where there haven't been a lot of excise taxes and things like that, as an example of what we'd hoped would be available to a brand like Jack Daniel's back when we started to explore that environment. Actually back at that time, we felt like in some ways that others were out exploring it ahead of us, and we thought there'd be opportunity. In fact, as we look at the last 12 months, we think we've been able to see some of it. So really pleased with that kind of pricing and volume balancing act as well. So all in all, we're very pleased with our first half and most importantly, we want to thank our employees across the globe for their continuing efforts to help us produce these results. It's enormously important to the company, and we want to make sure we thank them as well. So with that, we're available to take any questions you might have.
Paul C. Varga: Well, I mean, all we can do is maybe direct you to some of what we're observing in the institutional data because that's the most current stuff. You'll get some end-of-year reports for 12 months, and some people will try to forecast that going ahead. I was actually just -- I mean, we were looking at it in preparation for today, so I'll give you an example. The U.S. spirits business 12 months ago was running at about a 3.7% run rate, and today, this is all dollars not cases, is running at 3.8%. So about the same, just below 4%. The bourbon category in the United States was running at 6.5% 12 months ago and is running at just below 9% right now in dollars so it's -- over the 12 months, it's accelerated. I don't know if that will keep up or not, but it certainly is exciting to have growth rates on a 12-month basis that are more than double the spirits industry. And for those of us who have a concentration in bourbon, I mean, that wasn't the case for a long time in the U.S. distilled spirits market. So we welcome it. I think that there's favorable premiumization going on within bourbon just as there is a little bit in spirits. And we also think there's real price increases that have been getting through not just by our company, I think, but by others as well. So we're pretty bullish about what's going on with bourbon and American whiskey right now.
Paul C. Varga: One thing that influences Southern Comfort's international performance quite a bit is it just doesn't have the breadth of geographic distribution that a brand like Jack Daniel's does obviously. So the U.K. market being -- it's our second largest market for Southern Comfort, with the excise taxes hurting that market, I think Southern Comfort is probably more uniquely exposed to that in terms of -- as a percentage of its business. We have begun to put some of the initiatives and actions that have worked in the United States into play in the U.K. more recently. They just were factually behind in terms on the calendar and relative to the U.S. So we're hopeful that, that will improve it. But we also think that Southern Comfort has to find a number of new ideas, just as we have been able to do in the last 12 months in the United States, everywhere where it competes because it really is in a competitive category with that LDA, that sort of 29-year-old consumer that it targets, and so there's a lot of competition in the United States. And we thought it would be more difficult to get it turned around some ways in that real tough U.S. market, and we are pleased by what we've seen. So I think getting focused on the same stuff in some of its key international markets could have some of the same benefit. But it is behind.
Paul C. Varga: Maybe we'll both take a stab at the couple of questions I think that were in there. In some ways, our rate at the consumer level is just now beginning to improve because, as you've suggested with your question, it takes a while for all that pricing to get reflected. Always, the most readily available data to us is from the United States, unfortunately. But this pricing was going on all over the world. So if you'll permit us, it will probably take us a few more months to really read the consumer's acceptance of it, reaction to it, and then start to get into new patterns. And the other thing too that's so important to this is the context against which some of these price increases were taken. Where they went up with excise taxes, that of course, is a different environment than, say, in the United States, where they were just individual brand increases versus something that affected the whole industry. But just using the U.S. data, I mean, I'd direct you back to the comment I made in my opening remarks about how pleased we are with what we're seeing so far in Jack Daniel's. I'll give you just sort of one example that even goes to sort of the 3- and 1-month trends in the United States more near-term, where that pricing starts to get reflected, is that the Jack Daniel's sales growth rate outside of the 12 months ago was at the 1% level, and it's pretty steady in the 3.5% to 4% level at the dollars in terms of dollars growth on a 12, 3 and 1 month. So you obviously start to see more contribution from pricing as you get toward the nearer months, but the fact that sales rate holds up at the 4% level and that's a higher level than the 1% we had a year ago, I thought was really encouraging. So that's why we chose to highlight that. It always varies brand by brand. We think that the higher you go up the pricing ladder, perhaps the more ability there is to take some price. So if you're talking about $35 and $40 a bottle of tequilas or bourbons, we think there's -- a 2% or 3% price increase is something you can expect to get more readily than something that's priced at $10 a bottle. That's just been our experience. All of the data we look at in the United States today would tell us that the highest growth rates in the industry exist at the premium-plus level, so above even the Jack Daniel's price point. And so all of that we think is encouraging for an improved pricing environment. We're going to -- we're not going to get out of control with it. We don't think that's appropriate. But you've got to remember there was a very cautious pricing posture in the industry and in our company from about '08 to '11. So we're encouraged by what we've seen in the last 12 months. And so far, if one of your questions was, are we rolling back all these price increases we've taken, the answer to that is no.
Paul C. Varga: This -- absolutely, I'm taking your question as a U.S.-only question. Outside the United States, our reference point for Jack Daniel's is probably almost exclusively whiskey and the very premium whiskeys. We'll look at other brands as well that it might interact with, but it's largely a whiskey phenomenon. In the United States, yes, we'll look at it, but mostly up at those premium price points where Jack Daniel's plays. So you're going to look at brands like Absolut and Ketel One and Grey Goose and Cîroc and brands like that and probably a little less so at the pricing dynamics of the Smirnoffs and Svedkas and brands like that. Now that is important for our Finlandia business, but less so for our Jack Daniel's business. But I would say we're not preoccupied with weekly or monthly vodka pricing dynamics as it relates to our price -- pricing and thinking as it relates to Jack Daniel's.
Paul C. Varga: Yes, I mean, and that's because it's Jack Daniel's and it was in what I'd call a new territory for the brand in terms of line extension, which is flavored full-strength products. I think it's why we've been necessarily cautious with not going out and trying to introduce a flavor every quarter or something. We're obviously thrilled with what's happened in the last -- within the last 2 years on Jack Daniel's Tennessee Honey. We knew we could sell Jack Daniel's Tennessee Whiskey prepackaged in a mixable format through our experience with RTDs, but we didn't do that overnight, either. So we took our time with that and wanted to make sure that when we do introduce it in various places around the world, that it can be as successful as we might hope, and we're taking that exact same approach here with the Tennessee Honey. And it's a sort of a staged rollout, and the frame of reference for Tennessee Honey's introduction into a number of these markets is a bit different in the United States. So we're trying to learn in these -- in the first half of this year with these launches what's working and what's not. I mean, I'd say so far with the international launch, things are performing pretty well in line with our expectations, and we're trying to adjust as we go in. One thing that's interesting about these international launches is that there was no surprise to them because we'd already been successful out in the United States market. And so I know that whether it was retail preparation or competitive preparation or reaction, there was -- they would have had the benefit of a year's worth of wait and observing what was going on in the U.S. But so far, so good. But I'd still -- I've said this before. I think if someone was anticipating that Jack Daniel's would start getting into what you observe sometimes in the flavored vodka arena with our flavored whiskeys, I just don't think we're at that level of aggressiveness with the portfolio expansion into flavor right now. We really want to take our time and make sure we build really good branded businesses with these flavors. And we think there's still a lot of opportunity around the world. But so far, so good.
Paul C. Varga: Well, you can go buy whipped cream at the grocery store and put it in there if you like, but you're probably not going to see us [indiscernible].
Paul C. Varga: Well, I mean, you're immediately going to focus on 2 countries there, which are Mexico and the U.S. And I think it will depend a bit on what price segment you're in. We know that both in the United States and down in Mexico at the sort of standard, even approaching the lower end of the premium price segments, those categories remain really competitive. I mean, there's just a lot of entrants in there, some of them at 100% agave, particularly in the United States. And I mean, I was looking at the sort of more recent category trends in the United States in preparation for this, and the tequila business at the dollar level's been a little sluggish relative to total spirits in the last half a year or so. So we'll see how those competitive dynamics, how much of them are related to supply. Usually, the factor we look for is how many new entrants are coming in, I mean, because a lot of times people start to introduce new brands or new extensions. And if those slow down, you might get an indication as to how people are thinking about their own individual supply demand balancing acts. Against that, where we're positioned, particularly in the United States, is up at the higher end. And as Don talked about in his -- I mean, we're pretty small, to be honest with you, as a percentage of total tequila in the United States volumetrically. I mean, that's why we think there's so much potential for us. So off of that small base, I mean, right now particularly on Herradura, we think we've got some real momentum going. It sort of started when we introduced the new bottle and package and started to put a little bit more support behind it. So that's been growing. Last year, we had a very competitive year as one of -- a new entrant came in against el Jimador in the United States. And actually, I think the brand's weathered it pretty well and is this year off to a pretty decent start. We're continuing to do fairly well in the U.S. The Mexico el Jimador business is a real competitive sort of volumetric slugfest. But overall -- and then the other business that's tequila-based, which we've been pleased with generally over the last few years has been the New Mix business down in Mexico, which is an RTD business. So sometimes looking at the category trends when you have a small market share aren't as indicative as what you're doing as individual brands, and I would say that's kind of the case, particularly in the United States, for Brown-Forman's tequila brands.
Paul C. Varga: The latter. I mean, the U.K. was actually unique with its almost sort of single and staged rollout at first in the on-premise, and there were some benefits to that. But also it probably slowed our momentum a bit because you're selling it drink-by-drink versus letting people buy it by the bottle. Down in Australia, it was different. And so there's no -- we're letting the individual marketplaces help inform us as to how to launch it. But since we've expanded in the U.K., since you brought it up, there's been great excitement about the reception we're getting there. We're really encouraged by the U.K. reception. And you would be aware of how strong the Jack Daniel's brand is so you move cautiously. And sometimes, one of the reasons to go into the on-premise, for example, is to be a bit conservative and make sure that the bar tending tray and the consumers who experience there actually like the product, and then you can go a little more broad. And that wasn't necessarily why we chose it that way. But in retrospect, it helps us to learn a little bit as is always the case when you go to the on-premise first. And then you can reflect some of what you're understanding from that channel and take it to the broader market. But the U.K. market we're pretty excited about for Tennessee Honey at this stage.
Paul C. Varga: Yes, I think it's the largest market. There's a lot of smaller markets sometimes where you think you've got a lot of long-term opportunity and you find a way to change your model. But yes, I think France of the countries there, they'd probably be the biggest.
Paul C. Varga: The thing we would have -- this is what we did a year ago was if you were to give us that hypothetical, given that there was a constant level of expected sales, I'd say -- I'll use your 4%. The one thing that occurred to us a year ago was that we think we benefit very long term and so do our brands if it's not all coming from volume. That was one of the most important, I think, subtle changes we made in the last year was to ensure that we were getting, particularly if the environments permit it, which we thought they were getting better, was to get a little bit of pricing in there, and that's why we're highlighting it here today and why we went after it. We just think there's a multitude of benefits from sales growth coming in a balanced way. And so you want the volume growth, of course, too. You need both of them. But we have had a 36-month period, where it was either dominantly or almost exclusively being driven by volume. And we just felt like we could do a better job at that.
Paul C. Varga: Tim, you'll excuse me, you've put an image in my head. I may not be able to answer your question. Let me just -- I'll give you a little background on it. Actually, the reaction we are getting has been wonderful, actually. I mean, it's just -- it's really been surprising because you see the advertising. And it's not just from LDA to 29. I mean, you're getting -- there's almost a mindset and a way that people approach communications that it can't be polarizing. Of course, it can be. But it's largely been well received. And you can almost look at our Nielsen result and start to see on the parent brand Southern Comfort improvement from the time when we started to run that particular advertising execution. Now there's a lot of other factors that contribute to it as well, but you try to point everything in a particular direction. But it was -- that one we think has had a pretty immediate impact. It's not always that way. And we actually -- given the world we're in today with social media, we actually think there's tremendous benefit from the social commentary just along the lines of what you just did. The people are discussing the communications in social media. Whether they load the ad or not is something that Southern Comfort had not been a part of. It had not been part of consumer communication with one another. And the social media piece is really important to executions like that. And it actually -- I don't know if you know the history, but it was actually launched with a 90-second like almost a small film, something you wouldn't do on a network television ad. But it was a 90-second video that got the thing started a few weeks before we did the network media event. So it was, I think, a really good launch by the team and so far so good.
Paul C. Varga: I mean, one thing we've learned going all the way back sort of to '08 and anywhere where the global -- where you observe the economy of a country or the globe or a region softening, that there is a tendency for patterns of consumption to shift from the higher-priced on-premise environment to the lower-priced off-premise environment. And so that's something, I mean, we haven't studied those correlations here of late, but I mean that's just a -- that was a general learning we had. We'd have to see if it's continuing to hold up in these more recent times. Travel retail has been a really helpful part of Brown-Forman's growth story here in the last few years. We know that we were pretty significantly underdeveloped in that channel going back a half a dozen years or so. So it's been drilling very nicely for us, not only Jack Daniel's I mean, beyond Jack Daniel's as well. We think our super-premium brands continue to have a great opportunity there. So mentioning sort of the Woodfords and the Herraduras and Chambords of the world. I think those are helpful to think about that channel as being particularly conducive to super-premium brand building. I haven't looked at any of the published statistics of late related to how travel retail's doing as an industry. I'd have to look at that before I could give you a better answer.
Paul C. Varga: Yes, I'm sure it's a mixture, but I'd be best off to ask some of our retail sales people in the United States to get a better answer. I mean, just off the top of my head, the thing that I would anticipate to continue to occur is a shift generally from lower-priced spirits, whether they're bourbons or vodkas or anything, toward higher-priced because of the just significant growth that's going on at the premium-plus. So there may be a trend that's as much related to the price position as it is the category. And if that's the case, then you'd look at -- excuse me, the categories that have more premium development, like the bourbons and tequilas and categories like that, that actually are up at $30 and $35 and $40 a bottle. And it's just in the -- I mean, the best interest of the retailer if they can move their products from that space at a higher margin relative to something at a lower margin. I think they're going to just generally probably displace lower-margin products with higher-margin products is what I'm guessing.
Paul C. Varga: I don't think so. I mean, we've actually -- I'd have to go look at it statistically through a survey. But because we've been expanding the Southern Comfort line through flavor extension, and we've actually repackaged the various aspects of, I mean, like our Southern Comfort 100 Proof and other things along the way, those are helpful tools to being able to keep your shelf presence and even expand it. Brands that aren't innovating and brands that don't -- aren't having size expansion and things like that are probably going to be a little susceptible to those that are if retailers are prone to wanting to give some of those innovative products a chance.
Paul C. Varga: Well, I mean, I think the biggest thing we did was a couple of years ago, we, after a number of different distribution ventures down there, made the leap to put our own personnel in-country to take more responsibility for our own local brand-building and selling. And that was probably the biggest thing, and it came with some investment a couple of years ago. The primary focus down there for us is at the more premium level because it's behind Jack Daniel's. And I think we may have commented on this before, but it's an excellent whiskey market, where we know that some of our competition in whiskey -- global whiskey -- have very sizable businesses, so we think there's real opportunity there. And at the sales line so far, thinking about the size of our business just 2 years ago versus today, we've been pretty happy with the progress. So I think the biggest thing we would have done there -- and when you put people down there, of course, you put more resources behind them, and so there's been probably a combination of an SG&A and A&P incremental effort down in the Brazil market that so far is doing a nice job on the top line. I wouldn't say that we went into expecting that within 2 years it would be a bonanza at the bottom line. You try to develop these and re-invest behind the business with the hopes that you can build something pretty significant over a period of time.
Paul C. Varga: It's already showing it, yes. It's a pretty small base, of course, and we talked about this a couple of times but yes, there's some nascent interest. And because it tends to be up at the premium level, that's one of the limiting factors where we play is up at the more premium level. But yes, we're pretty excited by it. It's been one of the surprises if I go back to the acquisition of Herradura a bit, that el Jimador and Herradura, we would hope that there'd have been some potential out there for it, and I think our experience so far is there might be a little bit more than we originally thought.
Donald C. Berg: Sure. I mean in the U.S., and we've talked about this, I think, quite a bit, going back a number of months ago, where we were really looking at a lot of new communications to put out there, how much we were spending behind media, how we were spending it in terms of seasonality. So there's been quite a few changes there with the recent advertising campaign that we think's had a big impact, how we're using social media around that advertising campaign. And it's nice to see that the brand is responding to all of that. Outside the U.S., as we look at our numbers, we think we had a better second quarter than first quarter. We recognize we still have a long way to go. Some of it too is just kind of running up against the environment that you're seeing, particularly in Western Europe. We're probably a little bit behind the United States in terms of where we are in putting some of these plans in place and starting to get them executed. But we're encouraged by what we've seen in the U.S. to believe that we can get the rest of the world on track so that we can get the brand overall back on growth.
Donald C. Berg: I mean, it's certainly incorporated in the guidance that we put out there. I think when you think about commodities, I mean, the biggest commodity that we look at would be corn. And from that standpoint, it's probably gotten a little bit better than where it was as we were looking at the full year in the first quarter. So we've seen some slight improvement there. But when you think about commodity costs as it relates to our business overall, generally when you think about, if you take Jack Daniel's for example, and the cost of what goes into making Jack Daniel's, it's actually the cost of glass and the cost of wood that probably drives more of our cap cost factors than what you would see in kind of the corn costs that go in. So it's a -- particularly when you look at the impact of the overall company's operating income, it's relatively small.
Donald C. Berg: No, we haven't, and we're continuing to look at it though. I think that contract comes up, I think it's next September, and so we've got some time there. But we're having some conversations with Bacardi, and we're proceeding through our analysis.
Donald C. Berg: As far as any hypotheticals go, I think the best that we can tell you is as we've laid our plans out for the future, we've got the whiskey that we need available to us in order to make those plans come to fruition. And as in any time that you've got aged product that's sitting in warehouses, trying to find that whole balance between volume and price always becomes an important factor. And as we weigh all these factors together at this stage, we feel very comfortable about where we are.
Donald C. Berg: Yes, I mean, the best data that we have on that is really coming through the NABCA stage. And if you look at those trends, particularly over the course of the last 6 months, the on-premise has continued to improve and is certainly back in growth mode. We don't see it yet as growing at a faster rate than the off-premise, but it's certainly a much healthier climate environment today than what we would have seen in the worst of the downturn. So that's all very helpful and very encouraging. Outside the U.S., U.K. continues to struggle quite a bit. But a lot of that is I think more environmental and economically driven than anything else. It tends to be, probably in terms of size, one of our -- if not the most important market outside the U.S. that's heavily skewed kind of towards that -- towards the on-premise trade.
Donald C. Berg: Yes, so the current plan is that we would fund it with a combination of cash and debt. We've got an $800 million revolver that's available to us, and then we'll look at what other opportunities there might be out there within the overall debt market. So we'll be able to talk more about that on the next quarter because we are continuing to look at it. But generally, it's going to be between cash and debt. How long we go out and how we keep it, we're still looking at all of that.
