Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean the D&I efforts that have been going on at Brown-Forman classily for a decade or longer, really, I think, have served us very well over the last year and obviously been a very, very difficult year on that front. But the fact that we were -- I personally feel we were better prepared than many, many others and has helped us. And so looking ahead, something Campbell is very involved in, in the community, I think he referenced that a little bit. And Louisville has been a flash point for many of the challenges that are happening, not only here but across the U.S. So yes, I mean, I think they will remain very important to us. We're certainly not backing down or backing away from any of those efforts. It takes up a lot of time on our management team. We're really trying to do it the right way. And we keep saying, be better, do better. And we'll continue on that front. 
Lawson Whiting: Yes, Bryan, let me take a -- I'll take a stab at it. If you back up pre-COVID times, the U.S. business was growing sort of around TDS, and we -- that's been a goal for us for a long time, and that's sort of in that 4%, 5% range. Developed international, maybe 1 point or 2 higher than that. And then our emerging markets, which, like everyone has said, been more volatile, but had been several points above that in the prior few years.  Come fiscal '21, as we said, with the U.S. business has picked up. The market is we -- essentially, we did a bit of a study on which markets -- you can see which markets are growing really nicely this year. And you've had your Australias and Germanys and even the U.S. and some of these really big markets that have done really, really well, influenced somewhat by what Jane said in her earlier comments. The stimulus -- the markets that had fiscal stimulus from their governments have done remarkably well, and it's been a big benefit to that. And those that didn't, so Southeast Asia and the Indias and Africas. And generally, a lot of the emerging markets didn't, and they fell off quite a bit.  Now looking into the future a little bit, does the algorithm change a little bit? I think our portfolio is well positioned, and I think it's important that, say, the Woodfords of the world and Herraduras of the word, brands like that, that are in very hot categories, have just simply gotten bigger. And so that will have a more impactful impact on our results going forward. So that helps a little bit, I do think.  And then the RTD business has been on fire now. It's not going to stay at the rates that it is right now. Country Cocktails has doubled. So that's going to slow down a little bit. But I think it will be picked up by the emerging markets, which we expect, I mean, the comps in the next couple -- at least in the next year, are going to be easy. So we expect some better growth out of there. So I do think there'll be a bit of a reversion to the mean. But longer term, I think we've got our portfolio well positioned to do maybe 1 point or 2 better than we've done historically. We'll see. 
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean you mentioned I'd like to talk about tariffs, but I hate talking about tariff like -- because they have become such a big problem for us. But look, I mean, I think we're encouraged over the last few months of some of the conversations that have happened, particularly some comments coming out of the European trade people. And we need to get the U.S. trade representative in her seat, which I think is expected to happen sometime in the next few weeks to really get meaningful conversations happening again. But it does feel like there's a little bit of break in the ice between the 2 sides. And we are working as hard as we can to try to affect that and to make them go away.  Now in terms of what happens when they actually go away, we really have not made that decision yet. And we'll see. I mean I think you would -- as you probably expect to be kind of a typical Brown-Forman thing, we will be reinvesting a pretty nice chunk of that back into the business. But some of it would fall to the bottom line, too. But as I say, we haven't put a specific number out there yet. And I think that's a bit of TBD. 
Lawson Whiting: Let me take a stab at the beginning, and then I think Jane's got some thoughts, too. But let me step back for a second, explain our tequila business relative to some of our competitors. The first big thing, especially if you're looking at our earnings release, and you're looking at the revenue number in the exhibit, and it's pretty underwhelming. A lot of that is because we have a very big business in Mexico itself. The competitive brands that you're looking at for the most part, do not. They don't even exist in Mexico. So we have been dragged down. I mean our global number has been dragged down by the Mexican market, where, as I say, we're large, not only in the tequilas, but even Jack Daniel's has a pretty substantial business down there, and it's been very weak. It's one of the emerging markets that has struggled.  So -- but our U.S. business, turning to that for a second. I mean Herradura is our ultra-premium brand that competes with the large competitors who had admittedly fantastic results and what we have seen, too. Two things on that. Herradura, one, has a very heavy on-premise presence. Somewhere 40-plus-percent of its business is in the on-premise, and that has been tough, which would also be a drag on the overall number. But our Nielsen numbers, I just saw recently, the ones that came out, I think, over the last few days, we're growing at plus 64% in Nielsen. So that's -- while that would lag some of the bigger competitors, not by a lot. So I feel really good about Herradura and its positioning. It's got a long runway to go. It's still not -- I mean it doesn't even have distribution in large chunks of the United States. And so we will continue to invest behind that, and we will continue to push pretty hard. I think that is one of the brands that we really see as sort of one of the gems of the future. 
Lawson Whiting: Yes, the rate of sales growth. Yes. Another thing, within the mix of spend, I think is interesting, too, because there have been some massive swings there. And I'll back up for a second, go back like 2 or 3 years, probably 2 years ago. Well before COVID even came around, we were making changes to our resource allocation models to significantly up weight media and just general consumer touch spends and downplay some of the events, places that were lower touch, even on-premise, things like that. And so that had begun -- that mix of spend change had begun before COVID hit. Then it hits everyone, including Brown-Forman. The entire industry drops their on-premise spend, drops their event spending, drops lots of that kind of stuff and starts going back at media again.  So in a way, it has accelerated our path to get there. But in another way, which I hadn't processed, if I'm honest, until a few months ago because we were looking at share of voice and share of different ways of spending, and basically, everybody is doing that. And so the media spend has increased significantly in our industry, but it's still the right thing to do. And I think longer term, we like the rebalance of how we're spending the money. And I think that will -- we're going to hold on to that for the -- at least the medium to longer-term future. 
Lawson Whiting: Yes. And the RTD question, I mean, I think obviously, it has been much covered. The business has exploded in the United States over the last year and in a number of other countries, too. It's always been a consumer recruitment vehicle, and that's the way we thought about it, I would say, even for a couple of decades as we built that brand and sort of the can in the hand and all that. It has now grown into much more than that and to be certainly a profit driver. The Country Cocktails partnership, we call it that, with Pabst now, we do expect to continue to keep that growth rate going for lots of reasons. The most obvious one being they have touch points in many channels, including convenience that we just weren't getting with the spirit wholesalers for the most part. And so the number of distribution points will go up substantially. And so we think we can keep that run going. But the RTD business is much more -- much, much larger outside of the U.S. than it is inside the U.S., it's like 3.5x the size in the international markets than it is in the U.S. And that, that's a lot of Germany. For instance, Germany business is well over 1 million cases now and very, very profitable and doing very, very well. Australia has been the largest RTD market in the world -- well, one of the largest in the world for quite some time, and that business is really strong. So yes, I think that's here to stay. I do think it's been boosted by COVID. I mean -- but the macro trends of convenience and flavor fit very well into the RTD business. And so this is something that's here to stay, and we'll just have to -- it's hard to see what the growth rates are going to be when you get beyond COVID, but we certainly expect them to still be strong.  And you asked a question about margin? Yes. 
Lawson Whiting: You want me to take the -- so the other developed markets that you were referring to, I think you said Japan and Canada. And yes, they -- well, I don't know about Japan specifically, but I mean, a lot of the other developed markets have been weaker. Those are what we call partner markets. But they tend to be -- there's lots of them, and they're relatively small. And a lot of those, as you move sort of east in Europe would capture a lot of those markets. And that business has been relatively weak. As I mentioned, those are the markets that don't have the big fiscal stimulus, and they have been more challenging. And so yes, I mean, without getting into any specific markets, I mean, there's literally probably more than 10, less than 20 in there that make up those numbers. So I mean it's a whole bunch of them. 
Lawson Whiting: No, I didn't -- the innovation question. Can you say that again? I missed what the question was, I guess. 
Lawson Whiting: Yes. I mean look, it is very true. Innovation is -- I mean that's across all CPG, I think just becoming increasingly important now. With respect to RTDs and the reference a little bit to seltzer there. The RTD category, for as long as we've been in it, has been heavily reliant on innovation. Australia would be the best example of that. And every year, they come up with something new, and different pack sizes, and proofs, flavors and mix, all the rest of it. And so we've been doing that for quite a long time, and that will continue. So the RTD space in terms of do we have the know-how, do we have the supply chain, do we have the abilities to sort of forecast where the consumer is going in that space, I would rate us high on that.  As far as you referenced Fire and Apple and Honey, that pace is not changing. I mean we've been -- we've done 3 in 10 years and really just obviously started Apple a year ago or a little more. So that pace will not change. So I would not expect us to do another big Jack Daniel's flavor in the near future, at least. We want to be very measured on that. They're big campaigns, they're big launches. They take a couple of years to execute. And so I don't expect that -- I would not expect that the pace on that will be any different than it's been. 
Jane Morreau: Yes. I might just add one point to what Lawson said. I think the Board believes in it so much. And I think that's one of the things you were getting to as well, that part of -- you'll see this in this year's proxy, that part of the executive leadership's bonus will be tied to D&I and the progress we make in that space, which, of course, is a component of ESG. So I think that's an important signal from our Board to that importance in terms of our incentive pay here at the top of the company, which will, of course, make its way down throughout the organization and it is making is way down through the organization as time goes on. 
Jane Morreau: Sure. Yes. Again, just a reminder, when we were on our second quarter call, we said, and I want to reiterate it, that where we were in our second quarter, the margins which were at 59%, we said that's the bottom. From here on, it's going up from there. And I think you saw some improvement in our third quarter, we were down 150 basis points from last year, so you did see some improvement.  As it relates to your specificity of the question, yes, we do have a number of initiatives underway, as I alluded to, that will improve our margins over the next few years. But as it relates to agave alone, we've been pretty consistent on this response as we look at the CRT plantings back in '15 and '16, we can see the acceleration in plantings that occurred that will then become available in the back half of next year. Maybe a little bit earlier next year, being our fiscal 2022. So later this calendar year. I think it may actually happen a little earlier because we've seen some stability in the agave prices.  But more importantly, one thing we've not talked about before as it relates to agave, and while we're confident that we'll start seeing benefits in our F '22 beyond the market price, is that a few years ago, we changed our strategy of how much we were going to cultivate ourselves, how much we were going to own, how much we were going to be exposed to on the market. And so we have, starting next year, a higher mix of our business that we'll be cultivating from the agave plants coming through our own business, which is much less than what you could buy in the market. And so we'll start seeing that benefit next year. We believe we'll continue to see benefits from the exposure both to the external market and to our own internal mix of our products next year, following a year and a little bit more the following year after that. I hope that answers your question. 
Jane Morreau: Yes. I don't think we mentioned that, but it's going to be somewhere in the $70 million type of range for this year. 
Jane Morreau: Yes. Just a quick response on the agave. We've increased our prices really significant on all 3 of our brands in the U.S., Pepe Lopez, which is our value price brand, but the 2 main brands that are -- that came from our acquisition back in 2007, Herradura and el Jimador were up double digits on pricing. And we did that earlier this year. And so that's already in our numbers. And I think that it was, actually, according to one of the Nielsen reports I read recently, we were at the top of the list in terms of pricing there.  As it relates to tariff, I'm going to turn it over to Lawson to answer that question. 
Jane Morreau: Just building on what Lawson said and supporting what he said. Our Mexico business is a fairly sizable business. And unfortunately, this year is tough. We've seen a lot of trading down in that market, particularly on the Herradura brand, the ultra brand that was moving so fast and growing so rapidly before now. And then shifted so much that if you were to split our numbers a part that you saw on the table, the Mexico business is down 30-ish percent on a strip net sales basis. If you look at our U.S. business, it's up almost 20% on a strip net sales basis. So that's why you're also seeing, as Lawson said, the underwhelming numbers. And it's gotten such that now our U.S. business is going to -- is surpassing the size of the Mexico business, which will bode well for the future as you get this type of growth and we see these growth coming on. Herradura itself, as Lawson gave you throughout the numbers from the latest Nielsen, relative to the price point that Herradura plays in, it is gaining share. That price point category is going around 40-ish percent, so it is. Where you see the real acceleration in the tequila growth is above that price point, more the ultra price point. And so we're going to be playing some things there, too. We've got a wonderful brand that we've launched recently from Herradura, it's called Herradura Legend, it's very ultra, ultra-premium. But we think it's got lots of legs. And people are, again, indulging in these everyday luxuries. And Ultra is a product that we introduced in Mexico a few years ago, fairly introduced it in the U.S. And again, these are higher price points. That's where you see the real accelerated growth. And we've got a new campaign that we're launching in April. And we're really excited about that from Energy BBDO. So there are some things that we're looking at as we go ahead to continue to accelerate it. But both of our brands are doing well in the U.S. in the price points they play in. 
Jane Morreau: Bonnie, let me start off. I'm sure Lawson is going to build in here as well. But just the -- we knew this year was going to be a crazy-looking year on phasing. And just to remind you, it actually started last year in the fourth quarter, in the last 6 weeks of the fiscal year. So when COVID hit in the middle of March through all of April, when we cut -- shutdown -- on-premise were shut down and then sponsorships, all those things went away. We knew early on, we saw our first quarter was an unusual quarter. We really didn't start spending until the second quarter, and that was purposeful, not only because of the consumer and its readiness to hear what we were saying, but also because we had a new agency partner, Energy BBDO, in which we launched our Make It Count campaign toward the end of October.  So what you're seeing in the third quarter, we had -- we've been talking about all year long. So some of this is situational and circumstantial relative to what was going on in COVID, some of it is because we planned it this way. But as you look to the balance of the year, I think I said this in our remarks, we look to the fourth quarter, we're going to continue to see an acceleration in the rate of growth. So our year-over-year rate of growth, because of the decline last year, plus just the way we spent this year, is going to be up even more on a percentage basis than it was in the third quarter.  If you're thinking ahead to how you would -- how you should expect us to spend, it's going to be choppy next year because you're going to get the flip of that, but let's just talk big picture. If I'm thinking about that, our aspirations have been -- always come in every year like that, but to grow somewhere in line with our rate of growth. I don't know if you have... 
Jane Morreau: Just to build further on what Lawson said, too. It's not just your traditional media. If we look at what we've spent this year, we spent a lot more in digital. We're up 100% year-to-date in digital media spend. And that is cognizant of where the consumer is and whether they're watching, whatever they're getting our -- or mobile device they have in their hand and how they are getting information. So I don't think that you'll see a lot of change in that. We've got to meet the consumer where they are, going forward. 
Jane Morreau: Yes. That's -- agave is a great one of our examples of where we changed our sourcing strategy on that. So that absolutely will benefit us. Another example of an initiative we've undertaken is really looking at our -- how we source. How many vendors you need to source your gift or your POS or things like that. So more strategic sourcing and getting synergies there. So there's some low-hanging fruit in that area. We're always looking at and as part of our global production's mindset, but we're always looking at how to improve our operations. And so there's a handful of initiatives there. I didn't quantify those. We haven't quantified it, but I can tell you that we -- again, just supporting where we said that, that 59%, half 59% in our second quarter was the bottom. You're going to expect to see nice improvements over the coming, say, 2 to 3 years. I would set aside tariffs and that would just add to this benefit. But you could see a couple of hundred, 300 basis points over that period of time through 2025 I think. 
Jane Morreau: Yes. So we have started to see, and we are taking a reduction, I guess, if you will, in the cost of acquiring wood so you're going to start to see, we are -- effective in our first -- or January 1 this year, there's the cost of wood for us is going down. That will not make its way through our P&L. I think I've talked about this previously because of our long aging process that we had. So think about our Jack Daniel's products, our Old Forester product, Woodford Reserve, 3 -- 4, 5 years, depending on what it is down the road before you actually see those lower costs coming through.  You'll start to probably start seeing some mix differences coming through on our balance sheet. Hopefully, as the year come on, where you'll start to see that cost offsetting some of the volumetric trends, which if you look at our balance sheet over the last several years, you'll have seen barrel whiskey go up quite a bit, but that's been a combination of this cost, this wood cost, that's coming through our P&L now that we've been talking about last year and this year. So you really aren't going to start seeing that savings, I wouldn't say until after 2025, probably 2026, 2027. 
Jane Morreau: Yes. I mean the margin for us this year has been very immaterial, I would say, a couple tenths of a point as it relates to the RTD business. Some of that was outsized in the first quarter because of our New Mix business, which benefited from the beer shutdowns. And I think we said this on the first quarter call and second quarter call too as well that we are fine with that right now, a tenth or 2, particularly in this environment, we want to be where the consumer is. We also noted, it's something we've talked about many, many times in the past and fretted over, but if you actually put this on a drink equivalent basis, it's actually more -- a better margin than our full strength. And so there's different ways to look at it. So right now, it's all about meeting the consumer needs, the convenience, providing them with great-tasting cocktail. I think the opportunity exists going forward, but I don't see it as a big margin drag. It hasn't been year-to-date really either. 
Jane Morreau: Yes. I would say we actually are seeing growth in the 2 he noted, both Japan and Canada. I think it's being pulled down, as you and I know, by places that are heavily on-premise, like Spain. 
Jane Morreau: Italy, so high tourism places, Czechia, some of those type of markets. And so that's what we're talking about. We do expect the easing next year. That's why we're more optimistic about those markets when we look ahead. They're going to come back, and they're going to be going against nothing. So they're going to be very positive for us as we look ahead. So that's on your rest of developed question. 
