Jane Morreau: Sure.You're exactly right, we did see some slowdown in our third quarter.Now as we've been communicating all year about our travel retail businesses started off quite strong in our first quarter, over 20% as I recall, and it has been steadily coming down, and that just simply represents some noise in the business -- what I would say noise is buying patterns with a handful of customers and some actions actually we've taken related to our customer that are disrupting the results.And as expected,that noise [ph] might continue to bit more into Q4 but pulling back out of all the noise that's happened in this year, the business remains fundamentally healthy, our travel trends continue, the business is strong there for us, we've got very solid growing business with our WoodfordReserve andHerradura business, nice innovation going in with Jack Daniel's Bottled-in-Bond,Ryeand our Single Malts. So fundamentally, what I think you're seeing in this year's number is nothing but some different timing of buying patterns and so forth that I think will continue for the balance of the year but not to be over-read, I think our business and travel retail remain solid probably in the mid-single digit type growth area.
Jane Morreau: Well, if you -- we expect about 1% impact for our year, as it relates to that now, if tariffs stay in place forever, let's hope not but if they stay in place next year we've taken the vast majority of the impact to our sales line this year already, so meaning that when you start cycling against next year you're not going to see as large of an impact on the sales line.
Jane Morreau: Judy, I thought I might just build-on a little bit to what Lawson was referring to; it's your question on the competitive set. We clearly think of AMP and SG&A together, think about some of the things we've done as it relates to throughout the consumers that clearly showup in SG&A, we think that's building over our portfolio, think about the emerging brand group that we invested in this year, of course that's building speed on the street, that are building our brands on-premise by on-premise location.And so we look many times at the two combined if you will, the new Old Forester homeplace and distillery is an example which show up in our SG&A,not in our AMP spend.And so there is probably differences there too when you compare ourselves with the competitors, and so we just want to look at it holistically when we think about how we invest behind our business.
Jane Morreau: Okay, sure. Let me see if I can take this.You're right, there was a bit more flex in the quarter as a related to SG&A, let me just take a minute to talk about that. Our reported results were impacted by favorable foreign exchange but even stripping that away our SG&A expenses were down a couple of percentage points in the quarter. There was a piece of it that was one-time in nature, they won't be repeating itself again,if that related to a change in our benefits for segment of our employees, thepopulation based.But the other piece of it is equally important,it is something that we customarily do at this time of the year,once we understand our performance through the O&D period is we adjust our performance-based compensation and that occurs in the next quarter, that happens every quarter, every third quarter thereabouts would go up or down with that So those are the 2 main things as it relates to the quarter. But it relates to the ongoing ability to look at SG&A again,we've shared a slide this morning that shows the number of years that we've been leveraging SG&A. I think there isn'twhat we have been doing as part of the DNA hear is now, almost look at the productivity initiative to ask ourselves are we spending --are these dollars being spent in the right places, we're leveraging technology,we'll continue to do that. So I think there are more opportunities to see leverage through SG&Aas we look ahead.
Jane Morreau: [Indiscernible] you're exactly right. They galvanized prices from what we can sell from the information that we have available too as the [indiscernible] prices will remain under pressure probably through the next 18 months, even 2 years as we look out there.And so they will continue to have pressure on our margins, next year, what we've seen in the market like Mexico, it's the pricing environment fairly robust, most competitors have taken pricing with have not seen that, so much in the U.S. at the premium super-premium and ultra-premium levels we have seen at below that level but there is going to be continued increase just because Gapri [ph] is doing so well, it's on fire in the U.S., a student well in Mexico too; so supply demand just what was planned several years ago is not -- it'sgoing to have upper pricing pressures that we would expect over the next couple years that will impact our margins.
Jane Morreau: Yes, I think you've answered a lot of the question yourself, that was a great recap.As we said, we are growing over 5% through our results year-to-date and this is against last year's tough half of over 7% growth.So,then we talked about how we're adjusting for tariffs or growth really more in the 6% range.Now I think maybe it's helpful to look at a two-yearstack; if you look at our two-year stack with our effort adjustingor tariffs and so forth, we've been clearly on a two-year stock basis in the 12% range. So implying that we -- as we look ahead, we're expecting a strong quarter as you said, high single-digits, we feel good about that when we see the momentum in the business that has happened in the U.S.,you pointed that out, you saw recent takeaway trends to support that, our emerging markets business remains very strong, we can expect that to continue in our fourth quarter. We know we have some timing related items that are going to help us in this year's fourth quarter as well. And so when I look at the what we're expecting, you're exactly right, we are expecting a half single-digit growth in Q4, it still putsus squarely in our range of 6% to 7% what I say would be at the high end of 7%, probably not but we're squarely within that range including with or without tariffs.
Jane Morreau: Yes.So let me take it back again, the $125 million is an annualized number, we only have about $70 million, $75 million of that happenin this year. Roughly, little more than two-thirds is hitting the cost of sales line this year, one-third hitting ourselves on this year.But it's all hitting about gross profit and the split I just mentioned, one-third, two-third, roughly.
Jane Morreau: It will moderate, we still have a little bit more coming through because we think roughly 7 months we protected ourselves, largely this year because of some of the mitigation we did, recall that we talked about earlier we shipped in,or rebuilt inventories in advance of tariffs, so that protected us to roughly September-October time period.So until you anniversary that,we'll still have some impact in Q2.
Jane Morreau: Yes. The F19 numbers that we discussed to you with their -- when I had talked back in June in terms of the margin impact because of those that has not changed. We're in their early findingstages of our F-20 process, so we'll be able to share more color with you in June as it relates the cost.Clearly the cost of agave continues to increase though, by that much.
Jane Morreau: So I think we'll continue to do some of the surgical approach that Lawson was mentioning, we're continuing to balance -- be very balanced in where we are taking it, we're looking for as many opportunities as we can. Still hoping that this situation will resolve itself but as he mentioned,it is -- we are in a unique position as the export of American whiskey when we're competing against other players that don't have the same issues.So we want to continue to make it affordable to our consumers as well balancing the margins that we'll stand and how long we think this might last.We're in the early stages of our planning process for next year, so we'll talkin more detail in June to you about pricing as it relates to that for next year.
Jane Morreau: And think about some of the brands we're also selling at the higher end, so I think what Lawson was referring to; if you were thinking of we were only a one-trick pony,Jack Daniel's,and we're not anymore.We've got WoodfordReserve and that's much higher priced than Jack,we're lookingto expand that around the world, and so it's margins will be more.We've got the Jack -- the Herradurawhich is also higher than the Jack,and which is growing quite nicely in the U.S. and really in Mexico and started to gain footing around the world, and we've acquired the Scotch brand which are very, very, very nice margins and we've got high hopes for this.So if you think about the mix of our portfolio too, that's going to help our business quite a bit too.So, if everything stayed the same if it was 20 years ago in Lawson's conversation that might have it but it's not asI look ahead given the mix of our business.
Lawson Whiting: Judy, let me take a stab at it. I mean, I think if you step back over, I think we've looked at the 5-year -- our AMP numbers in our underlying net sales are about the same; and that's a pattern we expect to continue for the foreseeable future; I mean that's something we're pretty comfortable with.And as I -- and Jane has referred to it, some of that is being funded as we continue to hold SG&A much tighter so that we can reallocate some of the -- what would have been the SG&A cost into more consumer facing programs.So, now year-to-date, underlying is up 3%, we said we'd be roughly in-line with sales for the full year which would mean the fourth quarter is going to be healthy. But, we -- as far as relative to the competitive certain things I've got, I mean that's obviously has been a factor for a long, long time.A lot of that's driven by the efficiency; I mean, I think you know there is the efficiency of the Jack Daniel's brand itself.So when you've got one that is such a big percentage of a company, and it's such a big brand in and of itself, you get efficiencies from that. And so we still feel pretty comfortable that that's a sustainable business model where we -- sales, that we get enough leverage.Now put tariffs aside in that conversation;you know, that we can get some leverage out of SG&A and continue to grow our operating income at a rate higher than sales.But obviously in the middle of this stubbed [ph] period we're in here with tariffs, that's not going to happen.
Lawson Whiting: I'll take it, at least I'll start it. First of all, as far as industry supply numbers; I actually -- I think we would look at the big Kentucky bourbon producers as pretty significant increases in supply. I'm actually much less worried about the other 49 states or 48 states and those craft suppliers because in aggregate it's really not all that significant.Although I must say, recent -- the most recent volume numbers that you would see in Nielsen for the bourbon market, sort of in that 8% to 9% range; so that's -- obviously that's U.S.
Lawson Whiting: So we feel pretty strong -- I mean, that kind of numbers are awfully strong and shouldn't be outstripping supply. So the situation seems to be in pretty good shape I think.We're looking at it obviously too, I do think another part of it is, we along with some of the other larger competitors have a very obviously large global distribution network that many -- particularly, the craft players obviously don't have but many other smaller bourbon producers, here even in Kentucky don't have.So we do have that advantage too that we can continue to grow and when we've talked about leadership in American whiskey, we're going to continue to grow and expand our bourbon and our Tennessee Whiskey franchise outside of the U.S.
Lawson Whiting: I'll add another point on there too.The -- I mean, mean the pricing environment in the United States has actually improved a bit also over this fiscal year. I mean 12 months ago you were seeing price declines it -- let's just talk TDS for a second off a point, 100 basis points, 150 basis points down and that's essentially flat now.So there has been a nice improvement in the pricing environment. As we've said last call too, the promotional activities around form is going to be weighted to the back half of the year, so that's helping accelerate our business right now.We also talked about in Q2 the materially increase in media [Technical Difficulty] or at least American whiskey in many of those countries.
Lawson Whiting: Look, I mean your comment that our innovation is not as robust as our competitive said;I'm surprised to hear that because I don't normally think about it quite that way but I guess it's certainly true that we haven't rolled out a large Jack Daniel's one in a number of years, that's largely because the current line extensions that we have, primarily Honey and including Fire too continue to grow.So we feel pretty good that those have -- they are very large brands now and driving some very nice profitable growth.The borderline extensions in the bourbon brands that we have primarily but it would also include some Tequila too are very strong and meaningful, actually.So Woodford has got a bunch, Old Forester has a bunch and even Herradura with it's ultra line extension has been very, very successful. So we feel pretty good about that, I mean I guess that's -- your comment about should the Slaneand GlenDronach and those small brands cause you to pause, I think that -- is that what you're trying to imply that we had -- I think it's fair to say we had a lot -- those brands got off to a slower start immediately after we bought them, and so we did put a lot of focus and attention to say look we you know we want to get these things going and so we may have hit the pause button on some of our smaller brands so that we didn't get too much clutter in the innovation pipeline but now those brands are growing really nicely. And so you'll gradually see Brown-Forman turn up the innovation dial again, and continue to make that an important part going forward. Our [indiscernible] in the U.S. rejecting those country cocktails play squarely in the middle of that it as it has been a dramatic turnaround in that business over the last few years and how successful it has been; and so that is our large play right now. In that business, we continue to look at other potential things to do in that RTD world in the United States, obviously it's a huge business for us in many countries around the world, both on New Mix and on Jack Daniel's in core, and the different variants there. I think as you know, it's tougher to put a spirit-based -- to put real spirits into a U.S. RTD and make much money at it and nobody is -- really nobody is making material money at that side of things.And so you've got to do it in a different way but we continue to look at that. I would say we believe in the RTD business on a global basis,I mean it's something that we've developed into as I said a very large piece of business for us, and we want to make sure that we can play it in the United States too.
Lawson Whiting: I mean, we obviously -- yes, we have been a bit surgical I think would be the word in the way that we've approached the pricing, and -- well, the pricing decisions that we've had to make, and if we're really talking mostly about Europe -- and it's obviously been a tough pricing environment for a long, long time over there.We continue to push it in some third-party markets,we've pushedit insome relatively smaller markets, we've been less aggressive in some of the very large grocery dominated markets over there for reasons that are pretty obvious I think, I mean they are very difficult places to take pricing right now and we've made a conscious decision to -- we've been calling and investing in momentum, and it's something -- once you lose momentum it's very hard to get back.And so when it came to really getting country by country, trying to decide what the right decision might bein a lot of cases in those big ones, we decided the right decision was to wait, let's not wait forever but it is wait for now until these things hopefully get resolved.
Lawson Whiting: Well, look, I mean historically our margins internationally were pretty close to what they are in the United States, some of the more recent FX moves over the last year have made the U.S. sort of on a per case basis or whatever a bit more profitable but it's not -- they're not hugely different, if some markets are.But for the most part, our international business has pretty high margins too. So you shouldn't expect that that that will change the overall company mix all that much.
