Josh Silverman: Great, hi, Heath, and thanks for the questions. On the first one, we made progress in improving the buyer experience that I think did have a material impact on the fourth quarter. If you think about that what we did do for buyers first when they comes to the site are we helping them to find things that they like and are excited to buy and improvements in our search algorithms using machine learning and AI, particularly things like Context Specific Search helped materially to improve the buying experience. So more people are finding something they like. Next are they actually converting that into a purchase? And we made progress in removing friction from the buyer funnel, so that they did. If you think about reasons why someone finds something they like and don't buy, the number one reason they state is they're just not ready to buy it. So by providing more signals like Best Seller badges or there is only one of these items left, we provide more urgency for buyers. And that's in response something we've heard from buyers actually that they – they said I am not ready to go to buy and then they come back two weeks later and are disappointed to find that that item is already sold recognizing that many of our items are one of the kind providing more of those signals to buyers just helping to drive urgency and therefore conversion rate. We also do things like improved transparency of shipping and other things that really help to provide better information to buyers, so that they can make a better informed buying decision and buy with more confidence, improving our return policies is another example. Because it's the fourth quarter, well, the holiday season looms large and we also did some things that are very holiday season specific this year. So most e-commerce sites in the holiday season are running cyber sales and in the past we have not. So this year, we ran a cyber sale and that puts us on equal footing with all of the other e-commerce players [indiscernible] and people coming to Etsy expecting to find deals do in fact find deals. And sales and promotions and some of the other things we did like what are items that are available to be shipped on short notice helped to put us an equal footing in the holiday season. So I'd say a couple things we did were important for the holiday season and then a number of things we did were important for all year round. You asked specifically about buyer acquisition and paid marketing. And we're also making progress there. So there's number of levers we have to improve that in our marketing capability. One is the sophistication of our bidding algorithms and those are improving. And as our bidding algorithms get better, we can get better ROI with the same spend or spend more and maintain our ROI. It's also true that as things like conversion rate and buyer LTV go up; you can actually invest more and maintain good ROI. So there is a virtuous cycle there. What I point to in our paid marketing in general and I think that’s gets to your second question is what we’re very focused on is the margin return of the next dollar spend. So we're always looking at for the next dollar we spend in performance marketing, are we delivering a good ROI that delivers good value to our shareholder. We’re making progress there, but we think there is still more room to go in improving our capabilities to allow us to invest more profitably. I don't foresee step function increases in those investments. I think we're going to make steady progress, but we’re going to keep our eye on the prize and to the extent that we can invest in a way that delivers really going returns for shareholders we're going to do that.
Josh Silverman: So that’s something we’re going to test and learn. I think the sales that are tried in true tool of retail that have worked for the past a couple of hundred years. And what we are not is a discounter that's always in the business of discount. However, many great retailers want occasional sales and promotions. And what I like about that for Etsy is it's a reason for buyers to think about us again and discover that we’re relevant more often throughout the year. We have over 30 million buyers and they have had very positive experiences on Etsy in general that have promoter stores at very high, but we need to retrain their habits to have them think about us more often. And sales and promotions is one tool we have to give them an excuse rationale to come back more often and try us for other times, here when they might not always. So there is obvious seasonal periods when that could make sense. Christmas or the holiday season is one, Valentines Day is another. And then there might be things during the year that we could do that are unique to Etsy than nobody else is doing. And you should keep an eye out to that. We are paying a lot of attention though to the fact that they need to happen it in an appropriate cadence. So we're not a discount site by nature of which we owned.
Josh Silverman: We're focused on growing the pie for everyone and GMS is the best measure for how big the pie is for everyone. And so that’s what we do. And you know as a platform our job is to make the experience better for all of our buyers and sellers. On any given day, there will be individual winners and losers because that's the nature of the marketplace, you know, is the product that particular seller is selling is it in fashion or not, how is it resonating with the marketplace that's up to each of our sellers. We've got to create the best platform we can to give all of them the best chance to compete, win and we're seeing a lot of progress in that and we're really excited about that. As we continue to focus on driving value for everyone, we'll look at what levers make the platform better make and make the platform even healthier that's always going to be the thing that we focus on. Then we can think about the right share of value when as we're driving more value for others what’s the right share for us, but the main thing is how do we make the pie bigger.
Josh Silverman: Sure, I'll think the first and then Rachel will take the second. So, I don't recall specifically talking about a brand new UI, but I think maybe what you're referring to, we've got a very balanced portfolio product roadmap initiatives for 2018 that I am really excited about. And here's how I think about those. We want to study cadence of things that we have high confidence you're going to improve the buyer and seller experience. And we feel like we've got a really robust roadmap of ideas to do that. These are things that are perhaps best practices already used in other parts of the web that we haven't yet adopted or things that we think have a high likelihood to succeed across each of search and discovery and trust and reliability et cetera. And we've got a good pipeline of those. We also want to make sure that we're stretching ourselves and we're thinking about bolder bigger events. That we have less confidence we’ll work, but we'll move the needle if they work and having a good portfolio that encompasses both of those in the right levels is how we’re thinking about 2018. I do think what's important for us and what you’ll hear me come back to again and again is velocity. The more we can ship product enhancements, the quicker we learn and the quick things get better. So we feel great about the fact that since May we’ve launched more than 350 products in marketing enhancements. And this idea that we go quickly from idea to testing and market and improving the experience for our customers and generating more learnings is really important and something we continue to focus on.
Josh Silverman: So you know marketplace business is our wonderful businesses. They’re really hard to build. And if you can build them, they have wonderful economic architectures. And I see no reason why our margin potential won't look like other good marketplaces over time. We're very focused on growing the pie for everyone. And so, our directive is to grow. It's not always true that throwing more money if the problem makes it better. So what you've seen us do is focus on doing fewer things better in order to move faster and with more focus in order to deliver more growth. And that’s what we have said several months ago and I hope that we're starting to deliver proof now that we meant it. This is really about growth. And as we grow, we do think the margins will look very attractive and unwind with other marketplace companies.
Josh Silverman: Yeah. So on the first one look I don't have any enjoin now, right now, specifically around the seller paid marketing roadmap, our seller tools roadmap. What I will say is sellers are looking for ways to understand manage and grow their business. And so you should expect to see us focus on tools that help them do exactly that. I talked about it in my prepared remarks for example analytics that can help them get a better understanding of what's actually driving their business. One of the things that our sellers really want is the opportunity to invest behind their own growth. And so, Rachel talked about our Google Shopping initiative and how we're really – we ransomed promotions to help them understand the value of Google Shopping. This is a great way that they can invest in us driving traffic to their listings. So they leverage our experience with paid marketing and all of our great marketing capabilities in a way that that puts their more control directly in their hands. And those kinds of things I think are very exciting. Our sellers really like them and it helps them to drive their success. We’re going to continue to invest behind them.
