Josh Silverman: So first, I am not aware that we’ve run a sale in the past. So, I am not sure what you mean by incremental to last year. This is a new capability that we launched in August that allows sellers to actually put items on sale and then they show up on the site as being on sale so there will be an old price and a strikethrough showing the new price which we have seen in other places and experienced for ourselves drives incremental traffic. It also gives people a reason to come to the site.  And when you think about engaging our existing base of buyers, we have talked a lot about getting them to come more often. It gives people a reason to come back and re-experience what they loved about the last time they bought. So, we feel really good about what happened over Labor Day it’s something new and we think that doing it again over Christmas is something that’s going to be really helpful for our sellers and our buyers on the site.
Josh Silverman: Yeah, let me start first with revolutionary and evolutionary. We have a long list of insights that have come from our buyers and sellers about ways that we can improve the product experience. And we're acting with urgency to get those into market and they're showing results.  And we talk about hitting singles and some doubles, rather these things, there are things that we can execute relatively quickly that will make incremental improvements and we're seeing the results of that. We really keep doing that, and what I like about that is that it provides a steady cadence of improvements that we can count on as a team. So, we're not swinging for the fences every time we get up for bet, and again, we should be swinging for the fences every now and then. So, we're in the process of looking at 2018 and coming up with a portfolio of bet including some more swing for the fences.  So, one thing I talked about is discovery, and the key insight there is that there is a whole lot of buyers who show up on Etsy, not with a particular purchase occasion in mind, but just because they have a half an hour, and they want to have fun and they want to be inspired. And frankly I think we could meet that occasion better with the amount of really amazing inventory for sale on Etsy, I think there's a bunch of ways we can come up with really exciting curated experiences.  So, if you want to think about things that Spotify does example, our Pinterest does or others, it’s that kind of challenge we've given the team of how we would face like that. Think about it, but my expectation is, there our teams going to come up with novel innovative ways that that’s a point of sort of revolutionary message to give the team the flexibility to think more broadly and boldly about the way to tackle it. But I think some important for us to think about those, we have a portfolio, I think about this as a portfolio of bets with some more near end, more certain things we're doing and then some more far out things that can have a bigger impact with the certainty and we're going to make sure we manage our investments in that way.
Josh Silverman: I'm not sure I caught both the questions, so we had about $35 million in annualized savings from a restructuring that we did in Q2, and that was about $20 million of impact in 2017 so, we haven't moved out of those numbers, we're also talking about a little bit on incremental upside in Q3, which actually some of us are looking for the downside from unwanted attrition and we mentioned that because we don't want you to model that going forward we are planning to fill our pipeline [back to] most of those well. So, $35 million annualized savings is the number that we continue to recite.  And then the cloud numbers we haven't communicated externally that's potentially something we'll talk about in the next quarter, at least put some color to it what that investment might look like, but that's not something that we talked about so far and just the idea that we're moving to cloud and then of course that's going to hit the P&L on a GAAP basis, that would be net neutral to our GAAP P&L.
Josh Silverman: So, holiday sale, you're right at the outset, we got out several weeks in advance, given the sellers warning and ask them to sign up and think about putting things on sell, that gives them time to prepare for it, so by the time we got and communicate to sellers, we already have millions of items on sale and -- time to communicate to buyers, sorry, we already have millions of items on sale that can bring buyers some experience that’s robust. So, we learned a lot and Labor Day and we plan to apply that as we look forward into cycle week and beyond.
Josh Silverman: So first when I talked about last earnings call, we think that Etsy is really uniquely positioned to own special, to be the place to go when you're looking for the things you're not going to find everywhere else, and what we think is so exciting about the acquisition is the places you've got for all your everyday items that in day and day out to buy the products you need for your batteries or socks or whatever you need, is not the place you'd think to go when you wanted to feel special, almost by definition if you are there every day to buy the commodities it doesn't feel necessarily special.  So, we think we're uniquely positioned from a brand, but if you also look at the traditional leverage of retail, there's three leverage, right, it's price, selection and convenience, and if you think about how mass retailers have gained leverage on price, let's start with price, typically what they do is they buy in large quantities and then pass along the savings to buyers, well if you're talking about unique items they are not mass produced, so buying the large quantities is not a strategy that actually works to create price advantage, the second lever we talked about is selection, Etsy has over 45 million items from 1.9 million sellers. There is no one in the market that even with an order of magnitude of that the type of product that we offer. So, we think we have got a really unmatched advantage in selection.  And the third lever is convenience, and for retailers that have built wonderful convenience offerings based around logistics and warehousing that requires products that can be made in advance and stored in a warehouse. For our products which are often made to order and again unique, warehousing is not a strategy that actually is very effective.  So, the traditional advantages that other people have had in the past may transfer less well in two our space. But beyond all of that again I think brands means something. I think buyers come to experiences to find a curated set of selection and to have a shopping experience that they think is different or relevant for them.  And so, the mission that we talked about keeping commerce human, I think at times on peoples watch, not every time, but many important times they want to have a shopping experience that feels special and that feels more human. And I think there is no one better positioned than us to attack that.
Josh Silverman: [And our built-on ALS] just level up for a second and say we were running two marketplaces side by side brands. And what we did over the past two months was consolidate those to one marketplace. And with a two-sided marketplace like ours bigger is usually better, it feels more vibrancy overtime.  So, in general we are very pleased with how that consolidation went, and we feel like we are seeing more success from the sellers and sellers coming over and then buyers having a better experience. So, we are optimistic about how that’s going to look going forward.
Josh Silverman: Yes, so we launched the new capability in August and the Labor Day sale was a way to kick it off. And definitely items on sale spiked, sellers took advantage of it. What you saw the sellers who put advantage of it really benefited and even the sellers who didn’t take advantage of it benefited. Now after the Labor Day sale, some of those people chose to keep their items on sale but not all of them, the number of sale items declined after the Labor Day sale. But as we head into the holiday season, we intend to again run another coordinated sale where we expect more of them to take advantage.
Josh Silverman: Let me start with the take rate. Our focus has really been first let’s make sure that we are really driving lot of value for sellers by improving the buyer and the seller experience. And we are very, very focused on doing that. We think we have shown some progress in this call and we continue to be optimistic about our ability to do that.  We are also really pleased with the value-added services that we have offered to sellers and how the uptake on that and the incremental revenue margins coming from that are material. But we will continue to look overtime as we are adding value to the ecosystem what’s our fair share of that and our guide star in that always will be one of the things we are going to do there we’re going to make the marketplace stronger and as we do that our fair share.  On the second part of your question domestic is GMS.
Josh Silverman: But we are very optimistic. Again, we think we have a very large opportunity in the US as well as international. We are making progress and we feel good about the progress we have made and what the future in hold.
Rachel Glaser: And then your second question about the headcount and attrition. I think there’s no one particular area where the attrition has been impacting us. Of course, it matters more in product and engineering and so we have got pipeline sales and we’ve got additional recruiters on board and we are actively addressing it.
Rachel Glaser: And then, the second part of that question, I think was about the EBITDA impact. So, of course, we may expect revolutionary investments that have an impact on GMS maybe over a longer period of time than some of the signals that we're hitting right now.  We do capitalize a little bit of our web development, it’s depending on the [indiscernible] certain investment thresholds that I would say that’s not material. So, I wouldn't necessarily expect revolutionary -- a significant bigger EBITDA impact than any of the other, product engineering investments that we make.  On your question on FX, only about 10% of our GMS is coming from non -- is non-US dollar GMS. So, it’s not material, maybe last year, there would have been a little bit post Brexit, potentially a little bit of a tailwind this quarter from the UK imports impact on GMS. So, we don’t think its material. If you’re talking about our GAAP P&L, we did talk about on FX gain from our inter-company loans. So that did drive some of our positive net income, but we also had real positive net income in addition to that FX gains.
Rachel Glaser: We don’t think the impact on the free listing had much of a material impact on international GMS. The reason we mentioned it was because this was normally the rate fee GMS relative to markets revenue growth are more in line and the difference this time was certainly portion of our GMS, certain portion of our listings were given away for free, so that you see that and the difference in revenue from GMS there.
Rachel Glaser: And one other point that the holiday -- what we are doing this holiday is different than what we did with Labor Day, we’ve now also given the ability for sellers to mark their item as free shipping whether they choose to bake that into the item price or not and then we can curate all items that have free shipping which is a very common promotional device particular for a very busy fourth quarter. So that’s a new feature for this selling season than it was in the third quarter.
Rachel Glaser: So, I think you are observing that right the domestic US was slightly decelerating this quarter versus overall GMS and I think that’s just potentially just a big number, so that’s tremendous growth in the US and its going a little slower and our international GMS is growing faster. It’s contributing more to our overall GMS.
