Deb Wasser: Hi, everyone, and welcome to Etsy’s Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. I am Deb Wasser, VP of Investor Relations. Joining me today are Josh Silverman, CEO and Rachel Glaser, CFO. Today’s prepared remarks have been prerecorded. The slide deck has also been posted to our website for your reference. Once we have finished Josh and Rachel’s presentations, we will transition to a live video webcast Q&A session. Questions can be submitted via the Q&A window chat displayed on your screen. Feel free to use it anytime as it will remain open for the entire conference call. I will be reading your questions and we will try to get to as many as we can. Please keep in mind that our remarks today include forward-looking statements related to our financial guidance and key drivers thereof; the uncertain impact the COVID-19 pandemic may have on our communities, business, strategy or operating results; our market opportunity; the potential impact of our strategic marketing and product initiatives, including a transaction fee increase and the intended benefits thereof and the anticipated return on our investment and the ability to drive growth. Our actual results may differ materially. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are described in today’s earnings release and our 10-Q filed with the SEC on November 4, 2021 and which will be updated in subsequent reports that we file with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on our beliefs and assumptions today and we disclaim any obligation to update them. Also during the call, we will present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in today’s earnings press release, which you can find on our Investor Relations website, along with a replay of this call. With that, I will turn it over to Josh.
Deb Wasser: Okay. Thank you. So Rachel, I’m going to take this one for you. We’ve gotten the same question from multiple people, Naved Khan from Truist; John Colantuoni from Jefferies; and others. What does the outlook assume for core Etsy GMS growth? And then the second part of that question is, can you help us further disaggregate how much of the slowdown is the result of an unusually difficult comparison in the year a quarter ago created by some transitory one-time events like tailwinds, like stimulus? And how much is really the ongoing impact of consumers adjusting their behavior as the world reopen? So I’ll let Rachel start, and then I’m sure Josh will probably want to pile on as well.
Deb Wasser: Okay. Great. This one is from Anna Andreeva, Needham. Marketing continues to be reined in for the past two quarters, if that’s not affecting demand. With GMS beating plan again in Q4 of ‘21, what drove the decision to pull back during Q4? And how do you think about marketing in Q1 and for the full year? I am not sure which one of you want to take that one.
Deb Wasser: Great. Okay. This one is from Seth Sigman at Guggenheim. Habitual buyers increased 9% of buyers from 8% in 2020 and to 45% of GMV, up from 40% in the prior year. So, not only is Etsy converting more habitual buyers, but these habitual buyers are also spending more. What are the learnings from these buyers that are applicable to the broader buyer base? That’s a great question for you, Josh.
Deb Wasser: Okay, great. Thank you all for hanging with us. A little bit over time here. We really appreciate it, and we will be here to answer all of your questions. So, that ends the call for this evening. Thank you.
Josh Silverman: While we’re facing reopening headwinds we’ve long anticipated, we see these as short-term with significant tailwinds at our back. In a world that we believe has been forever transformed by the massive adoption of e-commerce, Etsy, too, has been transformed. Marketplaces get better as they get bigger, and we’re now more than 2.5x bigger than we were before the pandemic. We have many millions more buyers who love us and are coming back for more, tens of millions more unique listings from which they can shop. And our core Etsy brand is becoming a household name. And we have a capital-light business model that serves as a flywheel for long-term profitable investment. While wallet share may shift for a bit to out-of-home endeavors, people still need to buy things. And we believe Etsy is simply a better way to shop. It’s still early days for e-commerce, and it remains our goal to continue to outgrow the broader e-commerce industry on average and over time. It’s a massive opportunity, and we feel extremely well positioned to grab a bigger share. Thank you all for your time today. I’ll now turn the call over to Deb.
Josh Silverman: Thanks, Deb. Those were prerecorded remarks we recorded a couple of days ago. And so I just need to start by acknowledging the events that are happening in the Ukraine today. The invasion of the Ukraine obviously weighs heavily on all of us. So we’re reporting our results as usual, but today is certainly anything but a usual day and wanted to acknowledge our hearts go out to our buyers and sellers and community in Ukraine and Eastern Europe as well as our global community that’s impacted by these events. Thank you.
Josh Silverman: Great question. I don’t think it’s due to acquiring a different kind of buyer. We’re really seeing a broad-based lift across our existing buyers as well as our new cohorts. So, habitual buyers continue to be the fastest-growing segment. Habitual buyers doubled in 2021 and then grew by 26% again – doubled in 2020 and grew by another 26% in 2021. To put another point on it, about half of our buyers now are repeat, meaning they buy more than once in a year. And for those repeat buyers, they are actually buying an average of 5x a year. Habitual buyers are about 9% of our buyers but represent about 45% of our GMS, and those buyers are buying more than once a month. And so when we look at the opportunity, I know in my household, something arrives from Etsy every week. And it’s not that I think we shop a lot more than others, but we primarily shop online. And when we shop online, Etsy is our starting point. We know that there is great products available on Etsy. And we start there and we go elsewhere only if we can’t find something on Etsy. So we see a ton of opportunity. And the growth in habituals, we think, is a great proof point for the opportunity for everyone to be shopping a lot more on Etsy. To the question of how, I’d start with having a great buyer experience. You can have all the tactics in the world you want. But the main thing is when you come to Etsy, did you find something you love? And when it arrived in the mail, did you actually love the product? Was it what you thought? And again and again, buyers are finding something they love on Etsy. And when it arrives in the mail, they are delighted by the actual purchase. And that is the foundation of our success and will continue to be. We talked a little bit in the prepared remarks about some of the tactics that have been particularly successful, but I would start by saying triggering people off-line to remind them that there is something available on Etsy. Having more of them come to the app, as an example, where we have a particularly great experience and where we see more habitual usage, having search work harder to recommend the right things for them as well as to get them to the best item quickly, and then reinforcing reliability. We talked a little bit in this call about having estimated delivery dates and then meeting those expectations. And it’s so important for us to be a habit that people know that they can rely on us. And we can tell them when they can expect the item to arrive, and it will arrive on time as we said. So we’re really proud of the progress we’ve made there, and we think all of those are key to why we’ve seen real success in frequency.
Josh Silverman: Yes. I mean if you go look at the latest Q, we put a lot of data in there. We estimate it to be about $2 trillion. And if the pandemic has taught us anything, it’s that the distinction between online and off-line is arbitrary. And what do I mean by that? When you talk to buyers on their shopping mission, they don’t say, I’m looking for the best online place to buy this or I’m looking for the best off-line place to buy that. Most of them, they are looking for a gift for their mother or a throw pillow for their living room, and they are going to go to online and off-line places. And what we’re seeing is Etsy can compete effectively against both online and off-line. That’s really one market in the minds of buyers. When we look at the categories in which Etsy participates, we sell a great many things. We don’t sell consumer electronics. We don’t sell groceries, to name two big ones. We don’t sell travel, but we sell most other things that consumers buy. And we really have seen that over the past 2 years. When home and living spiked, we were there for you. When gardening spiked, we were there for you. When pet supplies spiked, we were there for you. When gifts spiked, we were there for you. Who knew that the bread-making products were available on Etsy? I didn’t, shame on me, until bread-making became a big thing. And all of a sudden, we see it. So, the variety – the versatility of the Etsy marketplace is quite remarkable. And then our global opportunity, we have been investing in some key core markets, but we think most markets make sense for Etsy. And if you look at the absolute explosion in demand on the buyer and the seller side in the UK, it’s a great testament to – we’ve been planting seeds in the UK for many years. And holy cow, did they grow. Great, big forest almost overnight and we think that kind of opportunity exists in many, many countries all around the world. So when you add it up, it’s a $2 trillion TAM. An analogy I might paint is in a very different category. But if you look at – at Airbnb, for example, they talk about the hospitality industry writ large as their TAM. And if I’m on a business trip in Chicago, and I’m going to – I need a bed for 7 hours, I’m going to fly in and fly out, I might go to a Marriott or a Hilton. I don’t really care. I just want it to be kind of cheap and commodity. If I’m taking my family and I want a special experience, Airbnb is a great opportunity. And so they are looking for the special of hospitality. We’re the special of e-commerce. And I think that opportunity is massive. And obviously, retail at writ large is a very, very big TAM to be playing in.
Josh Silverman: Well, just to pick home and living for just a second, because it is an interesting one. We have said that, that has been our largest category. We saw an explosion in home and living during the pandemic. We saw an explosion in almost everything during the pandemic, but home and living more than even most, and it is now our number one category. It’s a very large category for us. Home and living is running roughly flat right now, just barely above zero in terms of growth rate. And I think that’s kind of amazing given that, again, this time last year, there was stimulus and there was lockdowns and you had no other – few other places – obviously, there were some, but a few other places to go to shop. So, the fact that we are growing over that and still keeping that spend, I think is kind of remarkable. Also true that there has been a lot of nesting that’s gone on for the past 2 years. And it’s fair to assume that people might have spruced up their current place about as much as they want to spruce it up. And when interest rates rise, people may move homes less, and that tends to be a headwind to home furnishings. And so I won’t be surprised to see home furnishings as a category face headwinds as we move through this year, and it is our largest category. But what we hear from buyers is they love Etsy, and they love the experience they have had on Etsy. And it feels different, and it feels compelling to them. So, the threat of offline, we are prepared to compete with offline. We are compared to compete with come who may. We do see that, first, our – we think that the category mix on Etsy is a real strength of ours. So for example, home furnishings right now is roughly flat. Weddings is growing in the mid-20s, mid-20%. And it’s a great example of we sell lots of things and lots of categories. And some of them are going to be headwinds, and some of them are going to be tailwinds. Now weddings is a much smaller category than home furnishings at the moment. But over time, that can change. What we are hearing from consumers, though, is general concern with their spending overall. Inflation is a concern with them. They don’t – aren’t getting stimulus checks now. By the way, people have to repay their student loans. There is $1 trillion of student loan debt out there that people haven’t had to pay for a while. There has been a lot of rent forgiveness that’s probably ending. So, there is a lot more demands for their wallet. And oh, yes by the way, they want to travel, and they want to dine out. And as Rachel said, why, so do all of us. So, we won’t be surprised to see more competition for consumer wallets generally where discretionary spend in retail and e-tail is going to have to fight a little harder against some other categories. But we are certainly compared to fight for the share of dollars that are going to discretionary retail and e-tail. We are ready, willing and able to fight for our share of that.
Josh Silverman: Great. Thanks for the question. We have said through the years that we are very disciplined at looking at the marginal return on the next dollar spend in marketing. And we do that with performance marketing. We do that above the line. And we are constantly testing in each channel PLA, social and whatnot. When we spend a little deeper, what do we get for it, and when we pull back, what do we get for it. It’s also worth noting that, that changes over time. Consumer behavior is changing. The competitive landscape is changing. The market rates for CPMs and whatnot are changing. And so we are constantly testing that. And when we find that the marginal return on the next dollar has maybe evolved and isn’t as good as we thought, we can pull back and be more efficient. And we are always looking to be as efficient as we can with spend. What we saw in the fourth quarter is we had a lot of tailwinds. Things were going very well. And the marginal returns on some of our spend, therefore, we are not as high, meaning the incrementality was lower. If we hadn’t spent that dollar, we still would have gotten the sale. So, we pull back. And that’s adjustment that we are always doing. It’s also worth noting that when we raise our take rate, as we announced today, the lifetime value of each interaction, each buyer we bring in or the repeat purchase goes up. And that allows us to spend deeper. And we think that’s a great thing for our seller community and for our marketplace as a whole.
Josh Silverman: I think the big lesson is that we have an opportunity to be a starting point for commerce. I think that this period of time has caused all of us to be aware of the role we play in this global supply chain where things are mass produced at huge quantity far away to go on a boat, to go on a train, to go on a truck, to end up at your household, to have you look and be just the same as all of your neighbors and then end up in a landfill two seconds later. And I think we are seeing a rise of conscious consumerism where people really want to maybe buy fewer things, but have those things mean more, express themselves in their sense of style and taste, differentiate from others and maybe last longer and not end up in a landfill. And by the way, if you can buy it from the person who made it and have it be within your own state or within your own country and feel like you are supporting your local community, isn’t that nice. And does it even have to cost more, if you think about all the markups that happened from the time that product was mass produced until the time it ended up in your doorstep, there are four or five people that took markups along the way. So, when this maker makes it and sends it directly to you, maybe shopping small can actually give you great value as well as a sense of style. I think we are beginning to realize that there is a different way to shop that is often a better way to shop. And I am not saying for everything all the time. You are still going to need those commodities of life that you don’t care about at all. And you are going to use them, dispose of them, and that’s fine. But for a lot of purchases that we all make, there is a different way to show up. As I said, at least one package a week arrives from Etsy at my household just because we think to start at Etsy. As I said, our habitual shoppers are shopping at least once a month – on average, are shopping more than once a month on Etsy. And what’s different about them, I think it’s just that they have figured out that Etsy is a place where you can find many things. So, our opportunity is to help educate the rest of the market and to help train that Etsy can be a starting point for their e-commerce. And I think the opportunity there is absolutely enormous.
Josh Silverman: Yes. So, on the inspiration level, you are starting to see us do more to present you with recommendations of things you hadn’t thought of or even things like continuous feeds of lean-back experiences where you can just see streams of all the really cool things on Etsy. So, for example, like video reels of things being made, which is really addictive and compelling. And we are making great progress in our recommendation engine to be able to inspire you with things that you are likely to like, but maybe hadn’t even thought to come to Etsy for. And that understanding things like taste and style would have been impossible years ago. But with advances in machine learning, we start to be able to intuit what your taste is and what of the 100 million things for sale on Etsy, other things that are – meet that sense of style. In terms of efficiency, obviously, the search engine getting better, and I shared some data on the dramatic gains we are making there, but getting you to the right item quickly. So, you feel like when you know what you want, you can get in and out quickly, that’s also very important. And reliability is critical. And I shared some data about how, over the holiday period, 90% of items arrived on time. Another data point we didn’t share, but I think is a great one, 98% of things that we said would arrive in time for the holidays arrived in time for the holidays. And that’s really critical that we do what we say and that you learn to be able to trust Etsy. And that can move us from being the occasional purchase where maybe you can afford for things to go wrong to being something that’s really your everyday tried and true. And we have made great strides there, and you will see us continue to invest meaningfully this year to make sure that buyers really know that we have their back and that they can buy on Etsy in a really worry-free way. And I don’t think it’s a silver bullet that all of a sudden changes things. But I think that over a period of months and years, as people really learn how reliable Etsy can be, I think it can dramatically change consumer behavior.
Josh Silverman: Sure. So I would say that broadly speaking, Depop and Reverb are facing similar headwinds – reopening headwinds to Etsy. If we talk about Depop just for a second, the UK – and Depop has a lot of their business in the UK. Teenagers in the UK were literally locked in their apartments for 2 years. The lockdowns there were quite extreme. And they are now allowed to go out, and they are availing themselves of that, and I don’t blame them. I have got two teenagers in the home. I can relate. And so there are some reopening headwinds there that we have been expecting and aren’t surprised by and we think are going to be temporary. And then as teenagers get a chance to get outside again, they are going to want to refresh their wardrobes and get back on Depop in levels at and above where they have been. And Reverb similarly, there has been some reopening headwinds there, but all expected. Elo7 a little different, and that Elo7’s business is very event-based. And so their business is really centered around things like baby showers, [indiscernible] and things like that. And the vaccinations have been more broadly spreading through Brazil. We think that’s really encouraging. But people are not gathering together in numbers yet in Brazil. And so we think that, that is going to come – hopefully going to come real soon, and we will provide a real tailwind for Elo7. And so we will see what the coming months bring there. In terms of the marketing strategy, for Depop, we are leaning into above the line with Depop. We are testing that in the U.S. right now to really make their brand a little more front and center. We are also testing performance marketing for the first time with Depop. And so there will be some margin impact to that, but we think it’s great investment over time. We think it’s the right thing to do. We have a lot of faith and confidence in Depop and are excited to invest to grow that business and that platform.
Rachel Glaser: Thank you for the question and hello everyone. So let’s take it apart, what did we say about the quarter? The guidance we gave implies about approximately 5% for consolidated Etsy at the midpoint. And we have said that our subsidiaries are less than 15% of our total GMS. And so what we said was, depending on where in the range you pick that Etsy is at least keeping all of the gains that it had from last year. So you would say roughly flat at the midpoint. But it’s important to – we took some time to take you through what last year was like. So Q1 last year was 132% growth. We did some research to see if anyone has reported any number that high. And amongst many, many companies, we were way at the tippy top of the highest growth rate that we could find. And it’s also important to remember what we said last year was that stimulus checks added about 8 full percentage points of growth to that first quarter. And we think the sort of deep pandemic lockdowns that we had last year at the same time, added at least that much also in terms of growth. So if you were to take that flat and add that 16 points of growth, that’s where we think we would organically be panning out at least around now. We also gave some color on what’s happening during the quarter. So we said we had a strong January. And then we started to notice a sharp decel in February, which would be timed approximately with when stimulus checks started to be coming and being distributed last year at this time. And we think March has an even stronger comp to beat. So I am not clearly disaggregating it for you, but there is a blend of help tailwind that is no longer here now and the fact that we are seeing reopening happen and that people – there is this pent-up demand to go out, to dine out, to travel. We’re looking at the mobility indices, and we’re seeing that, that indeed is increasing at the inverse rate to e-commerce declining. And – but we’re very, very pleased that we’re hanging on to all the gains that we had from a year ago.
Rachel Glaser: Lauren, thank you for the question. We’ve said so many times that we love our marketplace model, and I think our profits are one of the differentiating things that make Etsy special, too. So it’s a great question, and I love to talk about it. Why do we love our marketplace model so much? First of all, we have said that our cost base is highly variable. We don’t have distribution centers. We don’t have retail stores. We don’t even have very much capital investment. And so because it’s variable, we are able to pull those levers as we want, leaning into marketing and hiring of people and investing in product development. When we can, like you saw us do in March of 2020, when we first saw the pandemic starting where a lot of companies decided to pull back on those things, we leaned into it, and it was to our benefit. So I’ll start with that fact, putting that out there that we have a highly cash-generative model with a very high flow-through of top line to our bottom line. Secondly, we did announce a transaction fee increase. And like we did on another transaction fee increase that we did in 2018, we plan to reinvest a considerable portion of that incremental revenue back into the marketplace because we want to directly have that benefit the seller. So a lot of that will go into marketing and customer support and product development like we did before. The lever we can pull the fastest is in marketing. And that allows us to be able to spend more and still achieve the ROI threshold that we set for ourselves. So we plan to invest that at about the rate of our current EBITDA margins, which means EBITDA dollars are going to grow. But with more top line, we might see EBITDA margins stay about the same as where they are now. I want to talk about the take rate for a minute to make sure that people get that right in their model. So, I am going to put a pin in the take rate question. I also want to talk about our subsidiaries. They do contract our EBITDA margins I think we said by about 300 basis points. It’s another thing to think about when you think about EBITDA for the full year. Further, we have lots of room to scale. Our revenue per headcount is considerably higher than peer benchmark. So, you can go check that in your research, but we have checked it. And that means we have a lot of room to invest not only in things that drive top line growth, but in our infrastructure, things that keep our marketplace safe that help ensure our trusted brand and help our developers do what they do in a much more agile way. So, we are continuing to invest in those things. So, real quick on take rate, when you think about take rate for 2021, the full year take rate was an effective 17.3% approximately. But before you add directly the take rate impact to – the 1.5% take rate impact to that, you have to think about what that 17.3% was on a pro forma basis because we didn’t have the subs in for that whole year. And so the pro forma number is more like 17%. So, you would add that 1.5%, but only to Q2, Q3 and Q4 of 2022, because that’s when the new transaction fee comes into effect. And that gets you to something around 18.5% when you add those things in for – on a full year basis for our take rate. So, those are the comments I will make about full year EBITDA. Maybe Josh has something to add.
Rachel Glaser: I was going to give some data, and he gave it. There is great habitual – in fact, Seth, you had a lot of the data in your question. And then the once per month is actually more than double what we are seeing from our – the average for our repeat buyers. So, there is significant value to the habitual buyer segment.
