Kristina Salen: Sure, Heath. So your first question was on our marketing ROI. As we said previously, our intention is to keep our marketing ROI positive at an aggregate level, at a company level and we continue to stick to that in the first quarter and in the second quarter as well. To answer your second question, with regards to mobile app, the first thing that I would say is that we're talking about a relatively smaller dollar percentage, dollar growth in expenditure in this line item, it's the first time we've ever done it, so we want to see what happens. It will be on mobile and because it is about downloading a mobile app, so we don’t have any plans to go offline with our mobile app and download activity.
Kristina Salen: And to answer your second question Brian. As it pertains to countries we advertise in, I would just remind everyone that our largest marketing expense by a wide-wide margin is GPLAs and so we advertise and have advertised for some time, it's not new to 2015 in a broad spectrum in those countries around the world. But we do focus on the key countries that we've mentioned in the past being kind of Australia, UK, France, Canada and the rest of the Western Europe. Your second question with regard to repeat purchases, you might remember in the S-1 wefocused on a chart that showed that nearly, historically nearly three quarters of purchases were repeat purchases, repeat buyers. And in 2014 even though we increased our marketing expense by 122% year-on-year our repeat purchases as a percent of total GMS remained at three quarters. So that tells us that the buyers that we acquired in 2014 looked a lot like the buyers who were already loyal and faithful to the Etsy platform. And so we're continuing along that path as we think about our marketing expense and just to remind everyone our long-term value model for marketing expenditure is based on two years, it's railed to be ROI positive at an aggregate level across the company and it assumes that a paid buyer or rather an acquired buyer performs differently than an organic buyer. What we've seen thus far what you might infer from our 2014 performance is that paid and organic are performing rather similarly. But overtime that could change as we acquire more buyers with the success of our marketing plan.
Kristina Salen: And Tom, if I could just add to that comment a clarifying point, it's important to understand that the number of our sellers who list in U.S. dollars, so even on a local-to-local basis that can sometimes impact price that buyers, local buyers are seeing. So it stands today 92% of our GMS comes from sellers who list in U.S. dollars even though 30% of our GMS comes from international. And so only 8% of our GMS is coming from sellers who list in local currency. One of the opportunities we have over the longer term which is actually quite a complex technical operation is to encourage and facilitate more and more sellers listing in the local currency which also could benefit a more balanced local ecosystem overtime.
Kristina Salen: Sure. So from a perspective of U.S. consumers and enjoying lower, relatively lower pricing, I would point in fact to the comments that I made on the dollar pricing, a 92% of our GMS comes from sellers who list in U.S. dollars. Another way to think about that is the majority of our sellers who sell on Etsy, even if they are located outside of United States are listing in U.S. dollars. And so as I said before, an opportunity we have is to encourage sellers to list in the local currency rather than in U.S. dollars and to facilitate that from a technical perspective. So when think about U.S. consumers enjoying a strong dollar that doesn’t call out in the way that our sellers currently list pricing of their items.
Kristina Salen: We haven't seen that behavior. Again it's important to understand too that the $0.20 listing fee is a $0.20 listing fee no matter where you reside, so and to a certain extent as seller outside the Unites States has dollar exposure in the cost of the listing fee. So we haven't seen the kind of behavior where our sellers might be reacting to fluctuations in currency entertains their pricing. It's also important remember, relative to some other marketplaces that perhaps have significantly larger sellers on their platform who sell more commodity type mass manufactured goods, Etsy sellers are more micro entrepreneurs and so adjusting their pricing on an even weekly basis dependent on currency fluctuations might not be something in their toolset.
Chad Dickerson: I will take the Seller Services question first. So first of all, it's important to understand how we think about Seller Services and we talked about this in our road show and in our S-1. Our focus on building Seller Services is really about reducing the amount of time that our sellers spend on administrative tasks, things like inventory management, marketing and communications et cetera, so that they can increase their time on the making task. And as we talked about in the road show and in the S-1 for every hour our seller spends on creative tasks spends an hour on business task. So we really believe that looking ahead there is an opportunity to add more services that save time in those areas like inventory and such, shipping has seen some progress in this quarter with calculated shipping and some of the other services I talked about, we're not ready to announce any service today but you can expect over the long-term and overtime that we build services that help our sellers save time and money.
Chad Dickerson: Right, so it is important to note our building local marketplace is a global strategy which is really about, again building on the activity in markets where there's relatively balanced buyer and seller activity. So we're seeing momentum, particularly in the UK as I mentioned earlier. We're seeing growth in purchases from UK sellers, domestic activity seven times higher than the growth and purchases from U.S. sellers to cross-border activity. So we really think that this means that that local community is really connecting, we believe that overtime encouraging this type of local commerce in our priority markets, Kristina mentioned the UK, Australia, Canada, Western Europe, that will be a positive influence on the global success of Etsy, but we're seeing that early success in the UK.
Chad Dickerson: I will take the first question. As I said in my earlier comments, we're not going to comment on litigation. So I will hand it over to Kristina for the second question.
Chad Dickerson: Great, I just want to thank everyone for joining us on this first earnings call for Etsy and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. Thank you.
