Chad Dickerson: The local market places, as I mentioned in my remarks, one of the things that we’ve learned from talking with our sellers and buyers I mean in the U.K. and Australia for example and again the U.K is the strongest market, is that those buyers tend to prefer buying local goods in those markets. So, as I mentioned, we’ve been running tests and search to feature local merchandise, domestic merchandise in those markets, more prominently to really meet those buyer needs and expectations. So we’re just testing that right now, but that’s one way that through the search experience, which drives a lot of traffic and transactions to drive that local marketplace. On Etsy ASAP it’s very much a test at this point. What we have noticed in the last holiday season was a lot of local activity here in New York City. So as the days go on, it gets closer to Christmas or Hanukkah, we noticed that buyers in the New York area were buying from local sellers even through our normal system. So, we’re just piloting that out. It’s one of the new tests that I think what we really focused on there is it’s more about buying local and promoting that local community. I think it’s important to note to those of you on the call, who live within the New York area on Wall Street that we deliver to you. So please take advantage of it.
Chad Dickerson: Yes, we’ll take the second one first, the question about Amazon handmade. As I said before in other venues, we know our sellers extremely, extremely well. We’ve been working with them for a decade. And we believe that Etsy is the best platform for them to be creative entrepreneurs and build businesses on their own terms. We’d also know and talked about before on these calls that half of our sellers sell in multiple venues and that Etsy is the primary source of income for those sellers, who sell in multiple venues. So really based on what we're seeing in our conversations with our sellers, we have no reason to believe that any competitors are having an impact on our seller business right now.
Chad Dickerson: All right, I will take the first one and Kristina will take the second one. Thanks, Tom. On Etsy manufacturing, I think it’s really important to understand that the network that we're building is very – as I mentioned we're reimagining manufacturing and it's more human, it’s smaller scale. And what we're seeing in the early days of the launch of our marketplace, it's been out a few weeks now, is that the range of participants are, as I said in my earlier remarks, range from Etsy seller, we've seen a lot of Etsy sellers who were offering their excess capacity to other sellers to very small operations like I mentioned in the [indiscernible] operations up to family-owned factories. So in terms of the brand, we think that we're really proving this re-imagination of commerce via the product and showcasing manufacturers in a way that is very consistent with the brand, very transparent and very valuable [ph]. So we think over time, we’re just proving it with the products and the participants in the marketplace. We're being very selective and very careful in who we allow. Up until now we've had about 600 manufacturers apply in the marketplace to give you a sense of scale at this point.
Kristina Salen: And Heath, I will just add a couple of quantitative points to Chad’s comments. With regard to international sellers, as we talked in the past about the different buckets of GMS, U.S. dollar to international buyer being a biggest bucket of international GMS, but international seller to U.S. buyer continuing to grow nicely and of course as we mentioned on the call, local international seller to international buyer doing very well. So we continue to see great health in our international sellers. And a lot of it has to do with the kinds of efforts that we're making, Chad mentioned on the product side, and also continued grassroots effort to attract sellers to the platform. And the question of Etsy ASAP, I think it is important to note it is a pilot. The sellers we’re in it were handpicked. So we're not expecting sellers to sign up for the program because it's a pilot it's a small group of sellers who are participating. But still a lot of nice inventory and I encourage you to go to the site and look at what we're offering in Etsy ASAP right now on the platform.
Kristina Salen: And Brian to follow up on your marketing question. I'm really glad you asked this question. I think there has been some analyses out there that doesn't capture our marketing spends accurately and so this gives us a chance to talk openly about it. As we noted in our prepared comments, year-over-year growth in marketing spend, during the first three quarters of the year, has been impacted by business changes and reorg that we put in place in September 2014. So, it's actually not comparable. And as we noted in this particular quarter it was up 74% on a year-over-year on a comparable basis, 57% in the second quarter on a comparable basis, when we reported 77%. And in the first quarter was up 45% on a comparable basis, when we reported 63% growth. And so making a quarterly connection between our marketing spend and its efficiency is disconnected from our global attribution model and because our LTV is a two year LTV, so we are looking at a positive ROI, we're looking at a dollar in a dollar out over a two-year basis.  For example when you look at quarterly marketing spend , we don’t take into account any seasonable spend and you will be able to see able to see this when you look at in the fourth quarter which is our biggest quarter but from a year-over-year growth rate perspective, start to taper down . Another reason that from this marketing spend divided by active buyer is not so accurate for us, is because it includes a number of expensive, that go beyond direct new buyer acquisition cost. And we are only paying for a season close, for a small minority of those active buyers it’s another reason why the math of marketing spend, kind of the net ad number doesn’t work, we are not spending money to acquire each of our active buyers. And when you look at our marketing expense, at a growth level it contains many other things, PR, seller development, brand design, brand research and not just our digital marketing dollar. And the last thing it’s important keep in mind is that 90% of our GMS comes from organic sources. So only 10% of it is a result of our paid marketing dollars, and paid GMS as we pointed out has grown nearly 2.5 times our reported GMS growth rate in the first three quarters of the year and how that paid GMS has made an outsized contribution to our new buyer growth. So that’s why we feel confident when we look on a quarterly basis, and our marketing – our digital marketing dollars that had been put in place are performing well. And the second layer to that of course is the positive ROI model. And we committed to remaining ROI positive at the aggregate corporate level.
Kristina Salen: So it’s important to note that, this is a slow rollout. We are still working out the business model for it. If you recall for example we launched wholesale a little over a year ago and wholesale is still very much a contained product for us. And that was still fine-tuning. So what I would say is not to think of it even from a 2016 perspective as a significant contributor. Really think of it for us, it's just the beginning. It's just the first innings of Etsy manufacturing. What we think is a great long-term opportunity for Etsy.
Kristina Salen: So I will take the marketing question first and then Chad can answer your search question. So James just to be clear, we are talking about 10% of our GMS, our paid GMS. Comes from our marketing spend. So we disclosed that we spent about $10 million in the quarter between GPLA SEM and affiliate marketing and if you take out 10% of our GMS, that would be – it's not directly correlated in the quarter because of our two-year LTV but if you insisted on doing a quarterly comparison that would be your best comparison as to what that $10 million is generated.
Kristina Salen: Sure, James, so the first thing I’d say is, we don’t actively connect active seller growth with active buyer growth so it’s distinct initiatives for us. On the active seller side, what we’ve said consistently is we don’t believe we have an inventory problem. The opportunity we have is to connect our amazing 1.5 million active sellers with more and more buyers over time. And so when we think about active seller growth, that active seller growth that you see is largely organic. We don’t have plans in place or significant initiatives in place to acquire sellers proactively. And so we get really excited when we see our active seller growth because it is a testament to the power of the platform. On the active buyer side, we had certainly through our paid channels and our or organic channels, whether it’s engaging our existing buyers for acquiring new ones we’re certainly focused on – proactively focused on growing active buyers. When we look at the current growth rate in this quarter, what I’d like to point out with regard to active buyer growth is two things: the first is that in this quarter we anniversary AOM and the acquisition of a little market, which represents about 2 to 3 percentage points of active buyer growth. And the second thing I’d like to point out also in the international realm is to remember that our U.S. seller to international buyer GMS, which is our biggest bucket of international GMS. That GMS declined 12% year-on-year when compared to 6% decline in the second quarter, flat in the first quarter, and then up double-digits in both the fourth quarter and third quarter of last year. So what that means is that our international buyer activity has been contracting in the quarter and that impact the active buyer growth. This active buyer represents a buyer who has purchased from us in the last 12 months.
Kristina Salen: Gil, as we said before, we don't really think about it in terms of net ads. When we look at active seller growth, its active seller growth over the course of the twelve month period and from an active seller perspective, we're not looking to add on a quarterly basis. And so from our perspective, we look at our active seller growth and we're really excited about it. It represents largely organic growth and points to the power of our platform.
Kristina Salen: And Tom to answer your FX question, I think our international buyer to U.S. seller activity mirrors the global currency. So if you were to look at the euro, for example, which is the currency we're most exposed to, we’re also exposed to the Australian Dollar. The euro has started to very gradually slide in the fourth quarter and the beginning of the first quarter, but it really took a dive in the second half of March of this year. If you go back and look at euros to U.S. dollar charts, you'll see what I mean. And so from our perspective, we start to anniversary this in a significant way in the second half of March of 2016.
