Josh Silverman: Thanks a lot for the questions. Much appreciated. In terms of marketing, our philosophy is really straight forward, which is that when we invest money in marketing dollars, we expect to deliver a positive ROI for the shareholders. I know that sounds obvious, but we work very hard to live that every single day. So we do look at how do we make sure that we are doing that as effectively as possible. So the first step in that was really to dive deep into our attribution models and makes sure that Rachel and I were very comfortable with the methodology we used to determine ROI. And I think Rachel and I are comfortable with that methodology. Second, we look at how can we further optimize our spend and get more return for the amount of money we spend or spend more money with a really good return. And that has to do with both improving our capabilities internally, as well as driving better conversion rates from visits to purchase and getting buyers to come back and buy more often. And we are working on all parts of that. In terms of the payments, you know we feel good about that transition and I think that the roadmap that we did to mandate at Etsy Payments is a roadmap that we would look to follow again and again. First, we test them to make sure that by driving people through the Etsy Payments product, they actually have a better experience and buyers convert at a higher rate. We began by testing that. That works very well and our data was very convincing that this is actually a better experience in the market place. Once we had conviction from data, we then mandated it in the markets where Etsy Payments is available and I would say that that transition has gone very, very well. So our sellers have converted. We have not seen material attrition and we think that it's a win for both buyers and sellers in the market place. In terms of seller growth, I think the last piece of your question, you know we feel good about the seller growth we have had. In particular, it's really about the breadth and depth of inventory that we have on the site and do we have the right inventory matching the demand and I think we continue to be a great place for creative entrepreneurs to come and grow their business and we are going to keep focusing on that.
Josh Silverman: Thank you, very much. So Pattern is a great start and we have a large and passionate community. 1.8 million creative entrepreneurs and we have the best platform to serve that particular community. And in particular we have something to offer them that no one else offers, which is the Etsy marketplace. The number one place to go for buying unique and special items. And so we attract a large and growing set of sellers that they want the opportunity to market themselves on Etsy and off Etsy as well. And Pattern is a great way for them to do that. So we launched Patten not long ago and just this past quarter we expanded Pattern by allowing them to including inventory that we allow on the Etsy marketplace and now also inventory that maybe not be a fit for the Etsy marketplace but nonetheless is something our sellers sell. So now they can really use Pattern as a true multichannel platform for all of their sales and the feedback from our sellers has been really positive. So we are going to continue to invest to make sure that we give our sellers what they need to help them to grow their business.
Josh Silverman: There is obviously multiple revenue lines that have different margins structures to them. So things like the transaction fees on GMS flowed through at very high margin and Payments flows through at a much lower margin and you pointed to Payments. But it's also true that things like Promoted Listings flow through at a very high margin. And so there is obviously a mix going on there but with the EBITDA guidance that Rachel gave you, we are trying to give you what we expected and bottom line growth which is that we can grow the business and do it profitably.
Rachel Glaser: This is Rachel. Nice to meet you Sam. Thank you for the questions. We haven't been disclosing the amount, the contribution from our seller services by line item. But the primary driver is that it is -- it is a primary driver of seller services revenue and is the largest component of that. We said that in the past. And I think part of your question was, how has that mandate gone or why have we mandated it. Really the answer is because it's the best platform for our sellers. We consistently see that they get more GMS when they are on Etsy Payments versus the one they are off.
Rachel Glaser: Gross margin, I think, was down 400 basis points -- sorry, 100 basis points. And that was due primarily to employee related expenses and professional fees. It wasn’t -- the Etsy Payments in the quarter did not have a headwind on gross margin.
Rachel Glaser: I will give you two other factors on the Etsy Payments. As a higher margin on some of the international transactions and in addition, we were able to negotiate with our, some of our payment vendors that helps offset some of the margin compression that we typically see from Etsy Payments.
