Kristina Salen: Great. Hi, Heath. So as you point out, organic traffic continues to be a significant percentage, 90% of our traffic. And that is a high-class problem, so to speak, and very different from most of the e-commerce companies that are out there. When we look at the GMS that's generated from organic traffic, I think it's safe to assume that that also represents the vast, vast majority of our GMS. Pay GMS, the GMS that is generated from these direct marketing efforts, is growing faster than organic GMS, a multiple of organic GMS, which we take as a positive sign of the returns of our marketing dollars. One of the things that I would remind everyone of is, prior to 2014, we hardly marketed at all. Indeed the percentage that we spend on marketing as a percent of revenue within the low-teen. Beginning in 2014, we started to amplify that. And in reality, the growth rate of our marketing spend is decelerating from a triple-digit percentage growth in 2014. That being said, we continue to apply the conservative attribution model that we use to allocate every single marketing dollar that we spend, that assumes that paid traffic has lower returns than organic traffic. It assumes a very conservative two-year return rate. And that's conservative because historically we've been much more successful in retaining our buyers over the long term. And it forces marketing spend to be ROI-positive at the aggregate level for the Company, meaning that our total marketing dollars are ROI-positive even if in one country we might be breaking even or slightly negative. So all of that rigor has been maintained with the increase in marketing spend both in this quarter and last quarter, and we'll continue to maintain it in future quarters.
Kristina Salen: Sure. Well, I'll repeat what we said in the past. We aren't breaking it down between the three specifically. We'll likely provide annual updates in terms of penetration.
Kristina Salen: But the information that we've given in the past with regard to the breakdown remains. Shipping labels is the smallest because it's booked -- because it's booked net. Direct checkout and promoted listings are very similar in terms of their contribution to overall seller services revenue.
Kristina Salen: Thanks, Brian. So your question is, should we think about accelerating our active buyer growth? And you're specifically linking that fact to marketing. I think it's important to remember, again I'll just reiterate the point of our maturity GMS coming from organic, the vast, vast, vast majority. And so as we think about active buyers, we're thinking about activating or increasing the engagement of our existing buyers, and then, yes, bringing on new buyers through paid acquisition. So when we think about the active buyer growth rate number, we don't have as an explicit goal to accelerate active buyer growth. What we're focused on is increasing the engagement of our existing buyers and bringing in high-quality new buyers, which fits [ph] that ROI matrix that I lead [ph] out. But what I would also highlight is it's important to think about our active buyer activity from quarter to quarter in terms of seasonality. And so, historically, if you look at third quarter and fourth quarter, does tend to be, I guess for obvious reasons given holidays, tend to be more active from an active buyer perspective, whether it's an existing buyer and her level of engagement, or new buyer acquisition.
Kristina Salen: Sure. We haven't disclosed the breakdown of all of the buckets, but what I would say, just to give some more color on that point, is that our largest bucket of GMS by far is U.S. buyer to U.S. seller. And intuitively it makes sense. Our largest community is buyers, 21.7 million active buyers, and we disclosed in the past that the majority of them are U.S.-based. And then we look at our seller community, 1.5 million active sellers, and we've disclosed that the majority of them are U.S.-based. So you put that together, U.S. seller to U.S. buyer is the vast majority of our GMS. If you look at -- if you look at the smallest bucket, the smallest bucket of the five that we look at is international seller to international buyer in the same country. And that's the piece that we're really trying to grow with our build local marketplaces globally. It is the smallest by far and it's growing he fastest. So we're very encouraged by the growth rate that we're seeing, it's sign [ph] that our international strategy is working. But all of the other buckets, whether it's U.S. seller to international buyer, international seller to U.S. buyer, they all are small relative to the big bucket of U.S. buyer to U.S. seller. And then to answer your last question, second quarter 2014 growth rate of the metrics that you referenced was in line with the fourth quarter range, similar to the fourth quarter and third quarter.
Kristina Salen: No, I'm sorry, Gil, we're not breaking out all of the individual growth rates of the five buckets of GMS. We're breaking out that U.S. seller to international buyer to highlight that indirect impact, to try to get some color around what we think that indirect impact is on our overall GMS growth rate and to help investors better understand how to think about the impact of FX going forward.
Kristina Salen: Sure. Thank you, Tom. So, starting with the crowdfunding to fund our Etsy initiatives, that initiative is so incredibly early at this point that we don't have, yes, specific results to report. Very much a pilot program, but something that we're watching really closely. The second question, around responsible manufacturing. At this point we have 4,700 sellers in that program and 7,900 manufacturers. And it's important to note that 85% of those relationships are between sellers and manufacturers in the same country. So our manufacturing program is largely a local phenomenon when it comes to country.
Kristina Salen: Sure. So we see buy buttons as a great potential advertising channel for our sellers, and we've been talking to all the major platforms, learning about what possible integrations might look like. I think the buy button ecosystem at large is still very early and everyone has kind of a different standard. One of the things that we're trying to figure out is, when we look at Etsy, one of the most important aspects of Etsy is the person-to-person connection. And we find that many of our transactions on Etsy involve conversations between the buyer and seller. So that's something that buy buttons really don't make possible. So it's something we're thinking about. We did run a pilot test with Tumblr where you could buy within Tumblr. That generates some conversion. But it's a fairly small pilot. But it's something that we're watching really closely and continuing to talk to the various platform partners. But overall we think it's a great opportunity potentially for our sellers.
