Josh Silverman: Yes, so I'd say we look at two things. We look at leading metrics, which are really brand health metrics. And then we looked at performance in the near term. So starting with the leading metrics, we are measuring brand health so things like unaided awareness but also intent to purchase loyalty and advocacy. And what we've seen is that audience is exposed to the TV campaigns see meaningful increases in brand health metrics. So things like Etsy is relevant to me, Etsy is a place I didn't tend to buy, Etsy is a brand that I would recommend friends. So we think that those are important leading indicators and we're encouraged by the progress we're seeing. We also try to track the results in terms of actual purchase behavior. When we ran the geographic tests at the beginning of 2018, those were really designed to be able to measure more precisely growth in quarter. The challenge of doing a test like that is that it's much more expensive to test locally. So you've got to sort of extrapolate what that ROI would have been had you been benefiting from a national buy. So in the latter part of 2018 we did national buys. And the benefit is we get a lot more cost leverage. The ROI looked good as best we could measure it, we felt encouraged by what we saw. It's obviously harder to measure. We had a strong year last year, including a strong end to the year last year and we felt really good about that, with many of you did as well parsing out exactly how much of that was due to TV versus other things that we're also going well is a combination of art and science. Our combination of art and science resulted in us feeling good enough about it to want to keep going in 2019. So we're encouraged by TV. We think it can be a great channel, particularly given the position Etsy is in with a lot of people saying that they really have affection for Etsy, they believe in Etsy, but they're not sure when to think of Etsy. That's the kind of challenge that higher funnel advertising, like TV and digital video can be very well designed to address. I'll say one last thing before I stop, which is just, we also liked the fact that building the core destination of Etsy with a brand that is not reliant on referral streams like Google, and Facebook and others we think is great. And so TV is a channel that can scale very well and continue to build loyalty to us as a destination. And we think that's a worthy objective.
Josh Silverman: Yes, great question. So I'd start by saying we're really encouraged by what we're seeing in the UK and now Germany as well, where both of those markets are now more than 50% domestic trade. So buyers buying in the UK, more than 50% of their purchases come from sellers in the UK. And we think that's a really encouraging sign. We'd love to see that repeated in France, and Australia and Canada and we're growing our presence in India. Although India, I want to point out we're really focused on in export strategy in India. Those are the core markets we're focused on. And I want to be careful about not spreading ourselves too thin with our investment dollars, particularly around the buy side, around things like performance marketing to drive buying activity. I do want to take a minute to highlight that a global marketplace is a wonderful thing. And we see a lot of benefits from being global and there's a great amount of activity happening outside of those core markets that is terrific. So for example, we're seeing wonderful sellers in Lithuania and the Ukraine that are selling clothing, lynn and apparel embedding among many other kinds of products, but in those categories in particular, we're seeing real vibrancy and it makes the ecommerce experience much richer to be able to buy these great products at great value all around the world. Israel, we're seeing wonderful things in a bunch of different categories, including shoes, leather shoes coming out of Israel are really interesting and I could go on and on. Lots of different countries that have specialties in different crafts that make the market better. Many times those are export we're stronger as an export in those longer tail markets, because it's a great chance to reach a buyer market. And in big markets like the U.S., the UK and Germany,
Josh Silverman: Yes, sure. So in terms of where we're seeing the benefit, let me start with the product side. Most of the gains we've seen on the product side in the near term have been in conversion rate. We're doing a better job of converting visits into purchases and that spread across both new buyers and existing buyers. So that's where we put most of our energy and that's where we're seeing most of the benefit. Now if you visit and you find something you like and you actually buy it, that's a pretty good experience. So I think the gains we're seeing in frequency in no small measure come from the fact that we're actually delivering a more experience – a better experience on the site, which has people coming back more often. In terms of are we making more progress on getting new people or engaging existing people? I'd say it's been relatively evenly spread. And one other things that I find very interesting about Etsy is that people when we talk to buyers who haven't shopped with us for awhile, they actually think they have shopped with us for awhile, more recently than what our data suggests. So what they say is, I love Etsy. And yes absolutely I use you guys and you're like, oh, really you're data says you haven't been there in awhile. I'm like, really, I guess I just hadn't thought of it. Like, wow, I guess it has been a year. I guess it has been two years. How time flies. And that's where that shoulder tap of, they like us, they just need that trigger to remind them when to come to us. That I think is a really big opportunity. And that's why I'm excited for TV to do some of that reach. We've also talked to you about improvements in our email systems, which, I think, is helpful driving more people to the app, I think, can drive more re-engagement. And then using things like retargeting, so that we can remind people that maybe have a favorited item or left something in their cart. Those are all opportunities that we have to drive more re-engagement from people that may be we feel are lapsed even if they don't feel that they are lapsed. And then, I think, your second part of your question was around do we plan to take up marketing spend because we have more – we’re more encouraged. And yes, we do. So you will see marketing spend elevate in the second, and third quarters and fourth quarters of this year.
Josh Silverman: Yes, given the nature of products on Etsy, the idea that they all are available sitting in a warehouse and waiting to ship is not necessarily a realistic expectation for us. And so being great at what we're great at and owning and leading into that, talking about the customization and the personalization and it being just made for you. And sometimes special takes a little bit of time and we're not shy about that. We're not trying to be exactly like Amazon. We're trying to be great at what we are. Now we can do better. And so we can do a better job of being clear when buyers can expect items. So we call it estimated delivery date. And getting sellers to set very accurate estimated delivery dates and then exposing those on the site is something that is an area that you'll see us do more and more on in time. And then things like filter. So I only want to see things that are available to arrive by x date, is something that over time you should expect us to see, you should expect to see from us. And well many things on Etsy are made the order and made just for you. That's still means look, there's 62 million things for sale on Etsy right now. There are still millions of things that can be shipped right away. And in fact Dayna Isom Johnson, our style expert was on the view just today talking about Mother's Day. And she was asked a question about Mother's Day gifts. And she pointed to a whole set of print-at-home products we have available for sale. So you can, for example, buy a custom calligraphy card or a custom calligraphy family tree, which will be sent to you on a digital file within minutes or hours and then you actually print it in your own home and give it. So those kinds of products could be available in minutes without even requiring shipping. So there's a wide range of products. We want to make sure that what we do is set buyers' expectations so that we can show them just the selection of things that are available to arrive within their timelines.
Josh Silverman: And on building demand within local markets, majority of our marketing investments in performance marketing channels like Google PLAs and that skill is really, nicely, internationally. So we use the same technology and capabilities to buy PLAs in the international markets that we do in the U.S., or in our core international markets as we do in the U.S. And we've elevated our investment levels and been able to do that in part based on our change in pricing that we did last year. So we're able to invest even more and drive healthy growth. We also have a corporate communications PR teams in these markets and are able to generate a meaningful amount of earned media, which is also really helpful. And then the other thing I never want us to lose sight of is our sellers themselves who are highly motivated to market themselves and their shop, and along with that Etsy. And they do that in informal channels, but they also host things like craft fairs on the weekends, where the Etsy brand is quite prominent. And so we have thousands of seller teams all around the world organizing fairs on weekends and really doing guerrilla marketing at scales really nicely to support themselves and along with that Etsy.
Josh Silverman: Yes, which probably gives you some indication in that, so to the rest of your question, obviously, there's just a conversion factory that's just math to convert euros or pounds to dollars but you're right that there is some level of price elasticity as well. So when the dollar goes up, purchasing power from the U.S. and the largest trade route internationally is U.S. buyers buying from abroad. So when the dollar goes up, U.S. buyers have more purchasing power and when the dollar goes up they have less purchasing power. So there is a little bit of price elasticity. It obviously goes the other way for international markets. And that plays a small role. But the biggest role by far is just the math exercise of converting different currencies back to U.S. dollars as we bring it back. And the other question is what percentage of listings are listed in USD and I think that's over 80%.
Josh Silverman: The nice thing is I don't think they're mutually exclusive at all. So we definitely think there's an opportunity for our existing buyers to buy more from us. And we're excited about that and investing behind that. And we think a relatively small portion of the available customers out there have shopped on Etsy. And so we want to grow them both.
Josh Silverman: The only – I guess a color I’d add. First we intentionally took our foot off the gas with marketing to tune our attribution models. We feel great about that, that was the right decision and we didn't want anyone to be surprised by that. And that was something we knew. The second thing I would say about January and February, it was – I would use the word volatile. We had generally pretty good weeks and then all of a sudden there would be a really weak week. And then generally pretty good weeks. Particularly in February and I think – and I don't know that we'll ever know with certainty, but I think the tax return thing showed up. And so it’s just a little volatile. And given that we had an earnings call, we wanted to make sure that we were as transparent as we could with you. We're pleased with how the quarter closed and as a result we're able to take our GMS guidance up and we feel good about that.
Josh Silverman: I'd say we've given guidance for the year. We don't give quarterly guidance. The one thing I would say about March is Easter moves. And so looking at kind of the last few weeks of March, there's a lot of inherent volatility based on the date of Easter. So I wouldn't encourage people to focus too much on that. But we've given updated guidance for the rest of the year.
Josh Silverman: Sure. So on the personalization, we're launching more tools to allow sellers to announce and promote the fact that that their items are available to be personalized. And then to streamline that process so that it's easier for the buyer to say what they want the personalization to be and the seller to incorporate that. And so we're excited about the roadmap for that. I think many buyers are not aware of the opportunity to personalize and customize on Etsy. And in fact because you're buying from a person who's making the product, many, many things are actually available to be personalized and customized. And I don't think that, there's a lot more we can do to make that prominent. So look for that in the coming – in the years to come. The second question was around frequency and GMS per active buyer. I think that that's about helping our buyers understand all of the opportunities that there are to shop on Etsy. Again, net promoter scores are high. And particularly if you look at net promoter score right after the item arrives, which is really kind of the moment of truth, they’re really high. So the chances are that they had a good experience last time they bought on Etsy. So we think the key now is to just let them know all of the other opportunities that are available and I think TV is a good opportunity to do that.
Josh Silverman: Yeah. So let me start with the first. So, we feel good about the product work that was done in the quarter and I want to pause for one second, probably one other factor heading into Q1 is that we did a fairly big reorganization of our product team to align with our rights to win. We do believe that strategy needs to drive organization, which drives execution. And so, we've aligned our product squads around the very same rights the win that we talked to you about in Investor Day. And so it took a little bit of time for those teams to reform and storm and norm, but they hit the ground running and we saw really good wins particularly in February and March around those. So a few of those that I would – that I would highlight, Rachel talked about quality and our push in quality. Let me click one level deeper and talk about that for a second. Our search engine has historically used conversion rate as its objective function. Meaning when you typed in a search query, it's trying to show you the top 50 things that it thinks you're most likely to buy. There's an inherent bias to low priced items then because you're much more likely to buy a $20 item than a $200 item. So if you were to use GMS as the objective function instead of conversion rate, you might buy fewer things but of higher value resulting in higher GMS. We talk about this as the cushion to couch strategy inside the company. People right now buy cushions, how do we get them to not only buy cushions but also by the couch at the higher stakes. And there's actually some inherent bias built into our search algorithms driving them to lower price items. That also has implications for the brand. So as we want to elevate the brand and show a broader variety of purchases and purchase occasions, changing the search algorithms to show a wider variety of items we think is helpful, but it's new and it's big and so you [indiscernible] way into that. So we begun to incorporate price into the search algorithm and we're very encouraged by what we saw from that showing a wider variety of items, including more high priced categories. And the net of that was some GMS wins that we think are great. I would say that that's a journey that will be on for quite some time understanding quality and how to determine quality and then surface quality and shows signals of quality to the buyers. That's going to be great for buyers. It's also going to be great for sellers and our best sellers having sustainability for them. I think it's going to be good for everybody. We did other things around highlighting quality like image. We did some work on showing higher quality, higher resolution images, which worked – some other wins were on localization in our international markets to make the UK site feel more UK and the French site feel more French. The recommendation algorithm has got better and that made a difference. And we made it easier for people to send combos, buyers to send combos to sellers and we're making it easier for sellers to respond efficiently to those. Those were, I think, some of the biggest things we did to move the product in the quarter. It’s not everything, but it's some of the bigger things.
Josh Silverman: And I think the last part of your question was around sort of sustainable growth rates. And we laid out in Investor Day 16 to 20 as a long-term sustainable growth rate over the next five years. We feel good about that. So we think continuing to grow at rates substantially faster than what we think the ecommerce market is going to grow at – is what we laid out there. We feel good about that. And we think our opportunity to improve the product experience and to find new marketing channels and invest more in our existing marketing channels, we see significant runway in both of those. And we think the two of those underpinned the growth that we've seen. The other factor is obviously macro. And we're in a good macro environment right now and you're seeing us guide you to the very top end of that range that we put out there. Someday we will be in not as good of macro environment and we might guide you lower in that range. We'll see. But I'd say that is the other factor that that we're always keeping an eye on.
Josh Silverman: Yeah, great. Thanks for the opportunity to clarify. So, when we talked about pausing some channels, TV was not the only channel we paused. We paused many different channels, some for few weeks, some for longer, depending on how long it took the test, the incrementality of that particular channel. So other channels we paused, for example, we’re search engine marketing, particularly things that didn't involve the keyword Etsy. We paused investments in social channels would be another example. We paused investments in affiliate marketing. So we paused many different investments across many different channels to tune our attribution models because what you can measure pretty well is did they click on this ad and then did they show up on your site and then did they buy. What you can't measure is sort of the halo effect of did they come later or did viewing it have an impact and sometimes you over attribute and under attribute to that. So these on/off tests help us to measure that. And sometimes by the way, those effects can be quite significant. They can be quite material to your understanding of the return on investment. So we learned a lot. It was good. Something we did not pause was the PLA program. So Google product listing ads, which is a mature channel that works pretty well and we feel like we've got a pretty good understanding of the incrementality there. And so that was – we invested in that in a pretty sustained way throughout Q1. So, now, you'll see us keep going with PLAs. And by the way, we think we can continue to get more efficient as we build better technology and capabilities even in the PLA program. And then turn on some of those less mature channels that we paused where we gain more confidence and then there is TV. And depending on how the results go through 2019, we're very open minded to continuing to invest in 2020 and beyond, provided we continue to see encouraging results. We're not wedded to anything, but what I like about TV as it seems like it has a potential to be a good fit with the brand positioning that we have today or the brand – our brand opportunities. And it scales really nicely. If it works well, you could imagine us scaling our spin on that and being able to put even more money to work cost effectively if we find that the return is there.
Josh Silverman: Great questions. Thank you. So on the sellers – we're pleased by the growth in sellers. As we've said, we're largely demand constrained more than supply constrained business particularly in the U.S. that's less true in international markets where building more supply across more categories is indeed very helpful. And that is disproportionately where the seller growth came from last quarter. We are definitely adding sellers in the U.S. and we feel great about that and we welcome them to the platform, but disproportionally the growth came in international markets.
Josh Silverman: Thank you all very much. We feel great about the first quarter and I'll look forward to following up in the months and years to come.
Rachel Glaser: And then specifically to your question about what KPI should be looking for, I think, the top one is GMS. So we're striving to grow GMS by using as efficiently we can every part of the funnel. And then over time we're trying to also grow frequency. So those are the – and doing this profitably. So you can also look to EBITDA as we go.
Rachel Glaser: I'll just add that that trade route, we call it the international domestic trader, which is an international buyer and seller within the same country is the fastest growing trade route. So we're actually seeing real progress on that, sort of the local search. The next half this is actually the U.S. import, meaning, that we’ve got a lot of buyers that are – that have a high – there's high demand for all of that rich product that's coming from all over the world as Josh described these fantastic linens coming out of eastern Europe, and so on. So building markets like India would be at a great export market is very beneficial to the marketplace as well.
Rachel Glaser: So first point, I want to make is we measure those things quite granularly in house. And on uncertain calls, we've talked about how much collectively our search wins generated in GMS. We don't disclose those metrics every quarter. But one thing we do talk about every quarter is the percentage of GMS that's coming to us organically. So this quarter with our pullback, we are now – we were 85% of our total GMS was organic, which is a reduction from the last quarter. And so that is to give you a sense of – and we grew GMS 18.9% and 20.4% on a constant currency basis. That gives you a sense of growth is coming partly from investments we made in marketing in prior quarter, but also partly from the product wins that we had in the quarter, because we at least sort of paused a lot of our marketing spend this quarter to give you just a feeling for how much GMS is driving – or how much GMS is coming from our product development efforts.
Rachel Glaser: I'll take the second one first and then Josh can talk about international. So our habitual buyers were again the fastest growing segment and buyers that we've talked about in the quarter. So we gave the metric about the GMS per trailing 12 months buyer on the call. But that again, accelerate, that was the third quarter over 2% growth. So those two are both indicators that have improvements in frequency. And we'll continue to refine some of these metrics that we want to disclose that show you how we're making progress on frequency, but we feel pretty that we’re getting positive signs – product efforts that we're making in the marketing efforts that we're investing in are driving those numbers.
Rachel Glaser: Thanks Tom. I guess first I want to clarify with 170 basis points of headwind for the difference between our as reported numbers and our constant currency numbers in the quarter, I'm not – I don't know where – I'm not sure where you picked up the 500, but 170 is the number.
Rachel Glaser: Tom, just one more clarification, it was 20.6%, not 20.4% on a constant currency basis. So just want to make sure we get the right numbers.
Rachel Glaser: Okay, hi Laura. So first of all, what I cited was we had a 19% increase in headcount year-over-year, but I didn't give the number but I believe it's in our Q. It's 914 at the end of Q1. And then on the new versus repeat, we haven't given a goal, but I do want to clarify one thing about those metrics that I believe I said in the past, repeat is people that have ever shopped at Etsy from the beginning of all times. So I think that might be a little bit different than other companies report, meaning some of those customers may not have come to us for several years and others would consider them lapsed. So one thing we talked about in our Investor Day presentation was to start to create that – break out that segment of lapsed versus repeat versus new. And that may be a metric that we want to talk to you about going forward because I think those lapsed customers are, it should be marketed to as if they're new. And so we're starting to get our attribution models and our targeting set up so that we can tell the difference between something that we're calling new versus repeat.
Rachel Glaser: And just a clarification there, I think those split that you're citing is percentage of GMS coming from new versus repeat, not customer count.
Rachel Glaser: I can start with the Q1 GMS. When we got on the call in February, we had seen, as we said, some sluggishness in January. We weren't exactly sure why we had – the reasons we cited were potentially some macro headwinds. We had paused some of our marketing spend and we've kind of reset the new product roadmap that was just sort of getting into gear. At the time we did the call, we felt it was prudent at that time to – as conservative with what we were seeing and transparent with what we were seeing as we could. And so we laid that out for you and reiterated that at our Investor Day. And then we're happy to report that we've – as we've turned our marketing channel back on with our test complete and they've been – we believe effective and we've had some really good product wins in the quarter that started to take shape, midway through the quarter. And as we entered into March are delivering incremental GMS, so it works – those haven't happened yet when we did the last call. So we're pleased with the progress and how we’ve entered the year.
Rachel Glaser: And then with regard to DaWanda investment, there really is not a huge amount of incremental and that's what we've completely absorbed the DaWanda seller base as many as them as wanted to be absorbed and the buyers into etsy.com. And we treat the German market much as we do any other of our top international market. So there's no integration cost or anything that is related to DaWanda investment whatsoever.
Rachel Glaser: Yes, I was going to just add that. Basically all of the initiatives we have are focused on improving GMS and then improving GMS through repeat frequency. Television is one of the large investments we're making that is very much trying to tell the Etsy story rather than when we're spending on Google, it's really selling a product or a listing and people come in and they buy one thing and they're gone. This is a story that is saying you come to Etsy for all these meaningful moments in your life. So that's one area. And then we've talked about a lot of the product initiatives example we gave on the call was really focusing on quality and using – because of our cloud investment, we're able to run much more sophisticated algorithms to surface. Putting more factors that would – surface things of higher quality and then have those be a lot more – using a lot more chosen data about what we know about that fire. And then hopefully that brings people a better experience and gives them – matches them to a product they want to convert on much faster and much more of the time. Those are just a couple of examples where we think we're really going to start to move the needle on frequency.
Rachel Glaser: Let me add a point. One thing is obviously when we have a product in Q1 then that has an annual [indiscernible]. So that product win will keep on winning for us for the rest of the year. So we're just beginning and those things build on each other. So there's a product roadmap with many things prospectively that we'll continue to build the ones that launched towards the end of the year have fewer weeks with which to contribute. But the ones that win now, which we think there were some significant ones in Q1 have opportunity to keep – the gift that keeps on giving and that's baked into our GMS guidance. And you talked about shipping, we talked about shipping on our last call, we have started to put initiatives in place to educate and communicate with our sellers about the value of treating shipping costs just like its cost of goods sold rather than breaking it out as a separate cost. So that their pricing strategies include and contemplate that there is going to be the cost of getting the item from them to the buyer. And we've given them tools that make it very simple for them to be able to calculate what their pricing could change to modify how they're displaying that total transaction value. And we're starting to see some headway in those initiatives that we've introduced to them.
Rachel Glaser: We gave guidance with the best visibility we have to what's on our roadmap. We – iteratively, we're testing things all the time and we operate in a continuous deployment sort of not a waterfall environment. We talked a bit about this at our Investor Day that we've changed the way we – the throughput with which we develop products. They're constantly being tested and we don't know what's going to win. In fact sometimes we – ourselves will think something is good and it's not. So our guidance contemplates what we think we can reasonably count on for growth coming from product development and the growth that we pulled out from our marketing investments.
Rachel Glaser: So, I think prospectively some of the things we're doing with quality that Josh talked about on the call, will have some impact on AOV. Right now, it's really a frequency that is impacting the growth that you're seeing.
