Chad Dickerson: So before we open up to questions, I want to first thank Kristina for her immense contributions. Over the past four years, Etsy has grown and changed in so many ways. We've grown our GMS from $895 million in 2012 to nearly $2 billion in just the past nine months alone. We've had so many major moments over the past four years that Kristina has been a part of, including becoming a public company. When Kristina joined as our first ever CFO, we were making big decisions about our future, including whether or not to go public. And one of the reasons I hired Kristina was because I knew she was the right person to help Etsy figure out many of these important questions.  I’ve spent a lot of time with Kristina over the past four years and it's been really great to work with her as a partner as Etsy has tackled big and small challenges. I know that this is the right time for Kristina to begin the transition to thinking about her next opportunity. And as a CEO, you want to work with partners who help navigate the company through key challenges and when it comes time to move on, you want them to be positioned for even greater things in the future. Kristina has been a key partner for me and Etsy and I'm excited for Kristina to take a piece of Etsy with her, as she plans for what I know will be a very successful future. For now though, I look forward to continuing to work closely with Kristina over the next five months. With that, I'd like to turn the call back over to the operator to open up for Q&A.
Chad Dickerson: And on Google Shopping ads, without a doubt, marketing and advertising is an area that our sellers have really been asking for help on and Google is obviously a really important channel for them. So combining Google Shopping ads off Etsy with promoted listings on Etsy gives our sellers many more options for advertising. So it's something that we’ve continued to hear about. From a revenue standpoint, it's really important to understand revenue for Google Shopping ads is other revenue and it's part of a commercial agreement that we have at Google. All of the dollars that our sellers spend go straight to their ad campaign.  In terms of how it works with promoted listings, our sellers again it’s creative entrepreneurs, they want to spend a lot of time, learning complex tools, so we've been able to integrate both Google Shopping ads, and promoted listings into a single dashboard that makes it really easy for them to advertise. And Etsy’s search to be a promoted listings and in Google search, via Google Shopping ads.
Chad Dickerson: You know, I want to say a couple of words about brand and how we’re shaping the brand. I mentioned in my earlier remarks the difference makes us campaign and what we're doing there as part of the Etsy Everyday strategy is really emphasizing Etsy as a place that buyers come to find merchandise that they can use in their everyday lives. I think part of what we're doing is really shaping the perception of the brand in the mind of the buyer in a way that they'll be more likely to come back to buy things on Etsy rather than each day, every day and just gifts on an irregular basis. 
Chad Dickerson: Yes. Thanks for the question. I mean search is a really important channel for us and Blackbird has, it’s an incredibly talented team with really strong deep learning and artificial intelligence capabilities and they do specialize on search, although as I said earlier, you can apply their technology in lots of different ways, given how many things you can do with machine learning. We're just really excited to be bringing that team on to work with us. They really complement a team that, at Etsy, has already done things like building exploratory search. We've talked about the conversion increases that we've seen over the past few quarters. So we really see the Blackbird team as accelerating our already strong effort to make search better on Etsy. We're just super excited to have them joining, they've just joined several weeks ago. So it's very early.
Kristina Salen: So I'll just take the last question first, Heath. We don't have any plans right now to add another focus market. We're really proud of the fact that the UK is over 50% local. But just as a reminder, when we look at our other four markets, none is close to 50%. I think Australia is probably the closest near 30%. So we have a lot of work to do in all of our five focus markets. So no plans, no announcements to make right now about another focus market.  With regard to marketing, as you know, Heath, we're super focused on that ROI and it ebbs and flows in any given quarter, based on our attribution model and we really look at it over the fullness of the year. We're excited about our marketing plan in the fourth quarter, which will marry everything that we've learned about digital marketing over the past four years with the excitement of our second global brand campaign. So that's why in the fourth quarter, you'll see both digital and brand marketing expense growth accelerate. And will be to use your term leaning into that in the fourth quarter, which is also our biggest shopping quarter of the year. 
Kristina Salen: On direct checkout, Mark, what I would say is that the integration of PayPal was the primary driver of direct checkout growth in 2016 and sixteen. Things like Apple Pay or extending to a new geography adds growth over time, because it adds convenience for both our sellers and buyers. But the integration of PayPal in to direct checkout was definitely a positive driver of growth from the end of October of 2015 through the end of October of 2016. 
Kristina Salen: So, thanks, Andrew. You'll probably remember at the end of last year in our 2015 10-K, we talked about frequency in there being a longer term opportunity to increase the frequency of purchases of our buyers, meaning half of our buyers roughly in 2015 bought only once. And so we think there's a longer term opportunity in frequency, but really it's everything we do and everything we've done over the past year at both the top of the funnel, all the way down to purchase has an impact on the buyer experience, has an impact on conversion rate and then their likelihood to come back. So if we start with just making it easy for them to sign in, which we did with social sign in and Facebook and Google plus, if we move to deep linking in our apps, so no matter where she's coming in, whatever channel she's coming in from, whether it's Facebook or Pinterest or Google search, she has the opportunity to land in the app, which is higher converting. Then some of the things that we've launched over the last 18 months with regard to exploratory search, local search, just recently in the second quarter, translations of listings and conversations between buyers and sellers into local languages, all of those things have a positive impacts on her experience and also get her more quickly to purchase.  And then finally just the myriad of things we've done in payments over the past 18 months, whether it's Apple Pay or Google Wallet, the PayPal integration of course, but even extending into geographies as Chad mentioned, Hong Kong, Singapore. All of that has a positive impact on her ability to check out quickly. So over time, this positive buyer experience resonates with her and she comes back and we look forward to talking about in 2017, more about all those things we'll do around buyer frequency.
Kristina Salen: Thanks. With regard to conversion rate, just to clarify, what happened with conversion rate is that our conversion rate has expanded in each of our three channels, desktop, mobile web and mobile app for four consecutive quarters, but because of the mix shift to mobile web, our conversion rate overall has not expanded and so what we look at, if you want to understand what underpins our guidance, one of the drivers of our guidance is a slight narrowing of the mobile gap similar to what we did in 2015, which was small. And when we look at what we've been able to do in the mobile gap this year, it's pretty much so far accomplished that, the slight narrowing of the mobile gap.  We're very excited about the ability to increase conversion rate across all of our channels. We think that point to our ability to iterate across multiple channels if points to frankly our product and engineering prowess. I don't think many companies are able to do that. But it doesn't mean that our overall conversion rate grows because of the mix shift that we see to mobile web, which, as you recall, has a conversion rate that's 50% or more below desktop.  With regard to marketing services, James, what I would say is that marketing services or advertising services is an area that we're very interested in. It's an area that our sellers frequently request for help when we survey them about different kinds of services that might be useful. We have a great track record of building those services. Promoted listings which was our first seller service from 2011 is now a significant revenue contributor to Etsy. And we're very excited about what we're doing with Google Shopping. It's not something that is seen elsewhere. So we're really focused on building marketing services and as we move through the coming quarters and years, we hope to talk with you more about the marketing services that we build. 
Kristina Salen: So just a clarification, when we talk about digital marketing spend, we're talking about acquisition marketing. So we're not including YouTube and Facebook. YouTube and Facebook are categorized under brand marketing spend and so when we discuss our digital marketing spend on being down year-over-year in the second quarter and third quarter, it wasn't about taking away from one to give to the other. It was more about very high growth rates we were lapping in the previous year. For example in the third quarter of 2015, our digital marketing spend, the lion's share, the vast majority of which is Google product listing ad, our digital marketing spend last year grew nearly 90% year-over-year.  The amount of money that we're spending on YouTube and Facebook is a low, low seven figure amount that pales in comparison to the roughly $10 million a quarter we spend on Google product listing ads. So I wouldn't want you to get the impression that we're shifting dollars from one to the other. 
Kristina Salen: Thanks, Tom. I’ll try to remember those question. Starting with currency fluctuations, I wouldn't want to give you the impression that we've aced currency. I think if we had a crystal ball on currency, Etsy would be in a very different business right now. But what I would say is that we are laughing currencies at currency fluctuations from last year and at the same time, our local business is doing really well in many of our key focus markets. It's important to remember though that our local business is in local currency. So that roughly 65% growth that I cited is in US dollar terms.  That's a 65% growth in local GMS between international buyers and sellers in the same country. That’s in US dollar terms. And when you consider that in the third quarter, some currencies reached new lows, that means our local currency growth is even stronger in our build local marketplaces global lease strategy. So I can’t predict what's going to happen with currency as I mentioned on the call. We continue to monitor particularly BREXIT very closely and we continue to see really robust growth in these three out of four categories of international GMS growth that we play in.  Your second question was I believe about Postmates, Postmates was a beta, it was just in New York City. We will not be renewing Postmates in the fourth quarter of this year. I'm sorry Tom if that infringes upon your last minute shopping plans. The last thing I would say, with regard to a tax rate in shipping and in our shipping revenue, we'll release penetration rates amongst our active sellers at the end of the year as we do every year. I don't have any update to give you right now. 
Kristina Salen: On Pattern, we have no update to provide, other than what we've said in the second quarter that we’re really pleased with the enthusiasm from our sellers. Chad mentioned that we've made a few enhancements and since we launched that we're excited about. And the last thing I would say is while Pattern was a revenue contributor in this quarter, we still expect a modest contribution from Pattern over the next couple of years. And your second question I believe was a clarification point on marketing expense. What I said in my remarks is that we expect digital and brand marketing expense growth to accelerate from the third quarter growth rate and that's really aligned with the largest shopping quarter of the year for us. 
