Debra Wasser: Hi everyone, and welcome to Etsy's Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Deb Wasser, VP of Investor Relations and ESG Engagement. And joining me today are Josh Silverman, Chief Executive Officer, Rachel Glaser, Chief Financial Officer; and Gabe Ratcliff, our Director of Investor Relations. Today's prepared remarks have been pre-recorded. The slide deck has also been posted to our website for your reference. Once we are finished with Josh and Rachel's presentations, we will transition to a live video webcast Q&A session. Questions can be submitted via the Q&A window chat, displayed on your screen. Feel free to use it at any time as it will remain open throughout the entire conference call.  I will be reading your questions and Gabe will help me to try to get to as many as we can. Please keep in mind that our remarks today include forward-looking statements related to our financial guidance and key drivers thereof, the impact of COVID-19 or its abatement may have on our communities, business, strategy, or operating results; the potential impact of our strategic, marketing, and product initiatives; the potential impact of our acquisition of Depop and Elo7 on our market opportunity and on our future consolidated financial results; and the anticipated return on our investments and their ability to drive growth.  Our actual results may differ materially. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which are described in today's earnings release and our 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 6th, 2021, and which will be updated in any future periodic reports we file with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on our beliefs and assumptions today and we disclaim any obligation to update that.  Also, during the call, we'll present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation of GAAP -- non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release, which you can find on our Investor Relations website along with the replay of this call. With that, I'll turn it over to Josh.
Debra Wasser: Great. Thanks, Rachel. The next one is from Eddie Yruma at KeyBanc. Josh, I'll toss this one to you. "You moved very quickly to bring selection inventory from DaWanda onto the core Etsy marketplace. Do you see the same opportunity existing with Elo7?"
Debra Wasser: Okay. Great. Thanks, Rachel. Next from Nick Jones at Citi. Josh, we'll throw this one to you to start. Can you talk about the effectiveness Etsy has had in managing Reverb and the implications for its ability to manage Elo7 and Depop? And how many other opportunities might there be out there that could look similar to these, in terms of focusing on products or demographics or geography? I assume that means in terms of potential future acquisitions.
Debra Wasser: Rachel, while I have you. Similar question -- similar topic from Jason Helfstein in Oppenheimer. "If we assume a 10% take rate for the acquisitions of Depop and Elo7, can that get us close enough to the revenue impact for the acquisitions as well in Q3?"
Debra Wasser: That's great. Thanks, Rachel. The next one is from Nick Jones, and I'll give this one to Josh. "Can you talk more about the Star Seller program? Is this an icon on the seller profiles? And can you give us any data that you can share about how this might help sellers to sell more?"
Debra Wasser: Great. All right. Thanks, everyone for your questions, your attention. And we will talk to you, I'm sure, very soon. Take care.
Joshua Silverman: Sure. First, we feel really good about our Q3 guide. We're talking about Etsy Standalone growing in the mid-teens Q-over-Q in a world where we anticipate that in Q3, the world will be largely reopened and people are going about their lives much like they were not entirely like they were before COVID, of course, but much like they were before COVID. So, some of the things that are powering that, we are seeing a resurgence of growth from some categories like weddings.  So, weddings, for example, was up over 100% year-over-year in Q2. And it was the second sequential quarter of growth for weddings, so that's certainly helpful. We're also seeing building momentum in some categories like back-to-school. So last year was all about homeschooling and people were buying desks for their kids at home. Now they're buying backpacks and they're buying all sorts of things to get ready to send their kids back-to-school, and we're already seeing that.  We're really pleased to see sustained momentum in many categories. For example, Home Furnishings is seeing nice sustained growth and, as you know, that's our largest category. And some of the things that are really hot in-Home Furnishings right now are kids' furniture, gardening activities, and things like that.  And then, as always, we're seeing the viral trends; whatever is hot and new right now is showing up on Etsy. Things that are hot on TikTok, for example, show up on Etsy within moments and actually can drive millions of dollars of GMS. So, those are really the 4 buckets. And Deb did I -- I think I got the beginning well.
Joshua Silverman: Great question. Thanks, Edd. With the DaWanda arrangement, we had an Etsy business in Germany, and we did a referral agreement with a basically Etsy look-alike Company called DaWanda in Germany. And we just combined the 2, you're right, very, very quickly. Brazil is different. Etsy doesn't really have a presence in Brazil. And in fact, cross-border trade between Brazil and other markets outside of Mercosur is really tough for a bunch of reasons.  And so, we expect that Elo7 will remain a standalone brand and a standalone business, giving us a presence in Brazil for the first time. And when we look at who has succeeded in Brazil, it tends to be the native companies. Mercado Libre is very successful there, and eBay didn't manage to penetrate. So, we think having a native indigenous brand in Brazil, built for Brazil, that is focused primarily on domestic trade, is the right way to go. And we're really excited about the Elo7 team and brand as our way to do that.
Joshua Silverman: Okay. Got it. Sorry. So, I think the short answer is yes. We are seeing that the brand marketing spends we're doing in Germany and the UK is making our performance marketing more effective and, therefore, we are spending more. The performance marketing spend is quite mechanical. We have very clear ROI thresholds and we have quite clear ways to measure impact in nearly real-time.  So, as the performance of our performance marketing gets better, we just automatically increase spend, and if things happen to depress it, we automatically take spend down. But you're right that because the TV advertising is making brand awareness higher, it means the propensity to click on our ads is higher and the lifetime value of the customers is higher, and that allows us to spend incrementally -- incrementally more in those markets.
Joshua Silverman: Yeah. We feel great about the progress to date with Reverb. And, really, job 1 was to partner with the Reverb team to think about where can their product efforts be most focused to improve conversion rate. That makes the value of a visit go up, and the lifetime value of a visitor and a customer go up.  And, at the same time, how can we optimize their marketing spend? And those 2 are actually a virtuous cycle because if the conversion rate goes up, the value of the visit goes up. That allows you to actually invest more in marketing. And if your marketing is more efficient, you can really get the flywheel to turn. And so, we're excited about how that has worked at Reverb and we hope to execute similar ideas, not the exact same, but similar kinds of playbooks at both Depop and Elo7.  They're both very different marketplaces and they have different dynamics and they face different trends. And so, step one is to get in and partner with their teams and understand where they are and see where we can add value and what their current roadmaps are. The teams are doing that very actively. I think we've owned those two businesses for 2 or 3 weeks in total. And the teams are already there and working, and we're excited about what the future can hold.  I will say that this takes work, and it takes time, and it takes effort. And we are very conscious of the fact that the big prize here is the core Etsy marketplace, which we are incredibly excited about the massive opportunity ahead of us at Etsy. And so, we want to be thoughtful and disciplined as we always are. Integrating Depop and Elo7 I think is meaningful, and we want to take the time to integrate those 2 and make sure that they're successful and really set up for success. That's very much our focus right now.  To the question of, are there other two-sided marketplaces out there? Maybe. As I've said, it's lightning in a bottle. It's not every day you come across a truly authentic, organic, two-sided marketplace that really has mojo. In a place, it's additive to Etsy where Etsy is really positioned to help, where we can acquire it at a fair price, and where we have the bandwidth available to do it. So, we've got a high bar and, I would say, we are going to be patient and picky. And right now, we're very much focused on the core Etsy marketplace and integrating Depop and Elo7.
Joshua Silverman: Sure. We feel great about that. And so, adding 8 million new buyers is a sequential decline from what we were adding in the pandemic. But it's 8 million new buyers. In fact, it's almost twice the level of new buyers we were adding before the pandemic.  I think that's, again, quite remarkable. And they're coming from a number of sectors. One, international has been great and we are growing in international markets a little faster as a percentage of the total than we are in the U.S. and in places like in the UK and Germany, for example, our core focus areas, the investments we've been making over a period of years to make those markets more robust.  We're seeing some of the fruits of that. But even in the United States, there is still a lot of people who don't shop online, don't regularly shop online, or haven't really heard of Etsy. Etsy is coming into the common vocabulary now and people are starting to say, "Oh, yeah. My neighbor told me about that," and, "Oh, yeah.  I hear that's really hip and cool." There's a lot of people who still haven't yet experienced Etsy. And then there's new demographics that we're starting to really lean into. For example, men, that's about 50% of the population, and it's very underrepresented at Etsy, as we've said. And we think that leaning in more there, we can do a lot to open up to new segments and new categories even within the United States.
Joshua Silverman: Yeah, great question. Thank you for that. Yeah, the Star Seller program is really designed -- Yes, it will be an icon on people's shops. That will show up in a few months. We might do featured marketing around our Star Sellers. It might influence your prominence in search. We're going to experiment with a lot of things.  But at minimum, it will be a badge on your shop to highlight to buyers that you're one of the very best sellers. I think one of the most important things it does though, is it provides agency to sellers to tell them very transparently, "Here are the customer service metrics that buyers care about the most, and here is what good looks like." And that sets a bar, an aspiration for our sellers of where they want to go and where we want them to go.  And one of the things we hear from sellers over and over again is, "What can I do to be more prominent?" And if you look online, the tips and tricks they hear from a lot of others are like keyword stuffing, put more keywords in your title. That doesn't necessarily make the buying experience better. Do you ship on time? Do you answer bio convo -- buyer convos in a really timely fashion? Do you get 5-star reviews on your products? Those are things that buyers really care about and we want to focus sellers on those things.  And so, the Star Seller program is a great example. And by the way, it's not the only way we can do this. But it is a powerful example of how we can really tell sellers exactly what they can do to be more prominent, and give them agency in their own success, in a way that creates a race to the top and lift itself up. And I'm really excited about this track-up work in the coming years.
Joshua Silverman: Thanks very much for your interest. I think -- when I think back to a year ago, the question we kept getting was like, is this just a flash in the pan? All these people are coming to Etsy just because they have to. And are they all going to go away when the world reopens? And I'm not saying we fully post-pandemic or the world has completely reopened, but people have a lot of choices right now. And I couldn't be more excited about the fact that in a world of a lot of choices, Etsy is growing.  And it's growing materially and people are coming back. They're choosing to come back more and more often to Etsy even when they have vastly more choices than they did before. And I think that's super encouraging for the future.
Rachel Glaser: First of all, I think we gave a lot of color on taking rate because we gave you what take rate would be with and without the new businesses. So, you can see that without the new businesses, our take rate would have been 17.7% and the new businesses, though much smaller than Etsy, have lower take rates and make some contraction to that overall number. Etsy's gotten take rate gains from the expansion of Etsy Payments to 9 new markets globally, and Reverb actually took a price increase last year as well, which helps keep the former consolidated Etsy take rate high.  We look at taking rate improvements as a value exchange. So, where we can offer more services that are -- that benefit the seller in exchange for some fee increase, we are open to doing those things.  So, for instance, last year, we added Offsite Ads and that was a win-win for sellers and for Etsy. So, there are lots of opportunities to continue to add services, and where we see a fair exchange of value, we'd consider taking fees for that. But right now, we have no plans for that and there's nothing in our guidance that would suggest that we have any plans for that.
Rachel Glaser: Good question. We said the percentage that was paid was 19%, which is down from the previous quarter. Remember that one of the things that we do is invest in top-of-funnel marketing, which we don't count in our paid spend because the traffic from the top of funnel marketing comes in through the direct channel. We spend a lot of money incrementally marketing in the second quarter.  The dominant portion of that incremental spend was on top of funnel marketing in the UK and Germany drove a lot of toplines that we count as direct. That's one of the answers to your question. The second answer is that we actually spent a relatively flat amount of money on performance marketing, and we got the same or better ROI.  And also recall that our performance marketing is now subsidized by our Offsite Ads product. We don't actually see that subsidy in the marketing line, that shows up in revenue. All of those factors together drove a really high return on our performance marketing spend and a relatively lower percentage of total traffic coming from paying.
Rachel Glaser: Hi, Shweta. Thanks for the question. First of all, I'll start by saying that our 3 subsidiaries in our new House of Brands together represent less than 15% of our total GMS. So, they're still important. We see a huge opportunity for them, but they're a relatively minor impact on our total guide. And at Etsy, we try to think about focus and we're very focused on continuing to grow the Etsy marketplace. What we've disclosed for Depop and when we announced the acquisition was that Depop did about $650 million of GMS in 2020 and about 70 million in revenue, and it was growing about 100% at the -- in 2020. You would expect that Depop is experiencing the same macro headwinds from the economy reopening, that all of the e-commerce is experiencing.  So, we -- while we're not giving specific guidance for Depop now, you can consider that that's factored into our guidance. Elo7 is much smaller. Also, they had -- they did not have a tailwind from the pandemic in 2020 as Depop and Etsy did. A lot because they're -- they've had significant impact from COVID in that region, and also their business is much more concentrated in the event space, which has been more hampered by shutdowns.  We did, however, say in our guidance that the addition of those 2 new businesses to our former consolidated numbers, a former consolidated meeting Etsy plus Reverb, creates about a 300-basis point contraction to the bottom line. These are very new businesses. We've owned them for 2 weeks. Reverb's a perfect example of how we've been able to grow and optimize that business. We're super excited about it while we invest in them for growth.
Rachel Glaser: So, I think we gave pretty clear and transparent information on the impact of taking the rate from our subsidiary businesses. Because we said our total take rate for Etsy would have been 7 -- for our former consolidated businesses would have been 17.7% without them. And I believe we gave take rate specifically for Depop when we acquired them in about that 10% range, so that's a good number. And Elo7 today is very, very small, so it's not going to move the needle. So, I think you're safe in that assumption.
Rachel Glaser: The only thing I'd pile on to that with is that our new buyer growth on a trailing 12-month basis we said was 40 million, so it's a really huge number. And we've talked about on this call and internally about the pull-forward effect of -- we acquired so many new buyers in a short amount of time that we were actually pulling forward new buyers that at our old rate, we would have acquired in future years.  And just to remind you that you can only be a new buyer once. What we're seeing with new-buyer deceleration is 100% in line with what we expected, and we take -- we get excited and take great comfort from the fact that all of these buyers are coming to Etsy more often and shopping more frequently. The GMS per active buyer number up 22% in the quarter is super exciting to see.
Rachel Glaser: Okay. So, we're not giving any -- unfortunately, giving any guidance about what we're seeing in Q3 now. But, maybe, a simple way to answer your question is our guidance assumes that there are no further locked downs. So, of course, as we see what happens in the world, that may or may not change the forecast in the guidance that we've given.
Rachel Glaser: Sure. So, no, we are not contemplating a decrease in conversion rate in frequency. We're really excited about the product and marketing initiatives that we have that are actually driving growth in those metrics. And you can -- as we've talked about and answered a few other questions, there's a deceleration in new buyers, largely associated with masks. Remember that in Q3 of last year, 11% of GMS came from mask sales, and new buyers were a lot of the mask buyers.  So, those things go together. And that we have these really, really big numbers to comp. We said that non-mask sales in Q3 last year grew 119%, and we've roughly added $2 billion of GMS on a 2-year basis. So, these are really big -- big numbers to comp, and so it's mathematical gymnastics that we're doing, but with lots of underlying growth opportunities in the core business.
Rachel Glaser: I'll take that one. Depop has a great payment structure today. And so right now, each business has its own CEO, they have their own operations. We want them to run and fully optimize their businesses. We are thinking about, loosely, where we can find optimizations maybe in 3 categories. First are things that are back-office like G&A, where we don't necessarily need to replicate certain functions in every single business and we can handle those things from a corporate perspective.  Things like legal and finance and treasury and things like that. The second tier is things that we can operate as services across all of our brands. So, payments might be an example of that and we'll certainly explore that. There might be other things like member support, and trust, and safety. There might be other services like our ad network. And then there are things that we think need to be operated directly, and with innovation and creativity in those management teams, like product and engineering.  And so, we're just -- again, we've only owned them for 2 weeks. We will look -- we continually will look for opportunities to optimize and scale as we grow. Payments might be one of those areas and we'll be happy to talk to you more about it as we dig into it.
