Deb Wasser: Hi, everyone, and welcome to Etsy's Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Deb Wasser, VP of Investor Relations. Joining me today are Josh Silverman, CEO; Rachel Glaser, CFO; and Gabe Ratcliff, our Director of Investor Relations. Today's prepared remarks have been prerecorded. The slide deck has also been posted to our website for your reference. Once we are finished with Josh and Rachel's presentations, we will transition to a live video webcast Q&A session. Question can be submitted by the Q&A window chat displayed on your screen. Feel free to use it at any time, as it will remain open throughout the entire conference call. I'll be reading your questions and Gabe will help me try to get to as many as we can. Please keep in mind that our remarks today include forward-looking statements related to our future performance, including our financial guidance and key drivers thereof, the impact of COVID-19 on our communities business and strategy and the potential impact of our marketing and product initiatives. Words such as anticipate, continue, expect and will, as well as similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Our actual results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are mentioned in today's earnings release and which are more fully described in our quarterly report filed with the SEC on October 29, 2020, and in subsequent reports that we file with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on our beliefs and assumptions today and we undertake no obligation to update them. Also during the call, we'll present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release, which you can find on our IR website, along with a replay of this call. With that, I'll turn it over to Josh. 
Deb Wasser: Thanks both of you. This one -- next one I think connects the dots on some of that. It's from Ygal Arounian from Wedbush.
Deb Wasser: Okay. I know we're out of time, but I want to squeeze in one more. This one from Kunal Madhukar from Deutsche Bank.
Deb Wasser: Okay, great. With that, I think we're going to call it and we look forward to talking to everybody in the next weeks. Thank you all for your time and your attention and your interest in Etsy. Thank you so much.
Josh Silverman: Great. Thanks for the question. Yes, I mean 2020 is really the first time that Etsy has started to be personalized in a meaningful way. And you're right that we started with search. I think we're in very early innings. And you can think about personalization very narrowly as knowing, for example, how we've started, what things have you searched for in the past, what things have you favorited in the past, what have you bought in the past and using that to inform your search results. But taking the aperture out further having a deeper understanding of what that might imply of your sense of style and understanding things like what style are all of these 80-plus million items, what are other people who bought these also been interested in, what might complete the look of this. It might not be that item at all, but it might be other things that match with that item. These are all areas of personalization where we have not really even begun. And so I think we have a tremendous amount of opportunity still to go. What we have learned, which is not surprising to us or anyone is that, it is actually valuable. Even in our first launches in personalization, it makes the experience better. It makes conversion rate go up. We're very optimistic about what it can do. So if I think about personalization to your point of where else can you go search and discovery, which I would think of as a lean and you type in a query at Etsy and we give you a more personalized set of results is where we've started.  Lean back is another opportunity for personalization. So think what kinds of recommendations can we present to you, what kinds of things can we show you that would inspire you that you didn't even think to ask for, but we happen to know that other people like you are interested. And the other bucket that I think is very exciting is Offsite. When we are marketing to you being on Facebook or Google or elsewhere, the ability to know more about you and be even more personalized in terms of how we reach out to you is an opportunity that I think is large and will continue to get better and better overtime. 
Josh Silverman: Perfect. Okay, great. One of the wonderful things about a two-sided marketplace like Etsy is that it gets better as it gets bigger. There's a virtuous cycle that's turning. And so the growth in Etsy in our core international markets has been strong in the past, but was truly extraordinary in 2020. And if I look at the UK, in particular, which really had a breakout year; it does feel like that virtuous cycle just turned more and more. So, it appears to us that going from a top 20 e-commerce brand to a top 10 e-commerce brand appears to have a really positive impact on our business and going from top 10 to top five, has a really positive impact in terms of brand awareness in the market. And it makes sense because what's happening is we're bringing vibrancy. We're bringing more sellers with more items, so you can shop domestically more. And we're getting more buyers, which brings more sellers. So, part of what we're learning is what might be mechanisms where we can accelerate that brand awareness. How can we invest? There's a natural growth curve, which we ride, but how can we invest to make that happen even faster? You are seeing us do things like brand marketing in both the UK and in Germany. And as we always do with Etsy, we're very data-driven. We're very experiment-driven. And we're looking at what's that doing to our flywheel on both the demand and the supply side and how can we extrapolate that to think about ways to accelerate our growth even further in international.
Josh Silverman: Thanks for mentioning that, Rachel. I'm going to build on that because we've talked about the opportunity in Martech and how our Martech capabilities can continue to get better and better. We weren't using the most up-to-date APIs and data feeds with partners like Google and Facebook in some of our international markets. And so part of what we did in the latter half of 2020 is really update those data feeds, which allowed us to be even more precise in our performance marketing and get better ROI. So, a lot of things came together through 2020 that allowed us to really accelerate growth at a time when it really mattered, but there continues to be a really good pipeline of opportunity for us to get better in Martech for sure.
Josh Silverman: I'll start. And I think Rachel has given data and I think she can give some more. But we're really pleased by the fact that we are seeing cross-category purchase. And I think that's really encouraging. What we know is that almost anything you want to buy, you can buy on Etsy. Not consumer electronics. I mean there's a couple of -- not travel. There's a few things categories out there. But for the most part, things you need to buy and use you can find them on Etsy. And our consumers are learning that more and more. One data point that Rachel shared is that 50% of people who were mask-only buyers in the third quarter came back and bought a non-mask item in the fourth quarter, which we think is really encouraging. So, we do like what we see. And honestly, during this time of COVID, people have had fewer options. So, they've turned to Etsy more often and they're generally delighted by what they see in almost every category. They're going to find a really broad assortment of products. They're going to find that they're priced well. And getting something made just for you with a handwritten note is just a better way to shop. 
Josh Silverman: Sure. And let me see if I can remember it all. First in terms of what we're doing differently? It's hard for me to say because I have a lot more access to information about what Etsy does than what our competitors do. So I can talk about what we're doing. And honestly, I think, a big part of it is we stand for something different. There's a bunch of places you can go where you can buy the exact same thing as somewhere else. And maybe it's $0.02 cheaper and will arrive an hour faster. And that's not always what people are solving for. And so I think the fact that we own a space in e-commerce that I think is both different and important is meaningful. And, I think, that that means we have a real opportunity to grow share and continue to grow share over time. We're not following everyone else's playbook. And people are realizing more and more that Etsy is a different way to shop and I think a better way to shop very often. So that I think is the most important thing. We are firing on all cylinders as best we can. So I think our performance marketing team is doing great job. I think our brand marketing team is doing a great job. I think our product team has really been doing a lot of great work to ship great product improvements that make the customer experience better. One of the things -- one of the questions I get often is, sort of, in what inning are you or how much good stuff is left at Etsy. One of the things that I mentioned in my prepared remarks is that hit rate went up. That's a fancy way of saying that a higher percentage of things we shipped in the fourth quarter had a really positive impact on the customer experience than in prior quarters. That would not suggest that we are running out of runway rather that we're getting better and better at unpacking new opportunities as we go. So I think the team is executing really well against the business that's differentiated. That's strong. When -- there was another part of your question around category mix.
Josh Silverman: Largely the same in the fourth quarter. Not -- I don't think a lot to report there. In terms of home furnishings, let's talk about that one for a minute. Yes. Etsy is growing much faster than most players in home furnishings. And yet if you look at our total home furnishing sales versus the market for home furnishings, we are still a tiny part of the home furnishings market. And so I think there's an enormous amount of opportunity for Etsy to grow in home furnishings as with other categories. Your question about weddings. Weddings grew about -- is growing about 30% year-over-year, which I think is a testament to the perseverance and creativity of the human spirit. In this moment in time, if you're finding a way to get married and get your community together virtually or whatnot that's great. And so the fact that we're actually seeing weddings back to growing is a testament to our customers. But I hope that when people can get back together in person again we might see weddings and events grow even faster and that might be a tailwind for the business. 
Josh Silverman: $1.9 million for mittens and Bernie Sanders-related merchandise in the days following the inauguration. 
Josh Silverman: We are learning more about that. And we're learning more about how do we anticipate. So, for example, you can bid differently on -- if you see a brand-new buyer who you've not seen before, or someone who's maybe bought two times, but not for three years. We're starting to get much more nuanced about, particularly in performance marketing, how to bid differently for different customers that might have a different lifetime value. But we're also learning more about what it is that drives loyalty. And part of what a habitual buyers figured out is she sort of figured out the hacks of Etsy to get the most out of Etsy. For example, she's really good at knowing what keywords to type into a search engine to get the kinds of satisfying results that she wants. She might know for example how to describe her sense of style in the way that a merchandiser would speak. And a lot of people don't have that kind of vocabulary; don't have that kind of language. And so, when we talk about a big focus for 2021 and beyond being -- getting great search results when you don't know the words to describe it, I think, a lot of that is how do we create the kind of experience a habitual buyer has for other kinds of buyers, so they can see the wonder of Etsy in the way that habitual buyers do as well. I think there's a tremendous opportunity for us to make Etsy more accessible to more people, so they become habitual. 
Josh Silverman: I mean, I do feel good about our stewards of shareholder capital. I do feel good about the M&A that we've done in the past. If I look at Blackbird, which was a capabilities acquisition that made our machine learning -- search machine learning a lot better; if I look at the DaWanda relationship and deal that we did in Germany that made Germany stronger; and certainly Reverb, which is off to a great start and we're really pleased with how that team executed in 2020 and how that business is evolving. I think our track record is good on M&A. I also think we've been patient and picky. Our core business we think is at the early stages of having -- unpacking its growth potential and we want to make sure that we keep our eye on the prize. But I do think that as -- if we come across an acquisition that we think builds capability brings us into a new market or expands us into other categories, we think it's a great business and we think we can buy it at a fair price and then we can add value I think we'd be open minded.
Josh Silverman: Well, the good news is that they really work together. I get where you're coming from. And I would say they have both driven substantial value. I don't know if we've put enough tea leaves out there yet for you guys to like quantify it. But they have both been very meaningful drivers. And when we improve the product the most common thing that happens is conversion rate goes up. You can also drive AOV up. You can drive frequency up. There's a lot of ways that making the product better is visible to us and the metrics. One of the most -- the fastest-moving metric is usually conversion rate. And so when the product team does something to make conversion rate higher suddenly the marketing team can spend more for a visit, right? The lifetime value effectively of every visit has gone up. When the product experience gets better customer loyalty gets better. And that also allows us to market more. So there really is a virtuous circle to the two. But broadly speaking, I would say, they have both been very meaningful. It's not really lopsided where one is way bigger than the other. I will mention again something Rachel said in her prepared remarks, which is if you think about a squad one product squad focusing on a customer problem the traffic that that squad is working on now has suddenly doubled. So if they were able to get an increase in conversion rate of x, the value of that is now twice what it was in 2019. And so the leverage we're getting out of our product organization is extraordinary. And it speaks to the fact that we really want to be hiring, because I think there's a long road map of great initiatives and there's frankly too many things on the cutting room floor right now. So, it is a focus of ours to scale the team to keep up with the opportunity ahead of ours.
Josh Silverman: Yes. I would say that the growth rate in the U.K. was definitely impacted by lockdowns. The U.K. had some pretty strong lockdowns early in the spring and then again late in the year, and we definitely saw that on our site pretty strongly and pretty immediately. But the growth rate in the middle of 2020 in the U.K. was pretty good too when they eased lockdown. So the growth rate throughout the year was really good. But it was even stronger during lockdowns. I think that's a fair point. We did invest more in the U.K. and Germany. Frankly across our core European markets we invested more. Part of that was just building better Martech capabilities, as I mentioned getting those feeds to be better allowed us to invest more. We didn't change our discipline around ROI threshold. We just got better capabilities that allowed us to invest more and the timing was good, because it was a very moment when demand was skyrocketing throughout Europe. We are excited about the returns we're seeing in the higher funnel investments we're making in the U.K. and Germany. So you should expect us to continue to be investing in TV, for example, in the U.K. and Germany. And we're experimenting like we did with the U.S. we're experimenting with wow while spending that amount worked what if we spend more. How does that work? And what's that marginal return curve look like? And so you'll see us experiment with that quarter-to-quarter in both the U.K. and Germany I would expect in 2021.
Rachel Glaser: I don't have time to add. That was a perfect answer. I'd only add that with our -- we did invest more heavily in both the UK and Germany in the fourth quarter of this year not only in brand, but also in mid-funnel. So, we used – actually, the entire funnel we used a lot of our performance spend and some of that middle piece where we did social and we were able to capture more of the audience specific to those markets with a personalized message for them in those markets.
Rachel Glaser: So, I'll add just a couple of additional data points there. One that I really like is that two or more purchases -- the percentage of buyers that had two or more purchases in 2020 was 48%, that's up from 41% a year ago. And when you look at those -- that category of buyers that have two or more purchases, the average was five purchases. That was the first time we crossed five. So, they're coming back much more frequently. And then we've been - we talked about this last time as well, but the number of buyers that cross - make cross-category purchases was 17% in 2020. So, that's buyers that came four -- four or more purchases across two or more categories. And so we're really seeing people exploring. I love the metric that Josh just threw out there too about the non-mask buyers coming back another time. And that really shows that the new buyers that we've obtained and the ones that we've reactivated are really exploring Etsy and understand the breadth of product that we have.
Rachel Glaser: I was just going to add an anecdote that, if people were watching the inauguration Bernie Sanders was featured wearing some mittens. And those mittens forgetting the exact amount were a blowout sale for that day or the day surrounding that on Etsy site. So people are -- and we saw the same, sort of, thing with the unfortunate passing of Ruth Bader Ginsburg where all of a sudden we were selling out of Ruth Bader Ginsburg merchandise. People are beginning to know that you can come to Etsy for anything and everything not just the cushion on the couch, but the couch itself and you're seeing that in the category growth that we -- the numbers that we put out in our prepared remarks. 
Rachel Glaser: So, you correctly cited those metrics, but the question was, what is our -- what are the aspirational targets for that. So, of course, we've only given you guidance for Q1 and we didn't guide on either of those metrics in particular. One thing I'll point out is that, we're growing the entire pie, so not just our paid marketing. We still have a lot of heart for investment in our organic traffic. So we invest in SEO. We invest in brand marketing. We're really investing in top-of-mind awareness. So if I give you an aspiration for percentage that is chargeable or a percentage that is paid, you would be forgetting the denominator, because we're growing. It's not a zero-sum game. We're growing both of those metrics considerably. We are opening up new channels for our Offsite Ads. We just announced, I think, yesterday that we have opened up some of our affiliate channels. So our sellers will now be able to have their products listed on many, many more sites than just the big ones Google and Facebook. And so, that's exciting for them and we want to help them put their marketing dollars to work in the highest ROI positive ways that we can, so that we'll continue to optimize those channels. But we're just working the full funnel at all times.
Rachel Glaser: Right. And I would just only add, so search is certainly a super important part of getting the repeat frequency and the confidence and the trust in Etsy that you're going to be able to easily find wonderful things. The other one has been what we've been talking about with our post-purchase experience that you have trust that you're going to get your item in time for the purpose of buying the item and you'll get it -- you'll be able to -- you'll know what to do if you need to return it. And you're going to get it at a cost that is not egregious. And all of those things we've been working on with considerable effort. And we -- Josh talked about them as a big focus area for 2021, but the investments and the progress we've made even in 2020 had a real impact on sort of the trust factor that we have with our buyers coming back to Etsy again and again.
Rachel Glaser: And I would just add just one or two more comments on. Just a reminder on the way that we forecast and build our plans for our business is that we start with our baseline. So what would happen if we all just went home? And so there is some number there that our cohorts -- our older cohorts are very strong. They come -- and they're very reliable. They come back year after year after year and that's the baseline. And then from there we build on what is going to come to us incrementally through marketing and what we expect might come to us incrementally through product. So you're asking the exact right question, how much is each of those incremental buckets? And I agree with Josh 100% that they work together. But the things that we're working on also are to bring back new buyers. So we added a significant number of new buyers, which doubled in the year. We are reactivating those older cohorts. So maybe cohorts that don't come even once a year. We've reactivated those. And then we're working on the frequency of all of those groups to how often they come back. So we've been able to move the levers on all of those things through the one, two punch of both product and marketing. Once they come to the site, we want to convert them and the product really does the heavy lifting of converting them and having them repeat that experience again.
