Chad Dickerson: Thanks, Kristina. Since this is your last call at Etsy, I want to sincerely thank you for your immense contributions over the past four years. I really appreciate it. Many of you know that Kristina has not only served as a trusted partner to me, but to many leaders here at Etsy. And we will certainly miss her, but I can't wait to see what she will be doing next. In terms of recruiting her successor, we’ve been actively betting and speaking with candidates over the past several months. And I'm confident that through this process we will identify the right person to help lead Etsy's next phase of growth and advance our mission. I look forward to providing further updates in the near future. Over the past several months, Kristina, the rest of the management team, and I’ve been working closely with the finance and accounting teams to ensure a smooth and seamless transition upon Kristina's departure next month. We’ve a deep bench of senior talent across the organization and I'm confident that we won't miss a beat. With that, I'd like to open the call-up for Q&A.
Chad Dickerson: Sure. I will start with Etsy Studio. I think the first thing that’s important to understand we're really excited about the market opportunity and again $44 billion adjustable market, a lot of that is actually on or offline. When we look at that against all the other categories on Etsy, it's important to understand that no single category on Etsy is more than single digits in terms of the percent of sales. So craft has been an important category in Etsy, but we really believe that launching Etsy Studio will give us the opportunity to attract a whole new set of buyers and a whole new set of sellers to really expand the opportunity there. So we're super excited about that. On multi-shop, it is too early to comment, but I think the important thing to note is I would point you back to what we said about our success in conversion rate improvements over the past five quarters. We believe that things like multi-shop are incredibly important in making it easier for our buyers to transact on Etsy. So it's just part of our overall plan to improve the buying experience.
Chad Dickerson: And in terms of continue to narrow the mobile gap, just to review really quickly our highest converting environment is the mobile app, followed by desktop and then mobile web. As I mentioned, over the last five quarters we’ve improved conversion across all platforms. So we feel really, really good about that. So we continue to grow app, mobile web, and desktop and we do drive people from mobile web and through the app environment. But I think for operating in a world where we’ve to improve on all three at all times. So I think the [indiscernible] we've been doing a great job, improving conversion across all those channel.
Chad Dickerson: Sure. First on Etsy Studio, we’re bringing 8 million unique items into the marketplace from Etsy and we’ve a network of sellers today who are selling craft supply, so that’s really our focus out of the gate. In terms of Pattern and social networks, we're really always looking at social network activity and where our sellers are living in advertising promoted, so that’s something that we keep an eye on, but we don’t have any specific plans to announce.
Chad Dickerson: I just want to -- I wanted to add and reemphasize what I said in my remarks. Etsy Studio is really built on all the platform investments that we’ve been making over the past 12 years. So direct checkout, shipping labels, search all of those things are baked in and as Kristina said it's not a material investment in that term.
Chad Dickerson: And on the second question about categories, I think the important thing to understand is, as I was saying a bit earlier, we've made a lot of investments in platform over the years, and Etsy Studio really represents our first category market. And as I said earlier, we were able to leverage all of the platform investments that build that market really quickly. So I think as a Company, we’re really well positioned with Etsy Studio, but also to be nimble potentially with other opportunities in the future.
Kristina Salen: So, Heath, just a clarifying point and I’m happy to go through the math in more detail, but at the midpoint there it does not imply a reacceleration in our GMS growth. And just to use this as a reminder for what our guidance -- the purpose of our guidance here is when we launched guidance in 2016 it was the first year that we get it and we launched guidance to really underscore the opportunity in our core business. And what we've said in 2016, it was repeated again in 2017 is that our guidance only includes a very modest contribution from new services like Pattern as Chad said in his remarks, even that Etsy Studio is not expected to contribute GMS or revenue in 2017. And so, there is nothing to read into our guidance other than this -- a great opportunity in our core business, a predictability of that growth rate and the baseline for what we think we can do in 2017 and 2018.
Kristina Salen: I can take the last question first and then I will pass it over to Chad to talk about our strategy to narrow the gap, with the mobile gap. The quick answer is no, and I'm glad that you highlighted the gift card revenue benefit that we achieved in the first quarter, and I'd also add that there was one other benefit that we achieved in the third quarter as it related to a one-time payment from a third-party payment processor. Although these things we've said are margin on our reported market and adjusted EBITDA margin in 2016, by approximately one percentage point. And Chad, do you want to talk about our mobile gap strategy.
Kristina Salen: So what we said in the past is we are really excited about the accomplishment in the U.K of 50% of GMS in that market is domestic, making us a truly local player in the U.K. What we've also said is the strategies that we applied in order to do that in U.K., we started those the earliest in 2013 and we were able to take the U.K from call it a high teens domestic market to U.S 50% plus domestic market in roughly four years. That being said, the market that’s closer to the U.K is Australia, it's still behind however -- its roughly 30% and so we still have ways to go in our other -- our four other key focus countries outside the United States. But we're seeing really strong growth in domestic GMS coming from those countries which is why see the 40% plus growth in what we call international domestic, which is international GMS between buyers and sellers in the same country. So we’re just very excited with what we've seen. We’re continuing to apply what works in the U.K into the other focus countries and we're continuing to see results.
Kristina Salen: It's important to note few of the other buckets of operating expense that we have with regard to product development and G&A. As you know, our product development this past year has been impacted in 2016 and in 2017 will be impacted by the acquisition of Blackbird Technologies and the associated employee related expenses. And G&A has been impacted not only by the new headquarters here in Brooklyn, but also by increased professional services spend mostly related to Sarbanes-Oxley, which you'll see in our 10-K, our disclosure around our Sarbanes-Oxley compliance which is something that the finance team and the engineering teams have worked very hard to accomplished this year. So those expenses will taper off as well with regard to all of it though it's that revenue growth and when you look at our highest mentor [ph] margin revenue growth that’s embedded in our guidance combined with gross margin roughly in the mid 60s, there is an opportunity to continue to spend and grow our spend in a number of different ways whether its marketing or G&A or product development and still are paying significant leverage from where we’re today.
Kristina Salen: I will take promoted listings and then Chad can answer the categories question. It's important to remember that promoted listings sold out every single quarter, every single week. And so we're still seeing significant revenue growth from promoted listings. As I said in my prepared remarks, promoted listings revenue growth exceed markets revenue growth, so there are still significant demand from our sellers who used promoted listings to use it. So, what we’re focused on is making sure that promoted listings continue to provide that high ROI positive experience for our sellers, number one. And then number two, create new marketing services and tools, Google Shopping as an example which we highlighted that serve a broader spectrum of our sellers. Promoted listings is for sellers who can handle high-volume and that doesn't represent the majority of our sellers. So we are really pleased with the performance of promoted listings, including the penetration and we're really excited about the new opportunities that we have in marketing services overall.
