Debra Wasser: Hi, everyone, and welcome to Etsy's Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Deb Wasser, VP of Investor Relations. Joining me today are Josh Silverman, CEO; Rachel Glaser, CFO; and Jessica Schmidt, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Today's prepared remarks have been prerecorded. Once we are finished with Josh and Rachel's presentations, we will transition to a live video webcast Q&A session. Questions can be submitted via the Q&A chat window displayed on your screen. I'll be reading your questions, and I'll try to get to as many as we can. Please keep in mind that our remarks today include forward-looking statements related to our financial guidance, our business and our operating results as noted in the slide deck posted to our website for your reference. Our actual results may differ materially. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are described in today's earnings release and our most recent Form 10-Q and which will be updated in future periodic reports that we file with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on our beliefs and assumptions today, and we disclaim any obligation to update them. Also during the call, we'll present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, which are reconciled to GAAP financial measures in today's earnings press release posted to our IR website, along with the replay of this call. With that, I'll turn it over to Josh.
Debra Wasser: Great. Thanks, both of you. I'm going to start this next one with Rachel, just to give us some stats, and then I'll turn it to Josh a little bit as well. From Lee Horowitz at Deutsche Bank. Now that we are through what is presumably the last COVID comp, should the expectation be that habitual buyers can grow from here? And what do you see as the key areas of product improvement in 2023 that you expect to drive cross-category shopping in habitual buyer growth? Maybe, Rachel, you want to start by just kind of reiterating what we said about habitual buyers.
Debra Wasser: Okay. Great, Josh. Thanks. Planning a wedding for my daughter, so all the collections are happening right now. I'm going to go to Rachel. We got a question from Kunal Madhukar from Deutsche -- UBS, sorry. I want to make sure we clarify something we said on our prerecorded remarks, so this is going to be for Rachel. As you look for teams GMS growth in the second half, how much of that will come from growth in buyer count versus growth and spend per buyer. So I think we want to clarify what we actually said about the second half.
Debra Wasser: Great. Thanks, Josh. I'm going to move to a question from Rick Patel at Raymond James, concerning our subsidiaries starting with Josh and then Rachel will come back to you afterwards. Can you expand on the most recent developments, Josh, for Reverb and Depop? And though Elo7, he didn't ask about it, and maybe touch on some new initiatives there. And then, Rachel, circle back with the profit question.
Debra Wasser: Great. Thanks, Josh. And with that, I'm going to call it. We look forward to seeing everyone on the road back in real life out there soon. Thank you all for joining us.
Josh Silverman: Great questions. Thanks very much. So as you said, investing in search and discovery is a very, very core part of Etsy's present and our future with over 120 million or about 120 million live listings. Getting you to the good stuff is really important. Looking back at just 2022, the search team launched about 120 developments that were ramped up, meaning experiments that worked that we ramped up. And the -- some examples of those included Etsy Lens, as you referenced; better neural models; XWalk. And when we think about what those did, Etsy Lens is an example of something that allows you to talk with pictures instead of talking with words. So how do you tell the search engine what you want in really new and novel ways? XWalk helps you to process massive amounts of information, and neuro models help you to make sense of what people mean not what they say. And in fact, the neuro models we're using use the same kind of underlying algorithms that ChatGPT uses. So we're already using some of the underlying technologies that you're seeing from great innovators like Open AI, and it's having great impact. By the way, the search team is also doing more prosaic things that are having a lot of impact. For example, search results are now getting good enough that we could put a Buy button right on search results and allow people to buy directly from search results without having to go all the way to listing page, and that's been a great collaboration of our team to figure out exactly what information you need on the search results page in order to give someone the confidence to buy. So we made a ton of progress in 2022 in ways that improve the customer experience and drove the bottom line. We're really excited about our road map in 2023 and beyond. And I would say that similarly figuring out more novel ways to talk to our search engine, to tell it what you want, so multimodal search through maybe pictures and words, is going to be very important. Show me things of the following style that would match well with this couch. And so those kinds of things, I think open up a huge opportunity for Etsy. Having multiple objective functions has been very helpful. How do I do something which drives conversion rate but also drives repeat visit rate? Those two actually might not be the same in terms of search results. So training our models to solve for more than one thing at one time. Something I'm particularly interested in is how can we get better at quality. Everyone has their own view of what great looks like and what a really good item on Etsy looks like. So how can we start to better anticipate what's right for you? How can we get more personalized so that you see only the best of Etsy as according to you? We have a great road map, and I'm really excited about the work that the team is doing. To your specific question of could we see some kind of chat-like interface, very possibly, yes. I would say that we are constantly testing what's on the frontier. And if it makes our experience better and it does it in a way that's profitable, we're going to do it. One other thing I just want to say is every time that search team develops a new model, a new algorithm, we look at how much extra processing power has it used. And therefore, how much extra cost has it added? And how much does it improve conversion rate and the lifetime value of the buyers? And is that profitable to ramp-up? And we only ramp-up things where the benefit it adds is greater than the cost. Lastly, on your question about Etsy Lens, it's very early days. We're pretty subtle in terms of where we promote it in the search bar because we're just trying to learn how do people use it and make sure that the search result quality that we get is really good. But it's -- I'm very excited by the early results we're seeing, and I think there's a big future in the opportunity to talk in pictures and not just in words. And while we're on that topic, I think there's a lot of opportunities. One for Generative AI. One is in search, no doubt. You might see it in the seller experience and making it easier for sellers to make listings. You might see it in the member services experience and having a better opportunity to get customer support. Our developers may be able to use it to make themselves more productive. So there's lots of opportunity. We have a working group looking at all of it. There's also a lot of potentially adverse consequences. We're of course, also concerned about that. So we're going to be thoughtful. We're going to test our way in, but I'm optimistic that all of these new technologies open up new possibilities to make our experience better for our customers.
Josh Silverman: Thanks a lot for the question. I appreciate it. First, let me say that Etsy is about special. It's about things that are made by hand or vintage items, and so you're absolutely right that it is not what buyers think of for mass-produced items. I also want to state very definitively that trust is the bedrock of our marketplace, and there's no place for counterfeit items in our marketplace. And we work very hard and invest very hard to make sure that we have a clean and safe marketplace. I think we have more skin in the game than most in terms of having trust as the bedrock of our brand because our sellers are five million independent largely unbranded sellers. And so they rely on Etsy to be a trusted brand to lift them up, which is why we invest so much in this space. Branded items make up a very small and not growing portion of Etsy's traffic and sales. So let me be even more specific about that. When we look at -- we looked at over 800 of the most popular brands in our ecosystem, and we saw that those brands were referenced in low single-digit numbers of our search queries and our sales. I also want to be clear about the fact that the fact that they were referenced in a search by no means, means that they're IP violations. There are many legitimate reasons why a brand might be referenced in a search. It may be a vintage item. It may be fair use, and the questions you were asking were all questions about fair use. If you use a logo on a beanie, is that legit or not? The answer is it's complicated, and it comes to something called fair use, that's very difficult to adjudicate. The seller might actually have a license to that brand. They may be referencing. It is fair, for example, to reference that this item is an accessory that would fit. Like this is a handmade phone case that would be compatible with the following branded phone. Or it's legitimate to alter an item, for example, to monogram an item or to take a pair of jeans and paint something hand-painted on that. All of those are legitimate uses. So, we believe that many of the times that an item or a search reference is a brand, it is actually legitimate and not violating. That said, we care a lot about making sure that anything that is violating we get off the site. In fact, we invested more than $50 million in 2022 alone on trust and safety efforts, working closely with brands to make sure that it's very easy to identify, report and then we will take down anything that is a violation. One example, we launched a rights holders portal that makes it very easy for rights holders to register, do searches and report to us anything that's violating so that we can work even more closely with them taking our items down. We're also very transparent in this area. So, we've published a transparency report each year, and I would encourage you to go take a look at that, where we talk about the number of reports that we see in our takedown efforts. So we take this very seriously. We care a lot about having a clean and well-lighted store, and we're very proud of our efforts in this space.
Josh Silverman: Yes. Just that when we look at the opportunity in frequency, when we ask people, do you intend to come back soon, and for the people who say they don't intend to come back soon, why not? Etsy has my back is a leading indicator, where they aren't confident that Etsy will have their back. And so that's why we think that leaning into trust is so important. We're really proud of the fact that, as Rachel said, Etsy Purchase Protection is coming in right around our cost estimates, maybe even a little less. And that suggests that our sellers are doing a great job. They are shipping on time. The item is as described. It is arriving not damaged to the vast majority of the time. So we don't have as many chances to prove that we have your back because of the fact that sellers are generally doing a great job. But the fact that the time to fix an issue has gone down so dramatically just in the past few months as a result of the Etsy Purchase Protection Program, we think is really powerful. We've gone from days to hours in terms of how long it takes to resolve an issue. And as a customer, that's a great experience. You have an issue, you contact customer support. And in the first contact, it's resolved, we give you a refund, and you move on. We think that over time, it's not like that's a light switch that flips and suddenly your brand is perceived differently. But the next day, you go to coffee with your friends and you say, "Look, what happened to me, it was a great experience on Etsy." And over time, you build that brand. So, we're very excited about the early performance of the purchase protection and want to keep investing in having our customers back, both buyers and sellers because we think it's really important.
Josh Silverman: Work. Yes, it's a big focus of ours, and so the team is working on it in a couple of ways. Let me start with the product experience, and then I can talk about the marketing experience. In the product experience, we want to make it easy for you to pick up a thread when you're in the middle of a mission and then easy to start a new mission when you're done with the mission that you're on. And so starting to understand an intuit, are you trying to complete a mission or start a new one is one path of work the team is working on. And then when we think about completing a mission, some of the work we talked about in the call about collections is a good example, where when you're on Etsy, you're thinking, well, maybe I want this or maybe I want that. Maybe you're planning a wedding, what are different ways I could set the table? So, you might put all of those into one collection. What are some bridal gowns I might use? You might put that into a different collection. That, by the way, tells us a lot about you that's very interesting. And now you've curated collections that some other buyer might also find very useful. So you've laid breadcrumbs to make it easy for you to come back and you've made it easier for us to get to know you better and in getting to know you better to become more personalized and to serve other customers as well. And then picking up the next mission is where things like recommendation algorithms get very important and where our better understanding of things like style and taste concepts that were very difficult to understand, even using just technology five years ago that are suddenly getting much, much easier to understand, that's where I think the cutting edge is. And we're very optimistic that we can continue to do a much better job understanding your tastes, understanding what our inventory is and matching you with good recommendations. We continue to do a good job with singles and nudges as well that continues to be a fruitful area for what are nudges we'd give you, for example, badges in the app, that would be a worthwhile reason to want to come back. Something you added to a collection might have just gone on sale, for example, or a seller or something you added to a collection might have just put something new in her shop. So these are all different things we're doing on the site itself. Off the site, we're getting better and better at targeted marketing. So broad scale, we're launching a new television campaign in the next week or two, and you're going to see us really talk about home, fashion and gifting very explicitly. Etsy is a place to come for home, fashion and gifting. That's not exhaustive. Etsy is about -- even though those are very, very big categories and opportunities, Etsy is about so much more than even those, but trying to plant very specific associations in the minds of the consumer about when they should be thinking about Etsy. Because we know that broad scale, they have a lot of love for the Etsy brand on average. But over the course of the day when a shopping mission comes up, they don't always associate it with Etsy. So that breadcrumb, creating that clear association is very important. CLC, this most recent campaign really leaned into those three purchase occasions, very specifically to try to build that habit. And then we're getting even better with things like PLA, with things like SEM non-brand. We're actually seeing some really interesting progress right now with what we call mid-funnel video, for example, YouTube videos of being able to understand who are customers that we might have interacted with before and what's going on in their life. Maybe they're having a wedding, and this would be a good time to show them advertisements about the kinds of wedding offerings that we have. So there's a lot of off-site marketing we're doing as well that I'm very excited about in terms of what that can do to get people who already like us to want to think of us more often and come back more often.
Josh Silverman: Yes. Thanks for the question. So we're proud of our marketing efforts, and we think bringing new buyers to the site, the team did a really good job in the fourth quarter, both in the U.S. and in international. We continue to make gains in the U.S. And we talked about, for example, increasing male buyer penetration and investing more in different channels to do that. We talked about NFL ads in a recent call. We're also doing a better and better job in our marketing on Google and Facebook to be able to speak to male audiences in a more personalized way, and we're seeing that really pay off. And then internationally, we've been fertilizing some of those fields, and we're starting to see really great results from that. So we've talked about the U.K. a lot. Germany was a great performer in 2022. And in both of those markets now, we have greater than 70% of purchases come from sellers in the same market. So we've got a really vibrant two-sided marketplace. And now in both the U.K. and Germany, we're a top 10 e-commerce site. That's the result of investing for a number of years to lay that foundation. So we're really excited in some of the other core markets we have now and how we can see growth there to continue to bring new buyers onto Etsy as we also continue to invest in the U.S.
Josh Silverman: Sure. So let's see, starting with Reverb. Reverb appears to be gaining share versus the musical instrument market, broadly speaking, over time. We feel really good about that. They have a brand that's highly differentiated in the space. Some of the things that they've been working on recently that I think are really cool is partnering directly with brands, so that those brands are launching limited-edition exclusives on the Reverb site. That's really exciting. It can be a channel for the brands over time, and it gives you a reason to want to go to Reverb because there's a lot of only on Reverb kinds of things or opportunities for brands to move inventory that didn't sell at really deep discounts. So for those of you who are musicians, keep an eye on Reverb because there's a lot of cool stuff going on there. Another insight that they've had is that not all of the inventory is priced right because we saw so much inflation through 2021, and supply chain is backing up, and now prices have settled back down again for many items. And sellers may not have gotten the memo, and so they may have items that are priced for what looked like an attractive price nine months ago that looks very expensive today. And so they're doing a lot on value right now. How do we help coach sellers for what the current price looks like? That's the kind of thing that's really cool that's hard for Etsy to do because we don't have catalog of things for sale that all have SKU numbers. But at Reverb, they do, and they can do more of what is the current market price and help sellers make good decisions there. So that's very exciting. At Depop, first, Kruti and the team have done a really good job of accelerating product velocity with using a lot more data to determine which parts of what they're launching are working. So that's really core to the Etsy playbook. We talked about this in our prepared remarks. Having the team broken down into small squads that each work very independently and very urgently to fix a customer problem and measure every launch they do is that actually making the customer experience better in a way that's driving more GMS. So we've been successfully installing that playbook, and velocity of the team at Depop is up substantially. Similar to Reverb, actually, affordability is a big area that they are working on and making sure that sellers are selling items at prices that feel good to buyers. The competitive landscape for Depop is more challenging. Right now, there is a lot of competition in the recycled clothing market. And the U.K. economy has been a headwind. It's no secret that the things are tougher and discretionary spending in the U.K. economy is tight. So those have been headwinds for Depop. But they are, I think, focused on exactly the right things. With making sure the customer experience continues to be world-class, making sure the brand continues to be a leading brand. Investing also in the U.S. where we're a huge market opportunity, much earlier for Depop, where we see some encouraging trends. And that team will keep focused as we do with all of our brands on profitable growth, doing things that drive profitable growth. And last but not least, Elo7. Elo7 is more weighted to events and activities than the other Etsy brands. So for example, having pinatas or having birthday parties or weddings, things like that. And so as they come through COVID in Brazil, we think that's going to provide tailwinds for them to continue driving the Elo7 business in Brazil.
Josh Silverman: Yes. We are really excited about the Indian market. It has a wonderful history of artisanship, craftsmanship, handmade, very aligned with the culture of India; and also the priorities of the government, which we think is great. Our ability to lift up and support Indian sellers in their own market, we think is something that we're very well aligned on, all of us together. We have about 120,000 sellers now in India with about five million live listings, so we think that's a really encouraging start. And the big asset we bring is the opportunity for the sellers to export to other markets in a very affordable way. For $0.20, you can open a store in India and sell to the world, and so that's how we've been able to get a good number of sellers and listings. Now we are building the belt-and-suspenders to allow for a buyer experience in India as well. And that requires shipping providers, that requires payments infrastructure. Making sure that we have all the right trust and safety, infrastructure for the Indian culture in the Indian market. And so that's the investment we've been making and the work that we've been doing. We're encouraged by the progress that we're making, and we're very excited about the future. I do want to say we want to invest in India in a sustainable way, and so making sure that we do it in a way that supports organic growth over time and doesn't just flood the market with a lot of investment that either succeeds or fails in a short amount of time. And then if it doesn't work, we pull out with our tail between our legs. How do we sort of bit by bit, step by step invest organically in the market in a way that is very sustainable over the long-term and builds a great market? So we're excited about that. We think we have a lot to offer to the Indian market and excited by the progress we've made.
Rachel Glaser: Hi, Laura, thank you for the question. So, we've said in the past that we expected Etsy Purchase Protection to be about a $25 million expense on an annualized basis. We launched Etsy Purchase Protection in early August. So Q4 was our first full quarter of that $25 million that is -- so it's a small portion of the $25 million. We're trending well within that envelope that we had previously quoted. The -- it's really early days yet to see how much GMS lift this might ultimately have, how much increase in trust that this initiative might have. We're not promoting it separately to a large extent. We're promoting it is on checkout. There is a reference there, and that comes to us at no extra cost. So, I feel -- we feel good about the cost. We didn't break out any margin impact, specifically, but I'm giving you a range of magnitude on the impact to our P&L.
Rachel Glaser: Yes, so what we said on the call was that habitual buyers is about 8% of our total buyers represents 40% of our GMS. Actually, for the full-year of 2022, it represented 44% of our GMS. And just as a reminder, habitual buyers are those buyers that come six or more times a year and spend $200 or more in a year. It was a little bit of a step-down, but those buyers are not churning out. They're actually becoming repeat buyers, and I think they follow the same trend line as all of the other headwinds we might experience during reopening, during recession, periods of time where consumers have less discretionary spend. And so it's very reasonable that we'd see some step-down from that. These numbers are significantly higher than they were pre-pandemic when habituals represented only about 5% of our total GMS.
Rachel Glaser: Yes, so first of all, we didn't give guidance for the full-year. So we always -- we've been very cautiously, during unpredictable times, giving one quarter at a time. but we do like to give some sort of tea leaves or some suggestions of what -- how to think about in the second half. And so this time, what we said was -- I'm going to quote another CFO, who said on a call last quarter or the quarter before that, time heals all the lapping. And you would expect that time would heal all the lapping, if not for what we're seeing is pretty volatile headwinds right now from reopening, from constrained consumer balance sheets from inflationary pressures and that what we're seeing is some what I call characterized as choppy waters. And so that volatility or headwind may actually negate what we would say could be growth in the teens if not -- just because of the lapping, if not for this headwind that we're getting from the sort of exogenous factors.
Rachel Glaser: Yes. Just -- I think the second part of the question was just on getting profitability through those subsidiaries. And first, I just want to remind you that the subsidiaries are 12% or less of our total GMS. So they're very, very small. Reverb is just at about hovering around breakeven. Elo7 is not yet profitable, but they're also too tiny to matter or make any kind of material impact to our overall margins. And Depop, we're investing for growth. It would be really the wrong thing to do to starve them at this point. But I will also say, even if they were all three breakeven or better, they would still be dilutive to our margins at this point just because they're all subscale, and so their margins would be lower. And when you factor that into Etsy's very high margins, it just brings them down by a bit.
