Debra Wasser: Please keep in mind that our remarks today are concludes forward-looking statements related to our financial guidance and key drivers thereof. The uncertainty impacts the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic or its eventual abatement may have on our communities, business, strategy, or operating results.  The potential impact of our strategic marketing and product initiatives, our ability to integrate and benefit from our acquisitions of Depop and Elo7, and their impact on our market opportunity, and on our future consolidated financial results. And the anticipated return on our investments and their ability to drive growth. Our actual results may differ materially. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which are described in today's earnings release, and our 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5th 2021, and which will be updated in any future periodic reports we file with the SEC.  Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on our beliefs and assumptions today, and we disclaim any obligation to update them. Also, during the call, we'll present both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of non-GAAP to GAAP measures is included in today's earnings press release, which you can find on our IR website, along with the replay of this call. With that, I'll turn it over to Josh.
Debra Wasser: Great. Moving on, I got a question from Nick Jones at Citi. Last 12-month GMS per Active Buyer continues to increase. How should we think about how high December can get? Is a reasonable frequency level once per quarter or once per month? How are you thinking about habitual buyer growth from here? Rachel, let's start with you on that one.
Debra Wasser: Great. Next one is from the [Indiscernible] from Wedbush. Can you discuss more on the app strategy? How much more room is that a growth to that channel? And how does it -- how does it help drive frequency and growth on habitual buyers, Josh, you want to start with that one.
Debra Wasser: Okay, great. The next one is from Ed Yruma of KeyBanc. You have historically had a Q4 that ends early at Etsy compared to other retailers. How do you feel about your ability to extend the holiday season [Indiscernible] this year? Josh, have at that one.
Debra Wasser: I know we're at time, but we have a few more that I want to try to squeeze in here. First one is from John Clatoni (ph.) from Jefferies. It's truly about the Star Seller program, and how do we think that that could drive frequency? Yes. I'll just -- questions a lot longer, but also stuff it.
Debra Wasser: Great. Thanks, Josh, we are over time, so I'm going to cut it there. If anybody has any questions, you know where to find us. Thank you all so much, and we will talk to you the other Quarter. Have a happy holiday everyone.
Joshua Silverman: Thanks Deb and thanks to all of you who asked that. I think one of the most popular question on the earnings call award. We feel great about our Q4 guide. And let me start with, as Rachel said, we're off to a strong start in October and we feel great about that. Let's remember what we're comping. Last year we had a really solid October followed by a blow the doors out, November and December. And if we go back and remember why it was a tragic reason COVID cases were spiking dramatically.  There were lockdown orders going in place in many parts of the country. Hospitals were overflowing. And as a result, people were largely trapped at home and had very few places for where to shop. And so, many people turn to Etsy, often for the first time with the lack of a lot of other options. And so, November and December last year were remarkable, and as a result, we delivered a fourth quarter at Etsy of a 111%, we're lapping a 111%, vastly outstripping most of the e-commerce.  We're off to a strong start in October, we feel great about that. The comps get a lot harder in November and in December, what we've found is that looking at our growth rate relative to 2019 is the most helpful way to look at our growth rate. Because 2020 was so volatile with so many external factors. And so, if you look at the midpoint of our guidance, what we forecasted is that Q4 is absolutely stable to Q3. And we think that's great news. In a world where there is so much more choice, where people are moving about largely freely, where hopefully COVID cases continue to decline. And people are moving about and shopping wherever they want.  They continue to choose to come back to Etsy again and again. And in fact, we're growing meaningfully over those remarkable comps from last year. So, we feel really good about the fourth quarter. Could it come in stronger even than what we've guided to? Absolutely. Could turn out that people are spending more that they're turning to Etsy, more and more than the trends we saw in October could continue in November and December. Could have turned out that October was a pull forward of the holiday. And a lot of people are spending much earlier in the holiday and November and December will turn out to be weaker months for e-commerce generally. Yes, that's possible.  We live in a world of unknown. We're giving you the best guidance we have with the information that we have. And our main focus is to make sure that our customer our buyers and our sellers have a really good experience this quarter. So that's what's under our control and that's what we're focused on it. And again, I'm so delighted that so many people had such a great experience on Etsy back when they had relatively few choices that now that they have a ton of choices, they're choosing to come back to Etsy even more often. And I think that's incredibly encouraging.
Joshua Silverman: Yes, digital marketing has continued to be very effective. Performance market has continued to be very effective for us. I know that there's a lot of discussion about CPCs going up a lot over the marketplace and other people's margins being under pressure with that. Etsy is so long tailed, that we have felt a lot less of that than others. So, we continue to see very strong returns from performance marketing. In terms of IDFA, I would describe that as a future opportunity costs to Etsy more than a present headwind. So really where IDFA is challenging is at least for us and I think for many others, for paid app marketing efforts. It's hard to tell when you spend money to market your app, how effective that performance marketing is.  And truthfully, we've not been paying to market our app, so it's not a present headwind now, maybe we should be paying to market our App. Maybe that's something that would help us to grow even faster. We've talked about our earned efforts to market our app meeting through our own channels, through our free channels, we've been seeing great success marketing our app. So IDFA might be a headwind to the opportunity for us to be investing even more to market our app. But it hasn't been a material headwind to our present performance.
Joshua Silverman: What did I just pile on there, as you pull back and look over the long-term buyers, it looks like our consolidating their shopping behavior around fewer and fewer places. And most of those places are playing the same playbook. They're going to try to sell you commoditized products that are cheaper to buy and arrive faster. And the more people consolidate their purchases there, the more they're going to create an alternative.  And if Etsy is the leading alternative to commoditize commerce, and I think we're better positioned than others. I personally believe we're as well-positioned as any to be the leading alternative to that commoditized habit you go to all the time. I think that's a huge opportunity. And when you look at GMS per active buyer at only a $130 per year. It doesn't take much to believe that that can go up substantially.
Joshua Silverman: And just to follow on that one to the take great being a little software typically on Etsy in the fourth quarter is what I would classify as a high-class problem. Transaction rates are based on purchases and advertising is based on views. And because conversion rate historically goes up in the fourth quarter, GMS grows faster than views.  So, our sellers are happy to advertise. They're putting in a budget to advertise in their -- that's not the constraint. It's simply that GMS grows even faster than views which is another way of saying conversion rate is strong in the fourth quarter, which means buyers are finding what they like, which is going to be historic.
Joshua Silverman: Absolutely. So, the priorities across the new subsidiaries look a lot like the priorities in Etsy. So, they're very much focused on increasing conversion rate through a better customer experience, and there's a lot of opportunities that Etsy has to help them. So, we're working closely with them looking at, for example, their search technology to figure out how we can deliver more relevant search experiences, and things that streamline the path to purchase so people can go from view to purchase even faster and more easily.  And by improving the conversion rate, we improve the value of the visit. And that allows us to market more effectively, get a higher ROI. The other area that we're very focused on is helping them with performance marketing and marketing attributions so that we can lean more into performance marketing in a way that drives growth and drives value in an ROI positive way.  Specifically looking at Elo7, they're very focused right now on shipping and how do they lower the shipping costs through increased relationships with carriers in Brazil, which we think is a meaningful opportunity. And also, as Brazil hopefully emerges from the pandemic, as vaccination rates are growing. There are people get back to events and the Depop business is much more event heavy than is Etsy or the other subsidiaries.
Joshua Silverman: Yeah. I'd say our understanding of the app has evolved a bit. We've historically thought the app was the best place for experienced buyers to go. So, you start on the mobile web or on the desktop, and after you've made a couple of purchases, you migrate to the app. That works and definitely more experienced buyers are having a really good experience on actually, and we see that once they download the app, their engagement goes up in almost every metric. What's been an interesting finding over the past couple of quarters is even newer buyers seem ready to download the app and benefit by downloading the app.  So, you're seeing us lean into marketing the app even for people who maybe haven't thought before, our first-time buyers. And we're finding for those communities as well when they download the app, we are seeing more engagement from them, and it does make sense that with the app, we have more opportunities to provide triggers for them to use the app through things like badging on the app to say there's 3 or 4 updates waiting for you and then driving them to an update's tab, which tells them, here's what's happened since you left.  And then just a more dynamic and rich experience as possible in an app and not in mobile web. Due to some sense of proportionality, it was just this quarter that the app became the largest platform as measured by GMS, overtaking mobile web, and overtaking desktop. Mobile web is still the largest platform by visits. So, there's meaningful opportunities still for the app to grow, and it's something that we think we're only just beginning to really lean into and tap into its full potential.
Joshua Silverman: Sure. I think consumer confidence has held up better than many of us feared. Our consumer spending has held up better than many of us feared. And that's certainly reflected in Etsy's Q3 results where you saw us come in over the top of guidance based almost entirely on the strength of the core Etsy business and the organic Etsy business. So, as you know, we pulled back on performance marketing to test incrementality. And even in light of that, the organic strength of the Etsy brand in this market is holding up really, really well.  So, we're incredibly pleased by that. I would say we think it was reasonable to assume that as the world reopens. And then people had so much more choice, they would avail themselves of that choice and Etsy would face headwinds and we would see some deceleration. We expected that we think that's reasonable. It's been delightful to see that certainly relative to 2019, that hasn't been. In fact, the case and that we've seen a lot of stability in fact, GMS per active buyer growing. So, we think that's great.  As I move around the other subsidiaries, Reverb is growing on a 2-year stack substantially faster than the musical instrument industry itself, which is great. They see a little bit more variability as musical instrument stores open and close and open again. They see a little bit more variability. But as we said with the Etsy marketplace with Reverb, we also find measuring them on a 2-year stack or measuring them relative to 2019 is the easiest way to forecast that business, and we continue to see it grow substantially faster than the musical instrument industry as a whole.  So, we think that's great. Elo7 in Brazil has faced headwinds because a substantial part of that business is based on events, people buying things for birthday parties, for baby showers, or quinceaneras, or things like that. And obviously with the pandemic and lockdowns, there have been far fewer events. We did see towards the end of the third quarter. Vaccinations have been accelerating fairly rapidly in Brazil and towards the end of the third quarter, we did see the beginnings of an uptick in Elo7 as vaccination rates spread. And we think that that's really encouraging. At Depop, we also feel very good about their 2-year growth rate.  And as we have talked about, they had an exceptional 2020 with over a 100% and far faster than all of the publicly traded re-commerce peers. As we expected, they did decline in the third quarter. And that was as expected and it's because their -- their population is disproportionately teenagers. It's Gen Z. And also, they are heavily weighted towards the U.K. where our teenagers were pretty much locked at home for a substantial part of 2020 and the stay-at-home orders really began to ease in the third quarter. And so, it's not surprising that teenagers after being locked at home for a year.  Want to go out, want to be with their friends, want to go to the mall. And so, they're seeing some temporary headwinds from that. We continue to think re-commerce is an amazing space. We continue to think that apparel is the most attractive part of re-commerce, and we continue to think that Depop is the best brand in re-commerce and apparel. And again, we continue to feel great about their 2-year growth rate in the prospects for the medium and long term. And we're really excited to be partnering with all 3 of these brands to help them to unlock even more growth and achieve their full potential.
Joshua Silverman: Sure. Like to what Rachel said, that it's really encouraging that as we've increased our performance marketing spend, we continue to see good returns on that. And said differently, incrementality testing can sound like, what does that really mean? But it just means if we hadn't spent the money, might those people have found us anyway. And are we truly getting additive buyers for the money we're spending.  We're constantly asking ourselves that question. I'm sure you're constantly asking it. Did you really need to spend that much on marketing? And we're asking that too and we're testing that. And we're testing at the margin, not just the overall thesis. The other thing I will add about the third quarter, is we did very little TV advertising. We were dark most of the third quarter on TV. We've just launched a brand-new campaign. We showed you one example of that campaign. And that campaign will be live for most of the fourth quarter.  So, you will see us much more aggressively on TV in the fourth quarter, you will see us lean into performance marketing. We think our brand is super relevant all the time, but it's especially relevant during the holidays, we want to make sure that we're really in front of people. And the performance marketing works really hard for people that are already down the purchase funnel and thinking about buying something. What you are seeing in our TV ads as we also want the chance to tell our story. We want to remind people why we're different. We want to make sure we have an emotional connection with people.  We want to make sure that there's organic love for the Etsy brand and people continuing to come directly to our brand and not only finding us downstream. And I will continue to point out how special we think that is of Etsy, that such a high proportion of our traffic comes direct to us and we're not downstream and dependent on other channels, which we think is a real strength. So, you should expect us to see lean -- expect us to lean more into marketing in the fourth quarter, as we typically do and as reflected in our merchant guidance.
Joshua Silverman: Great question, Ed. And one of the things we talked about in the recorded part of the call was doing a better job of setting expectations and meeting expectations. When we talk about really becoming a habit, when we talk about taking that $130 of GMS per active buyer, and making it something much, much larger. If you know that it's worry-free to shop on Etsy, you know when it's going to revive, it's going to be as expected.  I think we can gain a much, much larger share of people's wallet over time. And so, it's a really big focus of ours. And so, the fact that we have so much more EDD coverage, expected delivery day coverage. And the fact that we're doing an ever-better job of really meeting those expectations is I think really helpful. We're never going to promise to deliver things, everything on the site within 2 days or everything in the site within 24 hours.  And I think when I look at our environment and sustainability training the world to expect everything to arrive in a day. is not good for our environment and largely not necessary. So, I think a lot of people are questioning right now with all the supply chain issues. People are thinking, maybe I should shop a little earlier, and maybe I don't need to wait until the very last minute. That's likely helpful for Etsy for this year. But hopefully, I think for the long-term people starting to consider whether they really need to wait for the last minute. I think that would be good for the world and certainly also aligned with Etsy.
Joshua Silverman: Yes. I'm super excited about Star Seller program and what it can -- what it is today. And even more important, what it can become over time. So, I want to start with seller agency. What sellers really want is they want to know what can I do to make my shop more successful. And the more transparent we can be. The better they're going to be doing their job, right? They're busy, they have relatively little time.  And so, if we can focus their efforts on these of the two or three things that are going to drive the most improvement for you. That's really helpful for them and it's something that Etsy is uniquely positioned to be able to do. And so, by giving them a few key customer service metrics to focus on, we're already seeing very meaningful improvements. We talked about, for example, responding to a buyer convo within 24 hours, we sized 600 basis point improvement across the entire marketplace on that one metric within two months of launching the program.  So that's a really good example of how this can, can really lift all boats. We do see that by surfacing of promoting the sellers that provide the most reliably good customer service. We’re going to have a better buyer experience and a better seller experience. So, the fact that sellers that are Star Sellers have a 25% higher repeat purchase rate. I think that's a factor of two things: 1. The recognition of the Star Seller giving buyers confidence, 2. The fact that these sellers are delivering consistently good customer service and earning repeat business. And the more we can get every seller to look like a Star Seller, the better off I think it is for everyone.
Rachel Glaser: That one is good. Hi, Nick. Thanks for the question. We did say GMS per Active Buyer was up 20% in Q3 even though some of our buyer segments actually decelerated in the quarter. So, it was a really strong quarter for GMS per Active Buyer. One of the factors that drives GMS is frequency. So, more and more buyers buying more frequently, which is so heartening, so many of our cohorts are so much more choice in share of wallet.  Reminder that the average number of purchase days for all us of our buyers increased from 3.1 -- is down 3.1, and that is up from 2.5 a year ago. And then for repeat buyers it went up to 5.2, another solid increase, up from 4.6 a year ago. So, we're seeing improvement in frequency across the board.  It's still low. So, 3.1 is still far lower than we hope it can be. Your question was, could it be once per month and we see no reason to think that it couldn't be. Another important factors that habitual buyers were again, our fastest growing segment, and it grew 237% on a two-year basis and it represents about 40% of our GMS. That's really strong testimony to that the most important segment is growing fastest.
Rachel Glaser: Great question. So, as you know, for Etsy Q4 is our strongest quarter for GMS. It is a little lighter on take rate, traditionally seasonally for Etsy in the fourth quarter, simply because we get so much more GMS than we get on transaction fees than we get on things like Etsy ads, which is not necessarily moving up seasonally.  Other sums are also skew a little bit higher in the fourth quarter, but not as demonstrably as Etsy does, so Depop, Elo7, and Weaver, all have slightly higher Fourth-Quarters than they do the best of the year. And not as pronounced that you would see in it seem Kevin broken out seasonality for some of those. I'll leave the answer at that.
Rachel Glaser: So overall, it's extremely validating that even as we scaled spend significantly over the past 18 months for getting the incremental return we expected, tweaks in tunes in various channels to make them more accurate are really helpful. We do that all the time to optimize. But nothing that changes the thesis overall. So, we learn it helps us optimize our model. We might change a threshold here and there based on what we learned.  And you can see that by doing that, we actually left profitable growth on the table. So, we want to keep -- we have a very dynamic investment model and marketing where we spend up till when the last marginal dollar spend is no longer reaching our ROI thresholds, so it's very dynamic. It pulls back automatically depending on where we set the ROI threshold. And so, we'll keep investing using those learning stuff to optimize and grow the channels that we think are the most profitability.
Rachel Glaser: And I just want to add, I think Margaret had -- part of this question was asking about the impact on OSA in the third quarter from our fullback because OSA is a cooperative. And standalone leash spends on TLA, and there's a successful sale for our sellers.  We charge an incremental transaction fee to our pull back on performance marketing means if that fee also went down a bit. However, we did say that 40% of our performance marketing now is offset by [Indiscernible] So that's a very healthy program for us and still less than 2% churn from our sellers who participate in the U.S program.
Rachel Glaser: Thanks, Jason for the question. And so just as a reminder, the vast majority of our traffic comes to Etsy organically this quarter, I think it was 17% was paid in the rest of organic traffic. So, we have a significant amount of demand that is coming from top-of-mind awareness or our investments in other forms of marketing. Other marketing channels, like our CRM efforts, our social efforts, and our brand marketing to drive top of mind awareness.  And those things are working together. Now, we didn't pull performance marketing all the way back, so we did spend -- still send significantly in the quarter. And like I said, we -- it's a dynamic. We can just change the ROI threshold to bring the spend down and it dynamically will reduce. So, we're still feeling that we got very great traffic. In fact, added 7 million new buyers in the third quarter even though our marketing spends came down.
