Joshua Silverman: Yes, great question. So the overall philosophy remains the same. That overall, sellers will take on primary funding for advertising their individual listing off-site, and that will allow Etsy to invest more in upper funnel things that only Etsy can do, like advertising the Etsy brand on TV or getting people to download the app or driving people to the homepage. In terms of the structure of the off-site advertising program in particular, we do anticipate that there will continue to be some subsidy of Etsy to the program. So the 15% and 12% fee will cover much, but not all, of the cost. And for example, if somebody clicks on a listing and doesn't buy, there's cost in that, and Etsy might absorb better that. And if they land on one seller's page and they end up buying from another seller. Those are things. But we think that, that's appropriate because if you think about it, it's the case that the seller makes an incremental sale, which is great and gets a happy customer that they might be able to resell to. But Etsy also has gained a customer. And so the idea that we are chipping in together with sellers to make this a great program, we think, is important. And we're really proud of this program. I do want to say that a 6% to 8% ROAS, we think, relative to what sellers would get if they had their own stand-alone shop is a really strong ROAS, and we take on the risk that the money they invest might not convert to a sale. And that's exactly the kind of thing that a platform can do, is pool the resources of the sellers together to deliver something that they each individually could never get on their own. So we're excited about this. We think it does deliver great value for sellers, and we think it's going to be really good for Etsy.
Joshua Silverman: Thanks for that question. It's a really important clarification. No, the seller will only pay if they make a sale for Offsite Ads, and we think that's really important. What we heard from sellers is that they're really nervous to put their money upfront for Offsite Ads, where they just don't know the intent of a buyer who's on Google or Facebook or other places. And so Etsy is taking on that risk for them and sort of pooling that risk, if you will. So they will only pay the 12% or 15% fee when the click converts to a sale.
Joshua Silverman: Great. So let me start with churn. It's the case that, in any given month, there will be some level of churn in the program. There's just natural. It's a very dynamic market. We've got sellers coming in and sellers coming out. What I would say is that we did not see a material increase in churn through the fourth quarter, and so churn did not materially change, and budgets went up. So we think that the program in that way was successful, and yet we are responsive to what we hear from sellers. And what we heard was that a limitation to them continuing to enter the program and grow their budget was this fear that they're going to spend money upfront and not have it convert to a sale. And not just a fear, I mean, that's a reality for sellers that some of them will invest money and have it not converted to a sale. And so when we looked at that and said, at the pace we want to scale this program, not something that's going to limit us, this is a very reasonable concern that sellers have. And we, as a platform, are positioned to take that on. So we think this is kind of an innovative program, but we think it's a great example of innovating to meet the needs of sellers in a way that's a real win-win for Etsy as well.
Joshua Silverman: Yes. So I'd start by saying we always start with what do we think is in sellers' best interest. And when we look at the program, we think generally, at large, this is going to be a great program for most sellers. But when we spent time with sellers - and we spend a lot of time with them and try to know them pretty well. Sellers that are relatively small, maybe early in their life cycle or for whom this is something they don't dedicate a ton of time to, sometimes tell us, and this might be a little counterintuitive, but that they really don't want to grow more than a certain size. And so they actually may not want incremental sales. And that's true of some sellers. And by the time they hit about $10,000 of annualized sales, they've sort of demonstrated a scale and well and desire to be growing. And so the threshold where we said under $10,000, you have the ability to opt out of the program because we've seen some sellers who've said that growth is actually something that they're not necessarily ready for. By the time they've hit $10,000, we see that growth is something they're typically ready for. It's something they're typically wanting. And frankly, the program works better when they're all in it together. We have more data and more ability to work together with partners like Google and Facebook and others to really scale that program. So it lifts up the whole program to have all of the larger sellers in the program. So we allow for an opt out for sellers under $10,000, and they have a 15% fee. For sellers over $10,000, they have a 12% fee, but they don't have the ability to opt out. And we think that opt out rates for sellers under $10,000 will be very manageable. We're not sure what they'll be, but it will be manageable for the program.
Joshua Silverman: I mean I'd start by saying that we're really pleased with the progress we saw in 2019, and Rachel shared that like in the fourth quarter, habitual buyers were our fastest-growing segment yet again, growing 23% year-over-year. GMS per active buyer was up yet again. On the two year stack, it was up 6%. The percentage of people who shopped two or more days in the year was up again. So we're very pleased with a lot of these leading indicators that show that we are, in fact, driving frequency. And I'm happy with the way you've led in the question, speaking about both product and marketing levers, because they're both important. We are making search better. We've talked about some of the things we've done, like nonlinear models and leveraging the cloud to just use more data and more robust models to deliver better search, and that drives more conversion. And nothing gets someone more likely to come back than having bought and been happy with that purchase. So as conversion rate goes up, you get turn visitors into buyers and buyers come back more often. Life cycle marketing is a big opportunity for us. So we are bringing in a new set of technology around life cycle marketing that's going to allow us to be much more segmented and much more personalized in how we communicate through our own channels, things like e-mail and on the app, and we're really excited to be able to take that to another level in 2020. And then if you look at the paid marketing that we are doing, we're pleased with the progress that we're seeing there. And that's all the way through the funnel. So for example, if you look at our television commercials, they really don't do anything to explain what Etsy is. They're not really designed with someone who's never heard of Etsy in mind. They're designed for someone who's already generally familiar with Etsy to trigger very specific purchase occasions. So you're seeing very specific merchandise and purchase occasions, and we're seeing benefits from that. The mid-funnel work that we're doing as well, so things like advertising on Facebook and other channels with ads and video that might target, for example, people who are just entering a wedding process. We're also seeing us triggering that I should have had a V8 moment of, oh, gosh, of course, yes, I should think of Etsy for that. So it's a combination of the product work and the marketing work that we're doing to come together and drive that metric.
Joshua Silverman: So we're always very focused on, if we spend $1, are we getting more than $1 back on a risk-adjusted basis? And this program, we have the ability to operate and decide how much to invest on a daily and weekly basis. And in fact, it's much easier to operate than the program it's replacing. So if you think about the program that the offsite advertising is replacing, we had a couple of hundred - hundreds of thousands of individual seller campaigns that we were executing, and each one of them had its own budget. And on any given day, sellers are hitting their budget, and we're having to manage that. And so this new iteration of Offsite Ads allows us to run one campaign that pulls the data and is, therefore, more effective and drives better roll-offs overall for our sellers, so they benefit from that. It's also much easier for us to manage, and we now have one budget we can spend. And like we always do, we'll be paying very careful attention to what is the return on the next dollar that we spend in performance marketing. This will change the ROI curve a little bit. It will allow us to invest a little more. With sellers kicking in, it allows us to invest more profitably to drive growth, and we're excited about that. And you do see that a bit in the margins when Rachel talked about the fact that we'll be taking up marketing a little bit, and so we'll be seeing a little bit of deleverage in marketing. It's because the take rate has changed, and we're getting more ROI as we invest.
Joshua Silverman: And actually, to draw that comparison out a little bit. A couple of years ago, we changed the commission on Etsy. But we told sellers, we're going to be reinvesting the substantial majority of that money back into the platform, in marketing to grow traffic, and then product to make the customer experience better. And we live to that. We did reinvest most of that money back, and it has delivered growth. We've seen great growth over the next - over the past couple of years. And Etsy Ads and Offsite Ads, the idea is we will now be able to invest more, and we will use this money to reinvest in the business to drive growth because we are chasing what we believe is an absolutely enormous TAM. We think the opportunity for this business is huge, and we are in the early stages of unpacking it, and we see great opportunities to invest profitably for growth, and we want to make sure we're capturing those.
Joshua Silverman: Yes. Well, first, let me say, we like what we're seeing. So the results have been good, and they were strong in the fourth quarter. So TV is always a little harder to measure precisely, but we use multiple different statistical techniques, and they point to that having been a good investment in the fourth quarter. We're also learning. I think our creative is becoming more effective. I think our media strategies are becoming more effective. We're starting to buy upfronts, which means we get better prices. There's a lot happening in TV now that's getting us more and more efficient. You're right that the election is - throws some uncertainty into the year in several ways for us. We did do some upfronts for 2020. So we've locked in some capacity already, and we're glad we did. And we'll have to see how the election cycle plays out. But we have built some buffer in for that as we've thought about the guidance, we've given you.
Joshua Silverman: Yes, it is based on our existing experience with PLA programs, and so we're just trying to dimensionalize for sellers what kind of impact this might be because they've got to think about pricing strategies and other things. And we want to reassure them that, for most sellers, this is going to be a very small part of their sales. And so we don't want them to jump to conclusions around things before they have a chance to experience it. We're also going to give them a couple of weeks of sort of free trial period, where they will actually get to experience it. And I think for folks who think that this is going to be a large part of their sales, that will typically be reassuring.
Joshua Silverman: Yes. So on the first question, maybe I'll take the first [indiscernible]. On the first one, the difference between 74% and 48% - and that's a good catch, thanks for catching that. The items under $35 typically don't ship for free. And so - and those have a fairly high conversion rate and kind of high velocity because they're pretty cheap. So that would explain the difference between 74% of listing views offer free shipping eligible, but only 48% of orders arriving are because of free shipping. The delta there is really about lower-priced items, particularly items under $35.
Joshua Silverman: Great questions. All right. So let's start. Let me try to attack these one at a time. So your - one of the questions you asked is, is this going to come at the expense of Google? And no, we don't think so. As long as the next dollar we spend on Google is a profitable dollar, we'll keep spending. So it's - and not an or, right? We're looking at how can we find more ways to put money to work that drive profitable growth for Etsy and for our sellers. And the more the better, as long as they're providing a good ROI. So on social, your next question was, how are we doing on social? And on social, I would say it's still early days, and I'm excited about that because that means that there's real upside potential for us to do more. The tactic that we've unlocked over the course of the past couple of quarters that does seem to really be working for us is retargeting. So finding people who came to Etsy found something they like and didn't buy and then retargeting to Facebook, it's turning out to be an effective strategy that is helpful to drive incremental purchases in an ROI-positive way. We are working on other strategies in social that are sort of bottom of the funnel and would love to unlock more that would be part of the offsite advertising program. And again, to be part of the offsite advertising program, we have to be listing a specific listing of individual sellers on a third-party site like Google or Facebook. So now let's move to mid funnel. This would not count as off-site advertising. But showing videos to people who have different life events, talking about Etsy and what we have available for them. Or it doesn't have to be video. It could be static content. That's an area that we are just starting to learn more about and leverage, and I'm excited about that. Life cycle events make a big impact on Etsy. If you just moved home or had a baby or gotten engaged, these are important moments in your life and moments for which Etsy is relevant. And so starting to target more specific content for people in those moments is something that we're very encouraged by. But it's early days, and we are just beginning to learn how to make that an effective part of our media mix. Using influencers more to promote the brand is something that we are just learning to use more. And then even in TV, we're getting more effective. But we are newbies at this. And so I think there's opportunity to continue to become more efficient and effective as we scale and grow. And leverage things like DRTV more and more, which - DRTV is still a pretty light part of our budget. Most of our TV budget right now is cable. So I am excited about the opportunity to continue to scale with Google and the Offsite Ads program, but I'm equally excited about the opportunity to grow social and mid-funnel and upper funnel channels as well.
Joshua Silverman: Q4 was an exciting quarter. I think for Etsy, like most peer, the folks that we've heard talk about the quarter, I think many of us have had a very common experience, which is the shift in Thanksgiving moving had a pretty big impact on consumer behavior at large. So November was slow, and December was strong. And net-net, it seems like consumers spend about the same. And we did great, and we feel great about how we did in the fourth quarter. But the pacing of it was very different this year than it was last year. Thanks, everyone, for your time. We really appreciate it.
Rachel Glaser: Thanks, Ed. So we're not going to give specific guidance on how much we think Promoted Listings will continue to grow. It's a really strong, one might call it, a workhorse product for our sellers. They love the product. And we've been able to improve - continue to improve the efficacy of it for them by making the Promoted Listings terms more and more relevant so that the - even though they're promoted ads, they're very relevant to the search query. And so that gets them a better ROI because they're getting more clicks from the placement of their ad. And we have - Josh has referenced to continuing to innovate would be that because we're investing in machine learning and our search engineering team to continue to make those results higher - more and more valuable and higher and higher ROI.
Rachel Glaser: So a very, very small percentage of both our supply and our demand is in China, where the majority of coronavirus has been sighted. We obviously keep a very close watch on all of this, and we think there's no impact to Etsy at this point. In fact, when you think about the responses that some of the CDC and others have talked about, which is remote - ability to work remotely if needed, we have most - probably one of the largest remote workforces in the world when you think about our sellers being - already working from their homes. So they're uniquely set up to continue business as usual. Of course, any macro - major macro trend that happens, I think Etsy would be subjected to the waves of that as well. But thus far, we haven't seen any impact to our business.
Rachel Glaser: Yes. So for starters, we did say - to give you some sense of how much Etsy's stand-alone business is growing in 2020, we said that - we believe that Etsy on a stand-alone basis will grow in line with our long-term guidance that we gave at our Investor Day of 16% to 20% for GMS. And we were very specific on take rate as well. So we said take rates will be about 17.5% for Etsy on a stand-alone basis for - on average for the full year. So that sort of helps you with the revenue and GMS for the Etsy stand-alone basis. And I think you've got enough data to figure out back into Reverb's GMS from that and Reverb's take rate can be applied to develop their revenue. We've also said that Reverb's EBITDA is going to be breakeven as we exit 2020. So there is some headwind on EBITDA margins coming from Reverb. The other headwinds to margin, we did go into some detail on which things would gain leverage on in 2020 and which things would delever. So because of the Etsy Ads movement in all of Q1 and a portion of Q2, we have basically the old accounting treatment for Etsy Ads, which would be revenue with a corresponding equal amount of cost of revenue, so it's dilutive to margins. But going forward, it would actually be incremental marketing expense that would show up in Etsy's marketing line. And because of that, we think we'll see a little bit of deleverage in the marketing line, but accretive to EBITDA margins and EBITDA dollars. Product development, we said might be modestly dilutive to our EBITDA margins because we are investing there, and we're also capitalizing less of our labor. We're also taking a fair amount of the incremental revenue we expect from the new format at the ads, and reinvesting that as we did when we did our pricing change last year in upper funnel marketing and back into our business to continue to do product development. So we think both the marketing line and the product development line will have a small - a modest amount of deleverage, but we're going to gain leverage in cost of revenue because of the change to Etsy Ads and in our G&A function.
Rachel Glaser: And I'll just add a comment because we have a room set up for the announcement day where we have a very robust cross-functional team monitoring forum. Our member support organization has been ready to take calls and respond to e-mails immediately. And the - so I've been spending time with them there today, and the overall tone and tenor has been, we've been very pleased with - not everybody loves it, just as we expected. But there's, I'd say, more positive than dissention and positive in the extreme. So we're very pleased with how the communication is going thus far.
Rachel Glaser: And I just want to underscore 2 points there. One is that it is an effective take rate increase. And just like when we did the pricing change last summer, taking up the take rate creates a larger LTV, so we can invest more at the same or higher ROI. So that's one thing. The second thing is the margin expense goes up, not only because we're reinvesting, but also because of the accounting. So we the way this is accounted for now is our spend will hit the marketing expense line. And formally, the portion of the spend that was for Google Shopping was hitting cost of revenue.
Rachel Glaser: Yes. We definitely do see a bigger impact to higher AOV items. So Etsy has a number of categories where that would apply to, and Reverb also because their average order value is significantly higher than Etsy's average order value. It did see more impact than Etsy core marketplace did. With that said, we think that's completely de minimis - Reverb relative to Etsy's overall size is completely de minimis to our overall consolidated results. And so we - that's why we said we don't believe there's any material impact from the Etsy sales going forward, and the impact that we called out in the past year is going to be lapped by the time we get to October 1, 2020.
Rachel Glaser: Yes. So we said, habitual buyers are growing 23% this year to about 2.5 million. I think the chart in the slide deck shows it, is that it's - in the quarter, we actually had some pretty big uptick in what we think that - one of the metrics we use for frequency, which is GMS - trailing 12-month GMS per active buyer, which grew over - almost 4% in the quarter, and it's over 6% in a 2-year stack basis. So we're starting to see - if you were to plot those things, I think it was about 130 basis points of growth in the quarter, whereas previous quarters have been smaller than that, and in some quarters, it hasn't increased at all. So we're starting to see some material inroads. And I think the important part is that the habitual buyers who are really the most valuable buyers for Etsy are the fastest-growing segment. So we're making - the message is resonating with the buyers that we care most about.
Rachel Glaser: On the - I'm going to - you let me know if I don't answer this the way you are expecting because I'm not quite sure what you were getting at. We think that the new version of our Offsite Ads program is actually much lower risk for sellers because they're not going to pay for the ad unless they make a sale, but also lower risk for Etsy in a lot of ways. Because we had a performance PLA program before, and we were buying PLAs and driving GMS for sellers, but also GMS for Etsy. The way this is designed now - and then we did our first version of Etsy Ads where we were basically asking sellers to opt-in or adopt their own but - assign their own budgets to PLAs. And as Josh said, we saw a nice, healthy uptick in budgets and really minimal churn. But we needed the right sellers in the program to make the market, and we saw that it was going to take a bit of time to get to that scale that we needed to actually take over Etsy's footprint and what we were buying for PLA. And so this is a much - it's almost instant. We continue our PLA program. We also are able to do it cooperatively with our sellers. They make money when there's a successful sale, and it achieves the same result where it - we are in some - to some extent subsidizing that we can divert more of our dollars at the upper funnel brand marketing as we had always intended to.
