Rachel Glaser: So thank you for the question. We -- let's talk about what's implied in the guidance that we gave. The midpoint of the guidance is about 0.7% growth -- 0.5% growth, rather. And that implies that the conditions that we have seen today, as far as macro headwinds, remain roughly the same. They don't get better, they don't get worse. At the high end of the guidance, we would assume that macro headwinds improve so that we are able to hit the high-end of the range. And the low end of the range, we would say that they would slightly worsen. It's still a very volatile market. We don't actually have our crystal ball to say they'll get more or less volatile. So we do -- the guidance does imply that August and September are sequentially a little bit worse than July. We do think we stand to get a fair share of the back-to-school and Labor Day market. We've been, as Josh talked about, leaning much more into promotional opportunities, similar to all e-commerce retailers and more so than Etsy has really ever done before. And we're very excited to be able to talk about back-to-school as an occasion for which you can find many, many special things that people will be shopping for at this point.
Rachel Glaser: Well, what are the things that we've said -- we did talk about is that some of our horizontal categories, so specifically gifting and occasions are actually growing quite nicely. And so while we do see headwinds from some of our larger categories like Home & Living, and those have continued to be a little bit under pressure, some of the other categories are actually starting to see sequential improvement. And a category like gifting when we're heading into holiday, we feel pretty strong opportunity for growth.
Rachel Glaser: Yes. So first of all, the midpoint of our guidance is actually 0.7%, not 0.5%. So I want to clarify that first and foremost. Second, we don't guide to the months. So we don't guide to August or September individually. My comment was meant to say at the low point of our guidance, it would imply some decel. July was positive, as we said several times in our call. It would imply some decel in August and September.
Rachel Glaser: Thanks for the question, Shweta. Yes, we've continued to be able to grow Etsy ads, I want to say, organically, but it's not without a lot of hard work from a lot of release. Smart machine learning engineers making the algorithm and better, better retrievable engines. And because we are able to make the ad results so relevant to a buyer's query, we're able to increase the CPC, which increases our revenue and also at the same time, maintaining the ROAS for our sellers. And as you know, we get a lot of budget from our sellers, and we don't spend it if we can't give them a certain amount -- a minimum amount of ROAS. So the more that we can match a buyer's query to a seller's product, the more of that budget we can utilize. So we see some continued growth and opportunity for Etsy Ads. I will remind you that we do see Etsy -- our take rate actually, it's softer in the fourth quarter. We called that out on the call. And that's because Etsy Ads, even though it's the gift that keeps on giving relative to the growth we usually see in GMS in the fourth quarter, is lower. So that's the one thing to think about is the seasonality of that product.
Rachel Glaser: Sure. Thanks, Ygal. We've been doing machine learning at Etsy for a very long time. So we have a lot of talent of the company that is in machine learning, and that's already embedded into our cost base. And one of the things that we are focused on is doing what Josh described as democratizing ML, so that many people throughout the company can leverage the suite of tools for machine learning and AI and do their own -- leverage that capability and that technology themselves without having to sort of ask for that service from a separate group. So that means that our entire installed base of engineers and maybe even others, like people in my finance organization, will be able to really leverage the capabilities there without having to hire armies of people to go do machine learning for us. We've also been leveraging the investments that other companies, many of them are existing partners have invested already in machine learning. And so we're doing a lot of beta testing and experimentation with other companies. And at the moment, that is coming at a very low cost to us. We would imagine that at some point, there will be some kind of license fee arrangement. But we are -- typically, we do not invest in anything unless we see a high ROI for that investment. So if we decide to license different tools that are out there or to invest in our own workforce to be able to lean more heavily into machine learning and large language models, that would be because we see significant GMS opportunities from doing so. And as you know, we measure everything pretty carefully. We expect about an 18-month return on those investments and that things that, say, way we would measure any kind of new product development as well.
Rachel Glaser: I really -- we're super excited about what's going on internationally, and what we said on the call was that we've seen growth in non-U.S. markets up 5%. And we've been able to invest profitably in our core markets with performance marketing and within the U.K. and Germany with brand marketing as well. We've also been investing with performance marketing in our noncore markets. And we're seeing this lovely yield from that spend, where we're getting lots of visits in GMS coming from some of these noncore, especially Western European markets. So look, we'll stay tuned for that. We'll talk more about it. It's a nonhuman intervention kind of things, so we're able to spend there with a fairly light lift and with good ROI on our adjustment.
Debra Wasser: Thanks, Rachel. All right. Josh, I want to give you the next one from Maria Ripps at Canaccord. Recently, there have been reports of some sellers taking issue with the company's reserve system and its process for withholding and distributing funds. Can you first refresh us on what that policy is around payment reserves and why it's important to the overall health of the marketplace? And maybe comment on how you are addressing this cohort of sellers who are unhappy with the current policy.
Debra Wasser: Okay. Great. Thank you, Josh. One from Ed Yruma at Piper Sandler. Can you talk about inflation, if any, observed on the marketplace? Does the pricing tool help sellers understand when they have pricing power? And could this help drive GMS? I'll give that one to Josh.
Debra Wasser: Okay. Great. Rachel, I want to give you one from Shweta Khajuria from Evercore. Just to clarify the guidance comment that you made. Does the guidance assume August worse than July and September worse than August? She was just following up on that, and I think that's an important one we want to clarify.
Debra Wasser: Thank you, Rachel. That's perfect. And then I'm going to give another one from Shweta since I have her right here. I'm going to give to Rachel also. Etsy ads once again drove revenue growth and take rate expansion. Where do you see the clear growth opportunity? Is it driving relevance, ad load, more sellers, something else? And maybe Josh wants to comment on that one, too. It's an exciting one. So Rachel you go first.
Debra Wasser: Okay. Great. Did you want to add anything, Josh? Or are you good? Okay. Fabulous. And I'll go to the one for both of you from Ygal Arounian from Citi. I'll start with Rachel. Are you able to quantify the AI and ML investments? What they are and how they're impacting margins? And then perhaps -- and then connected to that, I'm going to have Josh talk a little bit about the benefits we're seeing from Gen AI and whether it's helping develop better product development velocity? And do you have any proof points yet that the AR tools are driving GMS growth? And sort of for both of your questions. Rachel, do you want to start? And then…
Debra Wasser: Okay. Great. Thank you, Rachel. I think we went over by a few minutes, so we're going to end it there. Thank you all for your time and attention, and we'll talk to you very soon.
Joshua Silverman: Yes. Thanks for the question. So Etsy has an unusually generous payment policy relative to most marketplaces. And that historically, when a buyer buys an item, 100% of that money is transferred to the seller right away. We take it on faith that the seller is going to ship the item to the buyer. And the good news is the vast majority of the time, that happens. But things do go wrong, and sometimes, for example, seller sales really ramp faster than they can deliver on, and things go wrong. And Etsy, of course, steps in to the gap in those times to make sure that the buyer has held whole so that the Etsy brand is a great brand and other sellers' reputations are not hurt by that. So it's really important for the overall health of the marketplace that we can always stand behind every single sale and buyers have a lot of confidence that Etsy will always have their back. As part of that then in 2021 we introduced a payment reserve, where a very small number of sellers that are high risk, perceived to be high risk, predicted to be high risk, we withhold some of the payment from those sellers. And we continue to iterate. We continue to learn on that program, how do we make the models more precise, how do we withhold the smallest amount that we need to and how do we communicate better with sellers about what the thresholds are, why they're in that program and not. And so we just announced yesterday some improvements in being even clearer with sellers about why they're in the program. We announced actually we're going to be reducing the amount we're holding from the vast majority of sellers. So we continue to listen. We continue to learn. We continue to work together with sellers and buyers to make sure that the marketplace stays safe. And just to put some dimension around this, it's in the low single digits of sellers that are in reserve right now. 70% of those sellers have less than $50 in payment reserve. And I don't want to -- we recognize for every seller being in payment reserve is -- can be a hardship. So we want to do it only when necessary, only the mount one necessary, and we want to be communicating as well as we can with the sellers and get them out of reserve as quickly as possible. And so we're working hard to make sure all those improvements happen.
Joshua Silverman: Sure. Thanks for the question. Yes, we see a lot of opportunity, and I think we've talked for a few years about how helping sellers set better pricing is a big opportunity. And it's one that we hadn't yet leaned into, but we want to. Now we really are. So we've kicked off a couple of squads focused on what we call sustainable pricing, and there's really two separate areas that we're focused on. The first part is how do we help sellers get the right data so they can set the right price for their listing at the start. And so we can share with them, for example, data about items that appear to be similar to theirs and what has been the final selling price for those items. And we showed a screenshot of an example of a test of that, that we're going to be launching. We'll see. We'll iterate and learn exactly how to do that, how to give sellers the right context. But probably, there are some sellers that are really underpricing and some sellers that are really overpricing and some that are getting it just right. But in our market, there are no MSRPs, right? Every item is unique and made by the seller. And so it's, I think, particularly helpful to be able to give sellers context. The second piece is having set your initial price appropriately when, how and if should you use promotions. And I think a lot of sellers are just winging it, and so we're doing a lot of research to see when do promotions pay off and when do they not. For example, is a 10% promotion worth it? Maybe a 10% promotion isn't enough to get a seller to buy, so you're just kind of wasting that sale, if you will. So giving them more insight about when it makes sense and what doesn't make sense to use promotion and how much promotion may make sense. I think that's also an opportunity for us to gather a lot of insights that we get through the marketplace and then share those insights back. So sellers, it's always up to sellers what they want to do, but we give them the insights so they can make better informed decisions that build their business better.
Joshua Silverman: And then on how Gen AI might affect the customer, I would talk about internal and external customers for that. So there's a set of productivity potential benefits that come from Gen AI, for example, for our software developers. And I'm really pleased by the data we shared in this earnings call about just how much velocity continues to improve in spite of getting better. Velocity per squad continues to get better, and we're really excited about the value creation per squad we're seeing right now. So we continue to focus on making Etsy more efficient and more nimble even as we get bigger. Gen AI, things like CoPilot are going to be another tool to help with that. I would caution, I don't think we're testing, and we're leaning in and we're excited about it, and I think it's going to be helpful, but it's not the only thing. It's not a silver bullet. We're actually constantly looking at how can we streamline our processes, how can we be more agile and how can we get more productivity and more value creation out of every squad. I do think that the way that we measure value creation per squad in this company is part of our secret sauce. We've always been obsessed with that. I think it can be a tool that can really help our sellers. So for example, answering queries from buyers. Can it help to auto generate some suggested responses? But the seller is still going to want to look at that, put eyes on that before they send it. So it will be helpful for them, and we want to help sellers every way that we can, help them auto generate listings over time, things like that. Yes, maybe. It could be good again if it helps sellers save time, that's great. We wouldn't want to do anything that makes the cycle homogenous or boring, though, so we're going to be very careful about that. And more listings doesn't necessarily translate into more sales for Etsy. So if it's useful for sellers, we'll lean in. For buyers, the idea that the search experience can become more conversational, I think, can be a very big deal for Etsy, and maybe more for Etsy than for most people. I talked to two earnings calls ago now about how you don't walk into a store and shout, Dress blue, linen, to a sales agent. You actually have a conversation with them that has more context. And I think that's especially important in a place like Etsy, where we've got 115 million listings to choose from and no catalog. So the idea that it can be conversational, I think, can give a lot of context and really help. And I think a lot of the technology behind that is becoming a self-problem. What's going to be longer is the consumer adoption curve. What do customers expect when they enter something into a search bar? And how do they get used to interacting with chatbots? And what's the UI look like? And that's something that I think we're going to need to -- we're testing a lot right now. What do people expect? How do they like to interact with things? And in my experience now, having a few decades of consumer technology leadership, the consumer adoption curve is often the long pole in the tent, but I think over time, can yield really big gains for us.
Joshua Silverman: Yes. Great. Thanks for the question. So let me talk about GMS per buyer in the U.S. and international. In the United States -- well, around the world, when the pandemic happened, most places you could shop shut down or were out of stock, and Etsy had enormous tailwinds. And during that time, in the U.S., we saw GMS per active buyer grow by over 30%. Since that time, there's been an onslaught of competition. There's been inflation and all the other things everyone knows about, and yet the GMS proactive buyer in the U.S. has stayed almost exactly the same. We've held almost all of those games. The declines we're seeing in GMS productive buyer are that we're growing faster in international than we are in the U.S., and we've seen a little bit of pullback in GMS per active buyer in international. I'm not mad about us growing faster in international. There's a lot of opportunity in international. There's a lot of buyers to be added in international. And the fact that we've done such a good job maintaining a GMS per active buyer in the U.S. in spite of these headwinds, in spite of all the new competition says, wow, people came to Etsy and they loved it and it was something really different. And now with a lot fewer dollars to spend and a lot more places to spend it, they are continuing to come back and spend in roughly the same amounts today as they were back then. As a platform from which to drive further growth, I take a lot of optimism, excitement, confidence from that. I talked at I think the first question about all the things we think we can do to grow and drive even more from there. But I take that as very encouraging. Rachel talked in the call -- in her part of the call about the difference we're seeing between households over 100,000 and households under 100,000. And we see this not just in Etsy results, but all around that it does seem like for households under 100,000, they're just under enormous pressure right now and having to make very, very difficult trade-offs in life. And if it's not something that's absolutely essential, then people are having a hard time prioritizing that, and we may be feeling some of that. We're still getting a pretty good amount of GMS proactive buyer from people under 100,000 considering the times we're in. But I would say cycles are cycles. And now being over 50, having lived through a few cycles myself, cycles are that. They come and they go, and we are in a tougher part of the cycle. And at the time we're in a tougher part of the cycle, and we are still maintaining the GMS gain to the pandemic and putting up EBITDA margins in the core of 30% feels like a pretty good business if this is what bad times look like, and I'm very optimistic that there's much better times to come.
