Kristina Salen: So in the UK, as we mentioned we’re above 50% of our GMS generated in the UK is between local buyers and sellers and we’re super excited about that. So when we look at our other key focus countries, Australia, Canada, France and Germany, none are close to that 50%, so we’re still in early days in other countries. I would say, Australia is probably the closest, but it’s where the UK was a couple of years ago. So I wouldn’t want to walk away with the assumption that we have this type line rolling in over the next couple of months. But I think what it points to is, a long-term opportunity to drive growth in those category. With regard to guidance, I think you’re right. On the revenue, you pointed to a deceleration in the second half from the perspective of revenue growth. I think there’s a couple of things that - first of all we’re super excited about 40% revenue growth in the first half of this year and we don’t want to kick away from that great achievement. But historically as you know Heath, we’ve seen deceleration in revenue growth was moving to the second half of the year. Our guidance does not extrapolate the first half into the second half and that’s because - just as a reminder, what report our revenue growth guidance assumption [ph]. And what you’ve seen in the first half and - move us to increase on our assumption the second half and what are those things. Remember underlying our growth with the assumption that the piece of the narrowing of the mobile gap will continue as it had in 2015. Whereas, you just saw in the most recent quarter, we were able to sustain and gain that gap, we didn’t narrow it and so there is reason to be overly ambitious about that in the second half. And what we’ve also said is, underlying our guidance is the expectation that percent international GMS in 2016 remains flat, with 2015 and we’re really excited about what we saw in the second quarter, the first quarter since 2014 where we actually saw an extension in that, but maybe I’m pragmatic, but one quarter is not a trend make. And given what we’ve seen in other currency fluctuations shift in the last few months, as well as geopolitical events, we don’t think there’s any reason to deviate from our guidance which is flat international GMS year-over-year. And finally, our guidance - underling our revenue guidance, we’ll continue penetration of our existing seller services and modest contribution, our new seller service. When we think about our existing seller services, we talked about very positive developments in promotive listings and shipping labels that drove growth in the second and that isn’t expected they won’t drive growth in the second half. But I would remind you that insert the anniversary the integration of PayPal at the end of October of this, so that’s something to consider. And remember that Direct Checkout is our largest contributor seller services revenue just in terms of size. And I would also add than, with regard to our new seller service, we’re very excited you asked me that. We’re very excited in and that we’re seeing in terms of conversion from free trial and [indiscernible] sellers, but that doesn’t cause us to change our expectation that the contribution will still be modest relative to the rest of seller services.
Kristina Salen: I just wanted to point out that we’ve highlighted since the beginning with regard to narrowing gap, as it won’t be a straight line up into the right, it’s a long-term strategy and we feel like we’re still in the early innings of narrowing that gap. Indeed, we’ve only narrowed it a little bit over the past few quarters, so it’s really a long game as opposed to something we expect every single quarter in narrowing that gap.
Kristina Salen: And I would just add to that, just to underscore. We don’t expect FedEx to have anywhere near the impact of some kind of integration like something like PayPal for example. FedEx is just - it’s a great partner, but it’s one of many shipping label services that our sellers could use.
Kristina Salen: So I think it is helpful Tom, let’s take a step back before we dive a little deeper and just remind everybody this relative size of these revenue bucket. So remember that direct check out is the largest of the seller services, mode of listing is a solid number two and shipping labels is distant three and then shipping labels were called at, it is booked net of the cost associated with the writing the shipping labels, typically we received volume discount from our partners and we are passing nearly a 100% of those savings on to our sellers. Shipping labels is a welcome seller service, adds great value to our sellers and tone of time and money. They are also with the 100% increment in margin which as a CFO, I love the business. From funds contribution perspective these are direct check out businesses just significantly larger than shipping label.
Kristina Salen: It hasn’t changed materially from what we have discussed previously which is the high single digit low, low double digit percent of our GMS is a non-U.S. dollar denominated good. In other words -
Kristina Salen: Already the transactions on our platform, our U.S. dollar denominated good, even if the seller is located in another country she chooses to list her items in US dollar term or the most part.
Kristina Salen: Our timing and promoted listings and I’ll hand it over to Chad to talk about handmade. So promoted listing, I think it is important to note that even though we did expand inventory in the quarter that was really a secondary driver from listings growth. What is really growing promoted listings growth is improvements in click through rate and that points to some of the improvements that Chad had talked about in his remark in order to make promoted listing more relevant to a buyer starts. So we are very excited about those improvements in promoted listings and handmade, Chad.
Kristina Salen: And with regard to crossing expenses in the second half, Chad, I point you first towards our bedded assumptions at revenue decelerates through the second half of the year. Revenue growth excuse me, I talked about at the beginning of this call. Our incremental revenue is high incentive to margin plus first half relative to the second half, probably the biggest driver is revenue assumption. I’d also point you to the number of hires to look at the biggest delta that seen our, because our margin guidance in the second quarter versus what we delivered, but first thing I’d communicate is that our revenue growth exceeded our guidance and again our revenue growth hangs in this margin. The second thing I would say is, where we had expected a number of hires to be evenly phased through at the quarter, listed and payments towards the end of the quarter. And so will be bringing all those hires into the third quarter, the fourth quarter and we also have said that we expect to tire at similar phase during the second half as we did in first half. By the way most of those hires will come in third quarter, hiring really does slow down as we move into the holiday season. And then finally the last thing I would had like the point we do expect to marketing expense gross to accelerate compared to the first half. In the first half marketing expense growth was roughly 19.5%, we are going to accelerate from there as we move into the second half, these are the three things I would focus on the revenue growth rate, assumptions around employee hires and when they hit and third assumptions around marketing expense growth.
Chad Dickerson: Sure, on the FedEx point, we just rolled out that this quarter. It’s - really our goal with sellers is to provide and buyers regard as much choice as possible and that’s only in the U.S. So we don’t expect any significant contribution from FedEx.
Chad Dickerson: So in Etsy, we run transactions through PayPal and through Direct Checkout and PayPal is embedded in Direct Checkout, so our credit card transactions run through real pay and that’s why we had the issues that we described with the credit card transaction.
Chad Dickerson: Sure as I noted in my remarks we have seen conversion increases across the board, on all platforms, desktop, mobile web and mobile apps. And it is really our success there as really just varies focus product development and improving the core experience, everything from sign in to browse to search we talked about exploratory search a couple of quarters ago but that is still going quite well and finally with Checkout. So the mobile experience as well as the desktop on the mobile apps and mobile web, have all improved and we continue to improve that day after day after day. It is really in baseball term it is really about having a lot of basics consistently and that’s what we have been doing over the past year.
Chad Dickerson: Yeah in Amazon handmade, we haven’t seen any impact to date; our market place is be off 35 million unique items in the market place. So we are really - we feel great about the scale of our inventory. And also just as a remainder our surveys have told and we have reminded investors that more than 50% of our sellers selling other platforms but for that group, the multi-channel sellers Etsy is their largest source of sales.
Chad Dickerson: Yes, thanks for the question. So as I mentioned Etsy’s is very much a technology company and one of the things that we are doing is really exciting, we have been doing for some time is machine translation of listings in order to increase inventory in the market place. Kind of give you example of how that works, if a French seller is selling and they want to sell to English speaking seller, the machine translate the French listing so that it shows up in English to other buyers and we do machine translation of messages and that sort of thing. So machine translation really allows us to do is that, increase with the inventory for non-English speakers but it also allows us to conduct transactions between people we normally wouldn’t be able to conduct transactions. So underneath the machine translation, we have a machine learning framework that we use to update the dictionary to use Etsy’s specific terms. So it just one of many things that we have done again. I spoke earlier about the many things that we have done to drive growth and I think that increasing the inventory for machine translation is one of the things that help us do that and it is very technology perspective is very difficult, we are really proud of that.
