Josh Silverman: Thanks Chad, first I want to thank Chad for his leadership over the past nine years, we altered Etsy into a period of high growth, he took us to the IPO and he helped to make Etsy into the World Class Company and global place it is today. His efforts have laid the foundation for Etsy future success and I know has always been committed to delivering value for our stakeholders, from buyers and sellers to employees and shareholders. When I joined the board in November, I was excited to be a part of a company like Etsy and as a member of the board I've gained a deep appreciation for the fundamental strength of Etsy business, Etsy's employees and attractive market opportunities. Etsy has already accomplished so much of over the past 12 years, building a two-sided market place that offers a differentiated value proposition for buyers and a unique opportunity for sellers is difficult to do, Etsy has done that, creating a strong technology platform and cultivating powerful loyalty driven by a robust seller community and offering a board product inventory. We're going to continue to sharpen our focus on raising awareness among new buyers and getting our existing buyers to make more frequent purchases. As we head into our next phase of growth I want to leverage the many things Etsy as done well thus far, which include a strong core organic markets business, a thriving seller's services business and a world class technology platform. And I want to build new muscles where we can do even better, such as delivering a best in class buyer experience and improving our marketing capabilities. Though we have a lot of work to do we have a great culture and talented employees who I know are up the challenge. Over the coming weeks, I will be listening and learning from our employees, sellers, buyers and investors and deep diving into our operating plans to make sure that we’re focusing on the value enhancing near and long-term opportunities. I believe that we have significant opportunity to continue to grow and to drive our financial performance. I'm energized by the Etsy team's sense of urgency, culture of committing to our sellers and buyers and drive for operational excellence. I'm excited to work with the leadership team to capture Etsy exciting growth opportunities and I look forward to providing additional updates next quarter. Now I'll turn the call back to Chad to discuss the first quarter.
Josh Silverman: And I think the team has been focusing exactly the right area. This is Josh, great to meet you all. And I think, the acquisition of Blackbird technologies is a great example of really driving a lot more conversion. What you'll hear from me as a term I call the AAA, which is Acquisition and Activation and Activity. Acquisition is the efforts to bring more people, more visits to the site, Activation is conversion of those visits to buyers and Activity is driving more royalties so buyers to come back again and again. And I think there is good work underway in each of those buckets today, and I'll be laser focused with my team on each of those and that's driving the most value we can and I see a lot of opportunity for continued improvement in each of those three buckets.
Josh Silverman: Thanks Chad, and just to build on that Etsy has done something that’s really rare and really hard to do and that’s to build the two-sided market place that really unique. We have a very loyal and passionate group of sellers that offer a really unique set of inventory that’s not available anywhere else and that’s very special and very rare. That driven a good amount of organic and direct traffic that comes to etsy.com, people actually wake up in the morning typing www.etsy.com not a lot of e-commerce site have that. Where we've not invested as much historically is in really pouring fuel on the fire with the more traditional marketing levers, for the first eight years of the company it did no marketing. And its pretty common for a market place that is successful that does earn organic traffic to be able to significantly accelerate its growth through the addition of marketing. So when we as a board looked at what's going to unlock growth going forward in the future, we looked at acquisition activity and loyalty and said that those are going to be very important leverage going forward and so having leadership that has a lot of experience in that area would be appropriate.
Josh Silverman: Sure. As a board, we are laser focused on delivering value for our shareholders and I feel like there is a tremendous market opportunity for Etsy, that it has only began to tap and a very bright future. So I'm working hard with the team here to make sure that we're entirely focused on the activities that's going to deliver the most value for all of our stakeholders, our sellers, our buyers, our shareholders and our employees and I'm very enthusiastic about the path forward.
Josh Silverman: And so solid services, Chad and team have been very focused on that and have done a great job of unlocking value, we have a pipeline I'm very excited about of continues ways to help sellers to promote and sells their things on Etsy and in other channels as well.
Josh Silverman: Yes, good question. First, I would say that our goal is to make sure that our sellers succeed that they come, they have a great experience on Etsy and then they can grow and scale their business and support their family's ad thrive. And we think that's a very important mission. We also think that the mission of delivering an outstanding buyer experience on Etsy is very important to us and etsy.com our core marketplace and our marketplaces internationally offer a really unique collection of inventory that you simply won't find anywhere else. I do think there is an opportunity to make sure it's very clear to buyers on what occasion should they would be thinking about Etsy and making sure that we build the habit, so they come and shop at Etsy and I know they're going to be delighted. I think it's complimentary to also support our sellers in making sure that their inventory is available in the other channels as well, we live in a multichannel world, we all recognize that and we think we can help our sellers to succeed and our help ourselves as well.
Chad Dickerson: Thank Heath, I will take that one. What we've really been focused on is continuing to improve on conversion and that really means focusing on the experience on all of our platform desktop, mobile web, mobile app. As I said we've been improving conversion now for 6 to 8 quarters. And we’re really excited about that work because it's really demonstrates the overall success of the product work that we're doing.
Chad Dickerson: What we saw in March, I think was pretty consistent what we've heard from what's happening in the macro environment, I think we heard a lot of companies had a challenging February. So we see March as really largely due to all the product development that we've done and continue to work on conversion and we are really excited about the progress in March.
Chad Dickerson: Sure, Chad speaking, I'll hand it off to Josh in a moment. I think that everyone at Etsy, the board, the company is really excited about the long-term growth of Etsy. As I said even as I step aside I really believe in the long-term growth potential of Etsy. So there is no difference of opinion in that way. I think Josh is the leader as I said in my remarks, I think Josh brings a lot of skills to Etsy that are very helpful at this stage in our growth and I'm really excited about that. 
Chad Dickerson: I can speak to Etsy payments. So Etsy payments which we first started rolling out almost five years ago has become a platform to our sellers really love to use and as I said in my remarks we've also found that sellers who use Etsy payments formally direct checkout are generally more successful than the one who don’t. So I think Etsy payments, as we begin to require for sellers, we believe we'll make sellers successful, so really happy with that.
Chad Dickerson: So Jennifer you can speak again in terms of the metrics that we did see as we said lower ACVV. And as I mentioned the office saw some macro issues that we've seen elsewhere in the economy, for example, you all probably heard that Q1 consumer spending growth was lower than it has been since the fourth quarter of 2009 as reported by the U.S. government. So those are the things that we saw in February.
Chad Dickerson: Sure. So on the headcount reduction, we exercise a really simple philosophy. We wanted to, as much as possible, ship cost out of G&A in the growth oriented areas. So we really looked out at in those terms and again that was on the heels of that realigning our teams and the reorganizing our teams to promote more clarity and accountability and speed in the works that they were doing. So we think that this is a right decision for Etsy in the long-term and I think it focuses the company much, much more. On the Etsy payment side, again what we found is that sellers who use Etsy payments again formally direct checkout are more successful than the sellers who are not, and since we’re so focused on seller's success. We believe that more and more sellers will continue to use Etsy payments and that we will be beneficial for individual sellers and the business overall.
Karen Mullane: We are continuing to gain attraction in our international strategy the international GMS that buyer and selling are in the same country outside of the United States is still the fastest growing bucket of GMS for us.
Karen Mullane: I would just add Mark, from February's perspective we're still unpacking how much were macro drivers. As Chad mentioned in this prepared comment and we key drivers for our model APDVs visits to conversion were all below what we expected. And I think it's a little bit -- some data and we've talked about from our brand marketing campaign, but it's a little too early to comment on any impact that might be having in buyer and seller growth.
Karen Mullane: And Andrew with regards to pattern, in our last call we give you an update about usage and we said roughly 2.5% of our active sellers in 2016 had used in the eight months since its launch. So I wouldn’t consider it a material driver of our GMS at this point in time.
Karen Mullane: Hey Blake, what we can tell you about the reduction is that it's mostly focused in headcount as we mentioned in our disclosures, 80 headcount positions roughly 8% of our work force. We'll provide additional detail when we update our guidance on our second quarter call.
