Chad Dickerson: Sure. So I'll start with the manufacturing question. Thanks for the question, Heath. It's still, as you mentioned, we’re nine months in to Etsy Manufacturing, it's still very early. We've had, as I mentioned, hundreds of manufacturers apply to the program. At this stage it's very early and it's a long-term bet for us. I think the really important thing to understand from a guidance perspective is that we're not expecting Etsy Manufacturing to be a meaningful contributor this year.
Chad Dickerson: And Andrew, I would add that the design of Pattern is built very specifically for Etsy sellers, so that they can really leverage their investment in their Etsy shop. So if you look at the cohort data for our sellers that we've released in the last call, our sellers have really loyal -- are really loyal and many of them have invested multiple years in their shops. And Pattern is a really great way to help our sellers who want to build a custom website, be able to launch their website literally in minutes. And as Kristina said, it's a relatively small team, but I think it's just another demonstration of the world-class engineering and product that we have here at Etsy.
Chad Dickerson: Thanks for the question, Blake. First of all, we announced in the last quarter that we plan to announce one seller service for this year, and that service was Pattern. However, we have talked frequently in the past about the research that we've done with our sellers. We spend a lot of time talking to our sellers about what they need. And one of the key pieces of that research that's been really consistent is our sellers spend about half their time on business tasks and half their time on creative tasks. And they really look to Etsy to build products to help them spend less time on the business tasks so that they can spend more time on the creative tasks. So we've talked to sellers for many years. Pattern was an example of addressing a marketing need. Our sellers really consistently told us that they wanted to be able to market themselves on their own websites, about a third of our sellers said that. But there are many other services that our sellers have asked or have told us that they need help with, so you can expect in the future that we'll continue to define and implement those services. I think the important thing is we really believe that we have a multiyear, long-term opportunity to build new seller services. And our seller services business today is only five years old; we've only had this revenue stream for five years. So we feel really confident that there are a number of services that we can build long term for our community.
Chad Dickerson: And on the second question, Darren, Pattern. Pattern is really an example of us helping our sellers sell anywhere they sell, in this case a website. Over the long term we do see opportunities to help our sellers sell in other venues, but we have no immediate plans in the areas that you just described.
Kristina Salen: Heath, on the international front, as I mentioned, the direct impact was still an improvement compared to both last year and last quarter. It was about 0.7 percentage points. So we're seeing a sequential improvement there and a year-over-year improvement. The indirect impact on the international buyer behavior, as you know, has always been an estimate for us. And what we're seeing is sequential improvement in both the quarter and in April, but still negative on a year-over-year basis. As I mentioned, the bucket of GMS that is international buyer to U.S. seller was down 11% in the first quarter, which is an improvement over the 13% decline that we saw in the fourth quarter. It's the first sequential improvement that we've seen, Heath. I'd also say and reiterate that we're seeing another sequential improvement in the month of April, which is a continuation of a positive trend but the first signs of a positive trend. It still is down, however, in April, albeit less so. What's super-exciting for us on the international front is continued progress on our local marketplaces global strategy. I think it's so important to remember that this bucket of international buyers and international sellers in the same country grew about 56% in the quarter. In the U.K. alone it grew 70%, and that's an acceleration. And again we're seeing that growth further accelerate in April, both the U.K. and in our five key markets. So we're very excited about the progress we're seeing in our global local strategy and the improving trends that we're seeing from an indirect currency perspective, albeit more tempered.
Kristina Salen: Thanks, Mike for the question. So when we look at the first quarter, we think we executed really well across all areas of Etsy. And that resulted in robust growth in marketplace and seller services revenue and also outsized EBITDA margins. Today we're reiterating our guidance for 2016 and for the next three years. Our performance in the first quarter was just driven by strong execution and we think we're well-positioned for a productive year going forward. But as it pertains to GMS, recall what we've talked about in terms of the drivers of our top line performance for 2016. We've talked about narrowing the gap in mobile GMS but we've said that the expectation is that we'll continue at the slow but steady pace of narrowing that we saw in 2015. We've talked about the percent international GMS as being roughly flat year over year, meaning no significant improvement in the contribution. And we've talked about robust seller services revenue growth coming from growing adoption. So when we look at those three underlying drivers of our GMS and revenue growth, what we've seen in the first quarter aligns with that. We narrowed the gap at a pace that was similar to previous quarters, the gap in mobile. Our international GMS was roughly flat year over year, slight improvement versus the fourth quarter. And we had robust seller services revenues growth driven in part by a -- by the integration of direct check-out into PayPal which will start to anniversary as we move through the year. So all of these are positive and in line with the drivers that we expected for our GMS and revenue guidance. From a margin perspective, as we've said in our guidance, we expect to -- we expect to see leverage in marketing expense as a percent of revenue as we move through the year. We saw it in the first quarter. So, marketing expense as a percent of revenue, marketing expense growth, won't necessarily be a driver of margin deterioration. But what we have said is we expect OpEx in full to grow as a percent of revenue. So far our performance has been in line with these expectations and again we're looking forward to a productive year. What we've called out specifically with regard to the first quarter relative to the remaining quarters of the year is that our marketing expense tends to be lower in the first quarter than another quarter, and I encourage you to look at 2015 and 2014 to validate that assertion. Also very specific to this first quarter is during the quarter we benefited from a one-time impact of gift cards revenue recognition, and that carries 100% incremental margin for us. And this revenue was about 2 points of adjusted EBITDA margin in the first quarter. And so, and finally, just to look at it seasonally, during the second and third quarters, we tend to record the lowest adjusted EBITDA margins of the year because we accelerate the pace of hiring and we ramp up our marketing campaigns as we move through the year. And again, I encourage you to go back and look at 2014 and 2015 to see evidence of that.
Kristina Salen: Sure, Andrew. So you're right, we don't break out the individual revenue contribution from direct checkout, promoted listings and shipping labels. So what we've said is that direct checkout is the largest contributor to seller services revenue. Promoted listings is a solid second. And shipping labels is a distant third. However, shipping labels is booked net, so it's 100% incremental. Promoted listings has the high incremental margin you'd expect from a search ads business. And direct checkout, while it has very nice margins, has lower than core Etsy margins, which again one would expect from a payment business. With regards to Pattern, you know, Pattern should have a scale margins that are similar to typical custom website margins. We haven't even recorded any revenue yet associated with Pattern because it's still on free trial, and as a reminder, it's $15 a month, with the first month free. So when we think about Pattern at scale, we haven't given any particular guidance with regard to its contribution to total, just as we haven't given any particular guidance on any of our seller services as to where they'll stand over the long term in terms of their total contribution to seller services revenue. I'd also say, with regard to the question of costs, to launch Pattern is really about headcount allocation. It doesn't require any tech infrastructure investment, any capital investment whatsoever. It's about looking at the opportunities that we have over the long term and prioritizing those opportunities by putting our best product managers, engineers and marketers behind it. So, Pattern doesn't require a significant amount of dollar investment. And to be sure, the team that works on it was relatively small and very nimble in getting the product out.
Kristina Salen: Sure, Gil. So it is a lease, it's a ten-year lease. And we're recognizing it using the build-to-suit accounting method, which causes us to record the full cost of the building plus any significant construction cost related to the build-out on our balance sheet as a capital asset. We've also booked a corresponding liability, the facility financing obligation. So we will still make traditional cash rent payments to the landlord. However, those payments to landlord will be treated similar to other capital leases. They'll be comprised of interest expense and principal payments on the facility financing obligation. But I would say, keep in mind that we negotiated a free rent period with the landlord, so these cash payments won't start until that free rent period ends. So, moving forward, there'll be two P&L impacts for you to think about, and that we -- I tried to highlight a bit in my prepared remarks. Depreciation expense related to the capital assets and interest expense related to the payments on the facility financing obligation. And so that will be an incremental $1 million to $2 million in the second quarter. And then going forward, it will be on average about $3 million a quarter for the remaining ten years on the lease. Once the free rent period ends in 2017, cash principal payments will be reflected on the cash flow statement, but it's not something that we'll see in 2016.
Kristina Salen: As I said, I don't know if I can give you much more of a preview than what I just gave. So the expectation --
Kristina Salen: We haven't disclosed that information, but as we get closer to 2017 and talk more specifically about 2017 guidance, we'll be happy to break that out for you.
Kristina Salen: The answer to your last question is no. So let me explain a little bit what happened in the first quarter. Three years ago we launched gift cards. And what we -- with a third-party provider. And the terms of our agreement was that over the ensuing three years we would spend time understanding the rate of breakage for our gift cards. We reached that three-year mark in the first quarter. And the third-party provider recognized revenue based on assumptions of gift cards that would never be used. Going forward then, we'll be using that standard to recognize unused gift card revenue and it will be a much smaller, almost de minimis impact on a monthly basis for gift card revenue going forward. Literally we're talking about thousands of dollars.
Kristina Salen: Thanks, Blake. We'll be updating our cohort data on an annual basis. So we have no updates in particular with regard to our cohorts. But one of the things that we did say when we provided 2011 and 2012 cohort data in the fourth quarter, and it's listed in the 10-K for those of you who haven't seen it, is that 2013 cohort data looks a lot like 2011 and 2012.
Kristina Salen: Sure. Just really quickly to your question, we'll be releasing that number in the 10-Q, which should be out in the next few days.
Kristina Salen: Sure thing, Mike. We incurred about $22 million total, as you've mentioned, and the remainder will flow through 2016.
