Debra Wasser: Hi, everyone, and welcome to Etsy's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. I'm Deb Wasser, VP of Investor Relations and ESG Engagement. And joining me today are: Josh Silverman, Chief Executive Officer; Rachel Glaser, Chief Financial Officer; and Jessica Schmidt, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Today's prepared remarks have been prerecorded. The slide deck has also been posted to our website for your reference. Once we are finished with Josh and Rachel's presentations, we will transition to a live video webcast Q&A session. Questions can be submitted via the Q&A window chat displayed on your screen. Feel free to use it at any time as it will remain open throughout the entire conference call. I'll be reading your questions, and Jessica will help me try to get to as many as we can. Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, some of which are described in today's earnings release and our most recent Form 10-K and which will be updated in future periodic reports that we file with the SEC. Any forward-looking statements that we make on this call are based on our beliefs and assumptions today, and we disclaim any obligation to update them. Also during the call, we'll present both GAAP measures and non-GAAP financial measures, which are reconciled to GAAP financial measures when available in the appendix to today's slide deck posted on our IR website, along with a replay of this call. With that, I'll turn it over to Josh. 
Debra Wasser: Okay. Great. Rachel, I'm going to come to you with a question from John Colantuoni at Jefferies. Last quarter, you provided some color around second half GMS expectations. Can you update us on your outlook for GM for [ 2022 ] to 2023. 
Debra Wasser: Okay. Great. I think that is a great note to end on. So thank you, everyone. Thanks, Josh. Thanks, Rachel, and we'll talk to you all in person and virtually soon -- very soon. 
Joshua Silverman: Yes, happy to. Thanks for the question. The last couple of weeks have been solid, very solid. And so for example, it looks like we're going to have a strong Mother's Day. And if that kind of trend and momentum continues, that would put us at the top end of the guide. But as we've said, it has been volatile. And so if we look back at last year in May on a year over -- versus 2019, we saw a decel in the month of May. It's really hard to tell if 2022 is, in fact, predictive of what we're going to see in 2023. There were a lot of unique events happening in 2022 with reopening, for example, and a shift away from goods and towards services. And that's been the challenge recently as there were a lot of discrete events in 2022. And there were a lot of discrete events in 2021, and there's a lot of discrete events in 2020. So honestly, 2019 is still the last year one can look back at and see it as a sort of "normal year", which makes forecasting over a longer period of time just trickier for us. And we've continued to see some volatility. We're 2.5x bigger than we were in 2019. We are a much bigger business. And so the idea that all of the sequencing of our quarters would be the same and all of that is possible, but we just don't know yet. So we're encouraged by the trends of the last few weeks, and we're especially encouraged that given everything going on in the macro, we've retained so much of the gain since the pandemic and have so many buyers that keep coming back. So many active buyers, we were able to reactivate buyers, bring in new buyers. We're very encouraged by what we see, particularly as we look out over the medium and long-term for Etsy. 
Joshua Silverman: Yes. We're seeing good returns and success from our brand spend. So we tend to run brand in each of our 4 quarters. We're, I think, going to move to more of a pulsing strategy, but you should expect to see us continue to invest in each of our quarters, and I would expect the investment to be the heaviest in the fourth quarter as usual. But the strategic intent is really Etsy has it. That campaign, Etsy has it, is so important. The fact that Etsy sellers sell billions of dollars of home furnishings, it's our largest category. And when you ask people name 3 places to shop for home furnishings, only 3% of people unprompted will name Etsy. There is a massive opportunity. So I know we've said before, people love Etsy. They just don't know when to think of Etsy. And connecting the dots much more specifically, when you think of home furnishings, think of Etsy. When you think of style, think of Etsy. When you think of gifts, think of Etsy. And I don't want to be confused that, that is exhaustive or that those are the only 3 categories that we would market. Of course, you can buy so many things on Etsy for so many occasions. But we want to start being much more concrete with people because when you just say, come to Etsy for virtually anything, people don't really know what to do with that. The more specific we can be, I think, there's a tremendous opportunity because we know when they do come to Etsy for home furnishings. When they do come to Etsy for style, when they do come to Etsy for gifts, when they do come to Etsy for pets and babies and all weddings and all of the other things, there's a tremendous experience. There's a tremendous experience. And as I said on the call, look back over the things you've bought in the last 90 days, and I'm willing to bet that there are many times when something you bought, if you went and looked on Etsy, we had something that was more special, great value, and you just didn't think of us. 
Joshua Silverman: I just want to jump in on that and say, as Rachel talked about, and I know we've talked about a lot. We really think about value creation per squad. And every squad is given -- here's a customer problem to fix and here's a financial metric to measure success. And I think that's been part of the secret sauce of Etsy. We're not afraid to stop doing -- when a squad has gone a little bit and not been able to unlock value, we're not afraid to pivot that squad to other things. And the team had yet another really strong quarter in the first quarter. So we're really pleased with the value creation we're getting from the team. We know it's making the customer experience better and doing it in a way that shows up in our financial metrics. And we're proud of that and think that this investment right now is a good one for shareholders. 
Joshua Silverman: Yes. So I think it is the question, what gives us confidence. And what gives me confidence, first and foremost, is that we have a great product that meets a really wide variety of purchase occasions. We don't need to go and figure out how to be good at weddings or good at babies or good at home furnishings or good at style or good at pets or good at gifts or good at Mother's Day or other things. Hardly a week goes by when there aren't multiple good purchase occasions to shop on Etsy. So that's the first pillar of strength that gives me confidence. So what do we need to do then to unlock it? Well, there's, first, I think, a big consideration challenge. While people love Etsy generally, they don't know when to think of us. And again, 3% of people unaided when you say home furnishings, will name Etsy as a top-of-mind place to go for home furnishings. Similar for style, and these are 2 of our very largest categories. So I won't bore you with all the rest, but if we have such low awareness in our largest categories, gifting is the only one where we get to even 10%, we're only 11% there. So I think there is an enormous opportunity in simply achieving better top-of-mind consideration. In addition to that, Etsy can feel more organized and more curated and we can convey more trust. So when you think, I want to come to Etsy for home furnishings, knowing that we're going to have easy wayfinding that's going to make it easy, knowing that the best of Etsy, the high-quality stuff pop and come to the top is important and having confidence in the post-purchase experience. And we have really exciting, great plans to tackle each of those. 
Joshua Silverman: Yes. And again, we're really excited about the progress at Depop, the Kruti and [ Raf ] and the leadership team there have really been making a lot of progress, and it's very exciting. So we talked in our prepared remarks about the increase in velocity. They are shipping a lot faster now to improve the customer experience, and they're doing it in a way that's highly focused on things that we think are really improving the quality of the experience overall, and it's showing up, as I said in the call, in terms of conversion rate already moving. So we're getting you faster to the products you want to buy and there's a big focus right now on affordability. So search and affordability are both big focuses at Depop. I will say on affordability, that's also a big focus on Reverb right now. How do you make sure that sellers are pricing at a price that's attractive to buyers? And in a period where we had supply chain issues a year ago, a lot of sellers have perceptions in mind of what an item might be worth where it's worth less now than it was a year ago. So how do you coach sellers in the right way to make sure that they set the pricing that's attractive and it's going to actually sell. Were able to learn from each other now, and in fact, Etsy is experimenting now with make an offer, and we're excited, allowing vintage sellers to opt in to make an offer, and that's actually based on the learnings we're seeing from Depop and Reverb. So I think the opportunity for us to share learnings in some of these core strategic areas is super exciting. 
Joshua Silverman: Yes. Great. So first, we're focused on democratizing ML generally at Etsy. So we have been using machine learning, a variety of machine learning techniques at Etsy for some time. We've built a really good infrastructure that allows us to be very agile at this. And we've got talent on the team that know how to use these tools. So now it's really about making sure that we have both the tools and the training and the process so that all of the engineers at Etsy can be using machine learning because it's applicable -- and I'm not speaking about generative AI more narrowly. I'm speaking with different types of machine learning techniques of which gen AI is only one. But it's applicable to so many of our engineers in their daily life to make the customer experience better. I am excited about generative AI in particular. And so we have shifted a few squads to focus specifically on generative AI. When you run a search at Etsy, we already use multiple machine learning techniques. So I don't think generative AI replaces everything we're doing, but it's another tool that will be really powerful. And there are times when having a conversation instead of entering a query and then getting a bunch of search results and then going back and reformulating your query and then getting a bunch of search results, that's not always very satisfying. And being able to say, no, I meant more like this. How about this? I'd like something that has this style and have that feel like more of a conversation, I think that can be a better experience a lot of the time. And I think in particular for Etsy where we don't have a catalog, it might be particularly powerful. So we tend not to take a team and tell them go away and come back in a year with a big bang launch. We tend to be very agile and say, "Just start shipping. Just start testing things. What are problems our customers have that this tool is good at solving and come up with ideas and launch them." And if they work, fantastic. If they don't, we roll it back and we keep going. So we've pulled a couple of squads already, and asked them to begin coming up with ideas for where in the search experience they think this can help and then start testing those. So I would expect that we're going to try to move fast, be agile and learn. And I'm sure we won't get it all right at the beginning, but I have a pretty high degree of confidence that over time, this is going to be a powerful accelerator for Etsy. 
Joshua Silverman: Yes. There's -- in my experience, a lot of markets that do very well, international markets that are really well suited for a two-sided peer-to-peer marketplace like Etsy. The U.K. is the first place I'd point, where our penetration rates are now approaching those of the U.S. And by the way, I think the U.S. is in its early days. Only 1 out of 3 women shopped actively on Etsy in the most recent time we reported that and only 1 out of 10 men, and I think we have an opportunity to grow that a lot. And I think we have an opportunity to grow frequency a lot in the U.S. That's certainly true in the U.K. But I think it's impressive the progress we've made in the U.K., achieving penetration rates now that are getting to be pretty similar to the U.S. When we then turn to Germany, the next market we looked at was Germany, and we said, what if we lean into Germany. And we do TV marketing a little earlier than we normally would. And the results we've seen in the past year or 2 in Germany are very encouraging. Germany in spite of a lot of macro conditions in that market more broadly, the Etsy German business is doing quite well. Now we're focused on France. We also have begun investing in India, and we're excited about India as a further afield market. The Western European markets, the North American markets, Canada and Western Europe tend to be the ones that operate the most similar to the U.S., particularly high trust markets where the postal system works well, payments work well and people have a lot of confidence that people they've never met are going to ship a package and it's going to arrive. Those tend to be the ingredients to get to relatively high penetration in a market. So we're certainly focused on some of those Western European markets. But I'm excited about many markets over the world. I think as commerce becomes more commoditized, people are going to crave special. They're going to want to keep commerce human more and more all around the world. And I think Etsy has got what lots of people need. 
Joshua Silverman: Yes. We were super excited about Etsy Up last year. It was incredibly popular with sellers, so we're going to keep doing it. In general, our goal is to take the sellers with the skill and will to succeed and give them as much agency as possible, as much information as possible so they can be as effective and efficient as possible. So a lot of the focus right now is how do we help them understand what are the next few actions they can take to be more successful? For example, in the recorded part of the call, I talked about quality and how the merchandising team has Etsy Picks, and we're able to identify what looks like high quality to a human and then train machine learning to help identify those items that really seem to represent the best of Etsy and make those most prominent in front of buyers. I'm really excited about that initiative. I think there's a lot of upside there and to really elevate the Etsy brand and drive conversion rate. But part of, of course, what we want to do then is take the insights and give those back to the sellers and say, here are the areas where you could focus, maybe you need better photography or you're not hitting some of the service levels that buyers expect. And give those insights back to the seller, so they can use those insights, so they can get more success, drive more conversion rate, get more visibility. We're -- we've launched a new sell on Etsy app that is going to allow us to have much more rapid releases for sellers. So we can do things like put the right data and dashboards in front of sellers. It's a big focus of ours and a big investment to give them tools and dashboards, offer quality, make an offer, again, how do we help them give them tools so they can think about what's the right pricing. And so all of these are areas that we're really excited about to help, again, give our sellers agencies so they can be as successful as possible. 
Rachel Glaser: Would love to. Thanks for the question. So first, let's start with active buyers overall being up to $89.9 million. So it's been -- it was positive in the quarter. And then we can shift to new buyers. We added 6.7 million new buyers, which is up 50% versus our pre-COVID levels. We reactivated 6 million buyers, which was up 21%, and those reactivated buyers are very valuable. They spend about 35% -- they have about a 35% higher LTV in the first year after repurchasing versus a new buyer. And then we can talk about active buyers on a trailing 12-month basis, remained above pre-COVID levels. So on a quarterly basis, retention trends improved both on a prior year basis and prior quarter basis. And then lastly, and I do want to point out, we did talk about habitual buyers on the call, and I -- so I'm going to give this step, but we didn't have a slide on it. So I'm repeating it, but we did disclose that we had 7 million habitual buyers, which were up about 238% from the prior quarter, which is down about 10% year-over-year. They still represent about 43% of GMS in the quarter. 
Rachel Glaser: And the -- we have said that in the past, we haven't disclosed buyer cohorts by geography, but we have said that a greater percentage of our new buyers are coming from outside the U.S. So that's the metric that we've disclosed about that. 
Rachel Glaser: So we guided to 26%, approximately 26% EBITDA margins in the second quarter, and we delivered 26.6% in the first quarter. So there's a slight contraction to margins Q1 versus Q2. About half of that decel is coming from investments we're making in marketing campaigns at Depop, so that's about half of it. And then the balance of it is coming from the fact that in Q1, we had a discrete tax event that gave us some benefit in Q1 that will not repeat in Q2. And we talked about headcount being up about 11% year-over-year in Q1. We did slow our hiring starting last Q2, and we've kept a slower hiring pace, but we are annualizing the hires that we made, and we've continued to strategically invest in hiring. We're seeing some growth in our product development line, which is where most of the hires have been made between product and engineers, and we've carefully measured that product development investment for ROI. We're really pleased with the returns we get. Those returns are -- take about an 18-month payback period. So we measure them, but it takes a little time for the return to bear fruit. 
Rachel Glaser: So the guide we gave for Q2 implies a sort of flat sequential take rate. We have seen growth in take rate coming a lot from Etsy Ads because we keep on making the product better. So we are investing in making the relevancy of a promoted listing as strong as the relevancy of the rest of our listings, and that drives click-through rate up, and we get a lot of -- you see it in the revenue line. When Etsy ads goes up and the take rate goes up, as you know, we're also able to invest more in marketing, so it's a nice virtuous flywheel. We also had some benefit from Etsy Payments in the quarter because more of the mix of our GMS is coming internationally where the Etsy Payments fees bear a slightly higher price. So that's another thing that's driving Etsy Payments up. You've heard us talk a lot before about when we do -- when we get a take rate increase, we tend to invest the majority of that incremental revenue back in the marketplace so that it benefits the sellers and it benefits usually the buyer experience and it benefits Etsy. So we've been doing exactly as we said. We've been taking a lot of that incremental take rate from the price change that we did last year from growth in Etsy Ads and reinvesting it in things like marketing and more product. And we always follow a philosophy of a fair exchange of value where we can see products or services that benefit our sellers that we feel that there's fees that should go with it. We will consider those things, and that's what we've done in the past, and that's what you're seeing with growth in Etsy Ads. 
Rachel Glaser: John, thanks for the question. So we haven't given second half guidance at all. In fact, in this quarter, we gave a pretty wide range. So we had negative 6% at the low, and we had 2% at the high, and we've seen some positive growth days. And so we are -- it's volatile. And so we are even having trouble with 1/3 of the quarter behind us, we're having -- it's difficult to be able to give you a precise view on what even the quarter will look like. We've given you the best information we can. So when we extend that out to what the whole second half may look like, it's even a broader range, if you will. So you can see that we could have a case where we plan scenarios where macro conditions worsen, we plan scenarios where macro conditions get better, and you can see that range extending out through the full year. We're really looking forward to a time where we'd be able to give full-year guidance. Right now, it's just too unpredictable for us to be able to say. 
Rachel Glaser: Thanks, Shweta, for the question. I think we were hypothesizing that it could be that we are becoming a more seasonal business because we did see a bigger Q4 and a bigger sequential decline in Q1. The fact is we -- it's hurt -- every single quarter, there seems to be some once in a lifetime event that has happened that -- we've had wars, we've had pandemics. We've had reopenings. We've had massive tax relief. So it's really hard for us to pattern recognize anything right now. But that is what we did see in this Q4 to Q1 was that we had a very significant sized Q4 and a bigger decel Q1 versus Q4 than we've observed in the past, and it could be that with our top-of-mind awareness growing, it's a place for Etsy for -- in a period of time where people are opening up their wallets and shopping for gifts, People think of Etsy more often during that time, and that is becoming more seasonal for us as you see other e-commerce and other retail experiencing. 
