Rachel Glaser: Well, I'll start and then maybe Josh wants to jump in. So you're seeing our trend, we've been continuing to accelerate GMS quarter after quarter on a currency neutral basis and we are giving you guidance that would suggest that that trend is something that we'd to expect to continue. There is a range, so in the fourth quarter, the range would be 17% to 20%, yes, compared to a higher comp from last year. At the low end of that range, there wouldn't be acceleration versus Q3. But the - towards the midpoint or higher, we will continue to follow the trend line that we're seeing so far in 2018.
Rachel Glaser: Should we answer the question though? So the answer to the question is what we said last quarter was that we were flowing through 20% of the incremental revenue. And so just bear in mind by the way that the revenue did not launch until two weeks into the third quarter. So this quarter, we're getting a full quarter of that incremental revenue. And in our highest - certainly we indicated that typically 30% of our revenue in GMS comes in the fourth quarter, so it is a full quarter of the incremental revenue and a - and the highest revenue quarter and that's approximately the same flow-through to EBITDA.
Rachel Glaser: I think Tom the other - you asked sort of when do we see that happening, I - we can't give you guidance specifically on 2019 or beyond. I think that might be interesting fodder for conversation at the Investor Day that we'll have in the spring. But what we did say was that frequency - sort of the green shoots of improvement in frequency has been starting to show and that - this is the fourth consecutive quarter, where GMS on a trailing 12-month basis per active buyer has been - has increased.  And so you're seeing all the things that Josh just described as reasons to believe, and initiatives that we're putting behind it to make it happen, are starting to actually show up in the numbers.
Rachel Glaser: Let me take the DaWanda one first and then maybe Josh can talk about holiday. So we said that the migration of DaWanda sellers to Etsy went very well and the redirect of the DaWanda website to Etsy's website in Germany went very well.  We said that Germany is now our second largest international market outside - with the U.K. being first and then we also said that the vibrancy - there's a sign of vibrancy in that German market because actually 50% of the transactions are happening between buyers and sellers that are in the German market. So that's, to us, a sign that you've got a really healthy two-sided marketplace there. So for all intents and purposes, we felt really pleased with the migration of DaWanda. We also said that international was 35% of total GMS, I think, a year ago, so it's - and it was growing 26% in the quarter, I think 27% on a currency neutral basis. Germany contributed to that, but on its own without - and Germany is a, on its own, a significant driver of our overall GMS growth, international is growing nicely, but you can use those numbers to figure out what contributions DaWanda made to all of that.
Rachel Glaser: On the shipping, yes, we have carrier relationships in Canada and the U.S. and we've got the Canada Post and in the U.S. we have the United States Postal Service and FedEx and we just completed an arrangement with Royal Mail in the U.K. And we've said in the past that we're working in close on also a carrier arrangement in Australia. So those things provide good rates for our sellers and they can choose or not, it's not required to use our shipping label products, which not only gives them access to those preferred rates, but also gives them the ease of being able to easily turn a shipping label and have accuracy with what the shipping cost is going to be. So that's sort of a stepping stone to getting more unification on best rates that they can then pass forward to the customer and get things like tracking number, so that we can better estimate delivery dates and things like that. But we're - it's still early days yet. There's still a lot of opportunity on shipping and that is one of them. On the debt leverage, yeah, so you can look at our fundamentals and you can see that we have a pretty nice balance sheet, very clean and lots of opportunity to do further capital raise and financing and more to come on that. We've announced our share buyback today and we think that's a good use of capital for the moment and we can talk more about balance sheet as we go forward.
Josh Silverman: Yes. So I mean, I think you're right. The comp is tougher this quarter than it has been in the past and we're giving you guidance to suggest that we think we can maintain growth for the rest of this year. It's early in the quarter. Q4 is a really back-weighted quarter, but we think that the product improvements that we are making are having an impact on the customer experience. We think the marketing investments that we're making are working. And so we're coming into the fourth quarter feeling cautiously optimistic about our ability to sustain our growth.
Josh Silverman: So we've shared that maybe 15% or so of sellers are adopting Promoted Listings, but they are disproportionately our largest and most successful sellers. I think we've also shared that they have given us more budget than we are currently able to spend. So one way, we've taken advantage of that over the past, call it, 18 months as inventory expansion. And what I mean by that is providing more real estate on Etsy for Promoted Listings. And that's been pretty successful. And there's probably still some opportunity to find more real estate that would be available, but we have done a fair amount there and are starting to lap some of that. An area that I think still has quite a lot of opportunity is to do better on the algorithms we use to pick which Promoted Listing to show to which user at which moment. And that is rich and robust and full of machine learning, where you get better and better and better over time, and I think we're still very early days in terms of the quality of those algorithms. The other thing that I would point out there is more traffic. There's a fourth lever, which is obviously getting more traffic to the website, it would drive more Promoted Listings and so we're working hard on that as well.
Josh Silverman: So when sellers - when buyers say they find an item they liked on Etsy and they didn't buy it, one of the top reasons was because shipping price was too high. And so we know this is a material friction point for us. And I shared a couple of numbers. I think the one that I find most powerful is that buyers perceive about half of the items on Etsy as having a price that is too high relative to what they expect. And by the way what they expect may not be directly related to what the postal service is charging the seller. And the sellers have in mind sometimes something very little. So what you're seeing is, first, a lot of education from me over the past few quarters, not just me, but the whole team to educate sellers more about how to think about shipping prices. Now, what we've started to do is to incorporate that more into our search algorithms, so that we more prominently promote things that buyers perceive have attractive and competitive shipping prices. Sellers pay a lot of attention to where they rank in the search algorithms. And by the way, we've also recently launched some more detailed and more easy-to-understand seller dashboards that our sellers can really see what's happening with their search results and what they can do to make that get better. And you're going to see some pretty prominent discussions or promotions for sellers, where their shipping price is perceived to be too high, we're going to be letting them know that that's impacting their search. And that if they want to become more prominent, they've got to fix that. I think that it needs to be the case that buyers find shipping prices on Etsy to be competitively priced. And by the way, I don't think it's a scenario, where we win, where we stand up by winning, but a scenario where we've got to at least meet table stakes. And I think that the price of shipping is a table stake's item more and more in e-commerce. I do feel great about the fact that we grew at 20% GMS this quarter, while shipping prices were too high, and have been too high for a long time. And I think it's been table stakes that shipping prices be low or zero for quite some time now. So I get really excited when I think about what we can do as we really get after and fix this problem. One thing that I do think is different about Etsy, fundamentally different, is that our items, many, many of our items are not sitting in a warehouse and available to ship tomorrow. And I actually think in many ways that's a strength. They are made for the person who's buying them. They have the opportunity to be personalized or customized, made-to-order. That's special. That's one of the great things about Etsy. So we've got to do a better job of communicating, it's not that everything needs to arrive in two days, but we do need to tell the buyer buy when they can expect the item and then we need to live to that commitment. And I think that will also be significant forward progress for Etsy.
Josh Silverman: I don't think you're putting too much emphasis on it. I mean, I think it's one of the key things that - a huge opportunity for Etsy. And just to pull back for a second. What gets me really excited is what spending time in the inventory of Etsy, looking at so many great products for sale that really are relevant. And we've got to do a better job surfacing the good stuff and surfacing it at the right time for the right buyer. That's on us, we've got to do a better job and I think we're making real progress. But I know that the product is there and it's terrific. The other thing and that gives me a lot of confidence is we're not trying to create a whole new use cases that don't currently exist. There are meaningful numbers of people who love us for weddings. There are meaningful number of people who love us for birthdays. There are a meaningful number of people who love us for decorating their apartments. There are meaningful number of people for who love us for getting dressed up and wearing that special dress for the party. There are large communities of people who exist for each of those purchase occasions. We've got to do a better job of stringing them together and telling that story. And I do think that that's a combination of incremental steady progress, where we're making the experience better every time you come and visit and I do think people notice. And then some more disruptive changes. And as we make steady progress in the product, starting to disrupt people's understanding about the brand and what it is and when we're relevant at the right time, I think that's where maybe more high-funnel above-the-line kinds of marketing can help to reeducate about the consumer, about all the different times that we are relevant.
Josh Silverman: And in terms of holiday, if I look at the buying experience today versus what it was on January 1 of this year, we've made real improvements. It's easier to find the good stuff and it's easier to buy things on Etsy. And I think that that is bearing fruit. As we look at specific holiday preparations, the big strategic decision we made is to try to avoid throwaway work. So we really tried to focus on things that would be reusable and valuable throughout all of 2019 and beyond, instead of just one-offs for the holidays. So some of our big focus areas are around curation and discovery. So you're seeing already nicely curated sets of editors' picks and other things to really highlight and showcase some really great stuff for sale in Etsy. We've improved the recommendations algorithms, we continue to improve the search algorithms. You will see our sellers are enabled to run cyber sales, so we will enable our sellers to participate in that this year like we did last year. And we've built a better platform to allow for sales to happen with a lot less effort from our staff here at Etsy as well as from the sellers. So we think we're going to have a really great holiday experience and we hope it turns into strong results as we've guided for the quarter.
