Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone and than you for joining us. Turning to slide four. In the first quarter, our focus on execution and controlling what we could control, produced strong results despite a persistent challenging macroeconomic environment. We delivered adjusted earnings per share of $0.69, a 13% increase year-over-year. Strong local pricing actions delivered 1% overall increase in price. This is a strong achievement, given the deflationary environment that existed late in the quarter in key commodity inputs. Excluding Feedstocks and Energy, volume was flat indicating share gains in key sectors as the year-on-year market comparable was against a strong Q1 2012. Notably, we drove demand and share growth in emerging geographies, particularly in Latin America. Our performance plastics franchise delivered a very strong performance due to a robust and positive U.S. feedstock fundamentals and focused price discipline in Europe where the market remains very soft. Agricultural sciences achieved record level sales and EBITDA on healthy farmer demand and increasing sales of new technologies. Equity earnings increased due primarily to strong performance from our ethylene-based joint ventures in Kuwait. As a result, adjusted EBITDA grew nearly 10% and adjusted EBITDA margins expanded 170 basis points, a strong outcome in the current environment and we continued our intense focus on cash management evidenced by nearly $500 million increase in cash flow from operations year-over-year. Finally, in line with our stated cash priorities, we continued to de-leverage reducing gross debt just over $900 million in the period. In sum, our result this quarter clearly illustrates the level of blocking and tackling and operational excellence with which our executive team and business leaders are aggressively manage our businesses. Every member of our leadership team is personally accountable for driving price and volume management, delivering our committed cost reductions, optimizing cash generation capabilities across our global asset grid and prioritizing working capital and capital expenditures. We are driving a total focus on cash, capital and cost with price maximization wherever we can get it, all of this in a soft global environment. As we enter the second quarter, we continue to make progress with strategic investments that enable us to capture growth in our focused approach to end user and geographic markets while at the same time aggressively managing our portfolio. We are actively slipping out of those units that are underperforming and deciding on their future as well as applying a best owner mindset and discerning lens across the entire company. I am confident we have the right plan in place to deliver near-term's earnings growth and the right long-term catalyst to reach our target and drive sustainable value. I'll have more to say on this on in a moment, but first let me turn it over to Bill for more detail on our financial and operating results in the quarter.
Andrew Liveris: Yes. So, let me go backwards. The volume point actually as I said to you this morning is something that is hidden in the way the volume loss was. Actually, it primarily reflects some end-of sales agreements from our polypropylene divestiture year-on-year, therefore the comparable on feedstocks and energy is not good because of that loss of those agreements as we were expecting it of course, plus a lot of feed slates, led to lower co-product sales, so it was less about losing volume based on price measures and that was mostly therefore in our feedstocks and energy business. Rest assured that we are watching very carefully price volume trade-offs and we believe that the ability to lead price increases in a lot of our businesses was based on understanding where to maximize margin. There are some very competitive assets that we have where we can really play our low-cost position, but we also have to watch our operating rate. So, yes, that's a weekly tracking activity P.J., we are very, very selective on how to get it done and there are some change, where price wasn't very responsive but in the main we got price where we needed to get them.
Andrew Liveris: Well, the announced list that we did in March that Bill did at one of the conferences included a couple of specialties, plastic additives and polypropylene, so the first cut polypropylene licensing is a true high-margin specialty business, the plastic additives and polypropylene businesses therefore good performance in the specialty portfolio, but we don't see them as strategic versus our other choices. And really that's our lens. It's ROC and strategic choices. Strategic choices are made on where we can actually be winners in end-use markets like electronics for example where we got a little bit of M&A going on occasionally, AgroSciences is a little bit of M&A going on occasionally, portfolio managing, so we can grow where we need to grow and if we see specialty businesses that we can't grow, we will divest them, so yes you can count on us doing more.
Andrew Liveris: Well, as you know, our portfolio in Latin America and the quarter showed this, the big performers were AgroSciences, which has nothing to do with that particular point, and Performance Plastics, which has a little to do with that point, but also remember that a bulk of our Performance Plastics in Latin America is from our Argentinean asset which is solution Lilia low-density polyethylene that goes into things like food packaging. We have customers for example, multilayer fills for food packaging in Brazil, we just had a big win where five of the six layers, are our film, our plastic in that film. So a very high end specialty. We don’t see therefore the down drop from the commodity petrochemical side as much as others, because of the nature of our mix.
Andrew Liveris: I wouldn’t either and I would not neither, Hassan, and I - look you can see that from a variety of different ways, Braskem wanting to invest in Mexico, lots of Latin American producers coming up to the U.S. We have said our assets in Texas and Louisiana being built for U.S. demand. But if we export some of that will go to the Americas and therefore we will be advantaged even with that point you are making.
Andrew Liveris: We did sequentially on polyurethanes. Yes. Basically the point that P.J. made, strong bulk and tackling price volume management. Our polyurethanes and epoxy business is sequentially and our coatings business really improved based on exactly that point.
Andrew Liveris: in the main, Kevin, the commentary is around 2.5% to 3.5% global GDP growth rate these next several years with the early years, like this one, being at 2.5%, close to the 2.5% versus 3.5%. So look, that 2% delta, we have it going into the 90s early next year based on conservative GDP assumptions. Again, we can always go south from there. If you go south from 2.5% global GDP, you will get rationalizations, I think, especially I have never seen a cash cost curve on ethylene as steep as this one. The Northeast Asians, the Southeast Asians and the Europeans are very disadvantaged in the slow growth economy or no growth economy. So, there will be pressure if the GDP goes down side from our assumptions. Our assumptions, I think, they are pretty solid and have the operating rates in the 90s next year.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, ECU dynamics what Dow have, as we stated many times, value add to chlorine for our downstream derivatives. As time goes by, we will continue to look for more partners of the Mitsui kind and the Shintech kind who are interested in the EDC vinyl chain. We are not, and therefore, we are, if you like asset liking less capital intensity in that area. As we get assets coming up the end of useful life we will make decisions around partnership or shut down. I think that is protecting our downstream assets. If we can find a low-cost chlorine provider, versus producing our own, we will go that path. We are firmly on that path and one nothing will take us off that path, because we see the value add. Remember, also we now have a PO process that doesn't need chlorine. So, as we look at building against PO and PO derivatives in the U.S. that will be chlorine based, so you can see us making those moves over the next several while. Once we get DMCA started up in the back half of this year, we will be we relooking at the next a lot of chlorine investment with a view of not doing it ourselves.
Andrew Liveris: I love it when a question has the answer. That's great. That's exactly, but the propane in Europe was exactly the lighter aspect of it. And, as you know we have the ability to be the lightest of the crackers in Europe is into news because of our conversion of propane over the many years we have been there, so it just led to less our remaining sales because we had co-product sales from cracking propane.
Andrew Liveris: Yes. Just two data points we have given the market now. $150 million was this year. $350 million was its run rate number, which the ramp up will be as we get the ethylene cycle and that will be the next year or two as I already answered on a previous question.
Andrew Liveris: So, Peter, a little bit but no, not much shift at all. Really, at the end of the day, less shift than normal, way less and it was really what it really is. We have said this is the market for sometime. This year is a big year, as is next year for the launch of four major new products for Dow AgroScience. Dow AgroScience has big year-on-year growth. It was the beginnings of all those new product launches are appearing in the expense column ahead of the revenue column and so refuge advanced power coal, Sulfoxaflor and ENLIST are all coming now this year and this big EBITDA numbers that we are pre-funding with R&D and marketing and promotional strategies. That’s why a disproportion amount of the sales dollar went into funding all that versus the EBITDA column. That’s it pretty much and that is alone. I just want to reaffirm, this agreement with Monsanto is validating game changing agreement for ENLIST and basically says it is going to be the trait of choice, frankly, for not just corn but for a variety of traits for soybean.
Andrew Liveris: And I would also state that has been a high invest business for us, the Seeds, Traits and Oils. I will just tell you that that’s approaching breakeven these days.
Andrew Liveris: John, your question. So since we had the December investor forum, we talked about ROC. We also talked about markets where Dow can really grow because of its successes. Packaging, from a plastics point of view. AgroSciences, where we just finished talking about and food nutrition, so it's natural the portfolio context to do two things and if it across as more aggressive then fine. One, a market-driven capabilities and keep investing the thing you are winning at with an ROC best owner mindset, therefore nothing is sacred. We are going to keep driving that. That's what you can expect from us in the next many months and next many quarters and it's not just businesses that are on the commodity end as for the question P.J. We will be looking at specialty businesses that we can't grow at the pace that need to be grown and will be making those decisions from a portfolio point of view.
Andrew Liveris: No. We don't expect greater, what we know, used historically. Back historically it's been as high. Two, we are using a 30-year average when we look at the multipliers, so no change there is the short answer, Vincent.
Andrew Liveris: Well, yes. That's a fascinating question. I think if you are the producer side of this, you are basically seeing ethane at rejection levels. You know all the dry gas wells shutting, when gas prices went down below $3. As you know gas prices are rocketing up. And, as we predicted, but ethane is staying quite low and the question we put out is that to keep producing NGLs, what's the bottom. I don't think we are smart enough to call bottom, but I can definitely tell you that ethane is going to be like this now over the next year or two or three and we will keep testing bottoms and frankly keep testing breakthroughs higher than 30 or 35. So, I think ethane will be range bound with sorts of bottoms that you are talking about possible, maybe as kind detours, but in the 20s for the next year or two. I think is what our guys are calling.
Andrew Liveris: In China, volumes were down 3% year-on-year, so now remembering that Chinese New Year and all the things Peter talked about Easter and all that nothing affects them, but just [global]. On little fact audition on China, their GDP now only has 25% of it driven by exports, where that number used to be historically around 50% to 60%. That's a big change, one. Two, consumption is down. That have was down government spending on all wasteful areas including things like backlog, so I would tell you China is soft, but started to show trend positive. I am not calling the turn. I think, we are planning is it going to be soft year, but there's a chance of tailwinds in second half.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, propylene moving around like it did in the quarter was not a good thing for more commodity based propylene derivatives in terms of price power. The good news is that all of the coatings stuff is not impacted by that as much as it used to be. The ones that are, like (inaudible) where there is weak markets there is clearly going to be margin squeeze in the face of falling propylene. It is going to be hard to maintain price momentum. The way we are answering that is, we are not looking at deselecting customers and deselecting assets if we have to so that we can keep a high margin or, if you like, above the cost of capital, that’s our ROC lens. But there will be volatility and with downward projector already in April, there is going to be top sledding to get the price momentum in more commodity like propylene derivatives. A bottom line answer.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, as the last question, I don’t make this the headline again. The comment I have is no comment. We are basically, we will reevaluate after DMCA comes up, what happens to the chlorine envelope as I answered on our previous question.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I do. Thanks very much, everyone, for tuning in. Obviously we feel good about our quarter because we control what we could control. We had an EPSB. The revenue miss is not great because of what Bill said and I said about the feedstocks. We feel good, not because of the base, we feel good because of what we are doing. And what we are doing is we are working hard on the portfolio, we working very, very much on the things that matter to us in terms of prioritizing growth with the best on our mindset and shareholder value for us is key. You can expect us to continue to reduce debt. You can expect to continue to rewarding shareholders. At the end of the day, as the economy stabilizes to continue to control what we can control. Thanks, Doug.
