James R. Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Moving to Consumer Solutions on slide 10, the segment achieved an all-time operating EBITDA record of $492 million, boosted by the integration of Dow Corning, which is further enhancing our end-market positions across this segment. This marks the fifth consecutive quarter of EBITDA growth for this segment and it demonstrates the power and differentiation of our Consumer, Automotive and Electronic Materials franchises. Dow Automotive achieved its seventh consecutive quarter of EBITDA growth and a record third quarter EBITDA led by double-digit volume gains in Asia Pacific on new business wins and market share gains. The business continues to grow above market on demand for Dow's light-weighting solution. Consumer Care grew market shares through gains in home care market sectors and new innovation for personal hygiene solutions. Silicones in the Consumer Solutions segment delivered double-digit volume growth in Asia-Pacific behind demand for electronic and automotive applications. The business also achieved its first cross-selling opportunities with the Dow Automotive, Consumer Care and Polyurethanes businesses. And Dow Electronic Materials achieved record quarterly EBITDA. In addition to ongoing self-help measures, the business captured strong demand in semiconductor, interconnect and display technologies particularly in Asia-Pacific. On slide 11, Infrastructure Solutions delivered EBITDA of $379 million, primarily reflecting the integration of Dow Corning. Dow Building & Construction achieved record third quarter EBITDA and delivered its eighth consecutive quarter of EBITDA growth. The business captured volume gains on demands for acrylic-based construction chemicals and benefited from continued voluntary adoption of our BLUEDGE polymeric flame retardant. Silicones in the Infrastructure Solutions segment reported volume and EBITDA growth driven by improved demand in packaging and building construction applications. Dow Coating Materials reported volume growth in all market segments led by strong demand in Asia-Pacific and gains in both the architectural and industrial coatings sectors. Moving to slide 12. Performance and materials chemicals (sic) [Performance Materials & Chemicals] (13:03) EBITDA declined, primarily due to the impact of portfolio actions which included divestitures and the reduced ownership in MEGlobal as well as higher Sadara start-up costs. In the core business, pricing pressures led to unit margin compression, but this was partly offset by volume growth. In Polyurethanes, we achieved record volume on double-digit gains in specialty polyols and systems houses, led by growth in EMEA and Asia-Pacific. Industrial Solutions reported volume gains in all businesses also led by strength in EMEA and Asia-Pacific. Turning to Performance Plastics on slide 13. The team achieved $1.25 billion of EBITDA and double-digit volume growth, with gains across all businesses. A key part of our continued success is the team's focus on manufacturing reliability and producing incremental volume in a robust demand environment. Dow Packaging and Specialty Plastics delivered record third quarter sales volume on double-digit growth in developed geographies and adoption of new innovations for food and specialty packaging applications. Dow Elastomers also achieved record third quarter volume, driven by increasing global consumer preference for larger vehicles that incorporate more Dow content, as well as double-digit growth in athletic footwear. These applications are further enhanced by our innovative products, such as INTUNE and INFUSE Olefin Block Copolymers. Dow Electrical and Telecommunications reported double-digit volume gains in the Americas, as the business continues to benefit from the global trends for fiberoptic cabling for faster and more reliable wireless connections. Additionally, Sadara started up its multi-feed cracker in August and a third polyethylene train in September, adding to the two polyethylene trains already in operation. In the U.S. Gulf Coast, we commenced the Louisiana turnaround and feedstock flexibility project. That unit will restart later this quarter giving our LA-3 cracker the ability to produce an additional 250,000 tons per year of ethylene and enhancing the reliability of one of the best units in our fleet. During the quarter, our Texas 9 ethylene facility passed 85% mechanical completion and we made significant progress on our Performance Plastics production facilities. Our target for Texas 9 to come online remains mid-2017. And now, I'll hand it back over to Andrew.
James R. Fitterling: I would just say in the weak spots, Andrew covered them. In oil and gas, although we've seen a little bit of rebound in the energy sector, it's not enough yet to have a significant impact. And industrial solutions has got some weakness in oil and gas, steel, industrial coatings applications for steel and also some EO derivatives in the ag space. And in Latin America, really Brazil is the story. Our sales in Latin America are good, but Brazil is at bottom and trying to recover right now. Otherwise, the rest of the businesses had strong volume performance and strong demand. North America, Europe, China, Southeast Asia and a little softness in the Middle East because of what's going on with the oil economy.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah, David, I think the startup of the crackers it's going to be staged over 2017, so our view is you're going to see, obviously from our perspective, some uptick in our sales growth because we've got three new trains from Sadara running now. We'll have a fourth one coming up in first quarter in Sadara and then mid-2017 we've got our Gulf Coast projects coming on. So I think from our perspective, we've been running the franchise flat out for the last 12 months and inventories are at five-year lows in the downstream chain. So our view is the market demand – as long as you don't have a cataclysmic event in the economy, the market demand is going to be there for these products and the timing of these startups is going to be such that I don't think you're going to see it really loosen up that much next year.
James R. Fitterling: So our mix right now is still light, so obviously ethane and propane both in the mix and it just depends on what part of the world you're in, what's in and what particular week, but that still looks good. Obviously, what you've seen through the course of this year is our naphtha-based units become more competitive, so you're seeing good equity earnings out of our Thai joint ventures. You've seen our positions in Europe become stronger over the last couple of years – I think that continues to play out. Our view is that propane is still long and propane is Dow's big advantage in fleet feedstock flexibility. Propane is still long for some time to come. Ethane is still long until you get to the end of all these projects coming on, which is more like the 1920 timeframe, so our view is we're still going to see some very good chain margin in this space.
James R. Fitterling: I would say, Jeff, the difference I would say is we've got turnarounds in this quarter that are fairly significant, so the Louisiana three turnaround the majority of that cost comes in this quarter and we expect that unit to be up sometime mid-November. That is not just a turnaround but it's also tying in the ethane cracking flexibility, which is both front end on the furnaces and back end on the distillations section and separation section of the plant, so that's a big turnaround. You still got Sadara startup costs for another polyethylene train that comes up in first quarter, so those are neither one in last year. The other example I would give you is when you look at this quarter and third quarter, if you look at the margin compression year-over-year, half of that is from Sadara startup costs in the beginning of the LA-3 turnaround. So I don't think we're foretelling that there is a big margin compression coming here or there is a big drop-off in demand. I think it's really more related to one-off items. We've also been doing turnarounds in our polyethylene derivatives space, so in Seadrift, where we're heavy on electrical and telecom capacity, we've been doing some turnarounds and debottlenecks and reliability work there. We're doing the similar types of things in St. Charles in our LP-6 plant. We're getting ready for really the Texas 9 cracker coming up and the ability to have more ethylene down in the Gulf Coast and get as much as we can out of the franchise in the Gulf Coast.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. So P.J., when we authorized all of these investments, we said we expected greater than $3 billion of EBITDA impact out of all of them. And as Howard said, at any point in time you can have some cash margins that are above or below where we are right now. PDH today – case in point, St. Charles was right on the line with what we've said. PDH today is still running very positive cash margins, even in a low propylene environment, it's running very positive cash margins. LA-3, the real EBITDA increment from LA-3 is the fact you get 250,000 tons a year more ethylene out of that. So that's right to our bottom-line. That's produced for us versus purchased, so that goes to the bottom-line. And Texas 9 in derivatives is a whole new slate of products. It's really four of our highest value-add derivatives plan on that franchise, it's our highest growing segment. So we're going to continue to shift the mix here up in the higher-performing products and away from the most commoditized parts of the earnings. So we're still bullish on the fact that we're going to deliver these results.
James R. Fitterling: Just high-level, Duffy, it was the first that you mentioned, existing asset base. I said before, we've been running flat out, sold out in those units. We've achieved some pretty phenomenal operating rates in those units in spite of the fact that we've turned a few of them around during this year to get ready for the Texas-9 startup. And then I would say the rest of it is the latter part, the mix shift and the value add from the mix shift is the big thing. There really hasn't been enough time to have enough of an impact from new capacity. As Sadara starts up, you've got to fill that supply chain to get the product out, so we've been moving a lot of product out into that supply chain. We sold some material, as was discussed earlier, in the third quarter in the month of September. However, you're going to see more of those sales come in the fourth quarter as we've got three units running and getting that supply chain full. And for that reason, a lot of our growth in the third quarter was North America, Europe and then China and Southeast Asia. And I would say had we had more Sadara volume in the third quarter, we'd have had more growth in China.
James R. Fitterling: It's generally good. The feedstock for us is predominantly gas, and so what you see is it's remained low and steady over this time period and so we haven't seen any real move up in the input costs. We saw prices firm up in polyethylene at the end of third quarter and we've seen them firm into the beginning of fourth quarter and I think that's back to inventories being low and demand being high. And so as oil goes up, that just adds an element to prices being able to firm up in the near term. And that's our view. And I'll stop at trying to predict what's going to happen with oil price. But at least that's where we are today in the current quarter.
James R. Fitterling: The only thing that I would add to what Andrew said is that most of the capacity that's on those CTO and MTO plays is heavily, heavily commodity-oriented C4, and it's not really an area that we play in significantly in that part of the world or really anywhere right now. So we're shifted towards a much higher mix, more driven towards the end-use markets that we talked about before. We still think, and we have thought for a long time, that people are pretty optimistic about the rate at which these plants are going to come on and how high they're going to run. And there is a dissatisfaction already with the returns on these investments that's heavily, heavily capital intensive to put in one of these operations relative to what you can do in the U.S. Gulf Coast or in the Middle East.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. So on oil, Bob, really we've seen a flattening and kind of an uptick here in the U.S., which I think is – I think it's instructive that at $50 a barrel, you've got people moving rigs back into oil production down in the Gulf Coast. It hasn't been a lot. Remember, 1,500 rigs were moved out of production and you've got about 11 to 15 that have moved back in, but it is a move and it's starting in that direction. So there is cautious optimism there. I think if prices continue to firm up on oil, they continue to firm up toward the $55 maybe even next year into the $60 range, we're going to see more rigs coming back in. So shale gas is going to be competitive. Some of these fields can be competitive at $25 a barrel. So I think we've got a situation which is good for us that the U.S. is competitive and it's going to be there longer. And so when you look at where our assets are around the world, where it's a very good competitive cost position base is to have our franchise. As far as supply-demand balances and the numbers that are in here, we're still running at the traditional 1.3 times, 1.4 times GDP types of numbers for demand. And the real question mark is what's the GDP number that you plug into there? I would say at the beginning of the year, we were starting with something like a 3% global GDP. And we backed off of that some through the year more towards global 2.5% number. But look, we've had 6% growth all year, and we've oscillated between 6% and 10% in China year-over-year. We've operated in kind of the 4% range in North America, similar maybe a little bit stronger in Europe and kind of flat in Latin America. So our view going forward is these operating rates are strong, and it's not just reflective of the fact that you've got the historical rates. It's also sustainable packaging is driving a lot of trends toward plastics, and that's competing against other materials, and we're knocking other materials out. So I think the sustainability trends are helping us stay there.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. So on Sadara start-up costs, right now we're in the EO and derivatives and getting ready for the isocyanates block, which is nine integrated units in that block to start up. And that'll be first quarter, second quarter, third quarter types of timing for those things. So you expect to see that through next year and that's a significant number of units. And then once you get to 2018, you'll see those start-up costs go away and we'll be back to having the full units up and operational. And, at the same time, on the ground in Sadara within the joint venture, they're working hard to get their cost positions where it needs to be and get their comps where they need to be to be competitive as a JV in their own right. So I think both of those things are going to have an impact in 2018. Howard has said we expect plastics to show some positive next year. We expect it still to be a headwind in Industrial Solutions and Performance Materials, but we're working through all that right now.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. So I think the issue is where we're playing in automotive. When you look at the number of applications that we're in, whether it's our plastics products, ENGAGE, things like bumper fascia for the cars. Our light weighting solutions like our crash-durable adhesives. So as companies continue to use carbon fiber aluminum, other things to bond to the steel frame, they need more adhesives in that vehicle. And when you get to it, we look at content per vehicle. So even though, in some areas, production in automotive year-over-year has flattened out, we're expanding our content per vehicle in that space and I think that's what's driving the growth for us. Elastomers is a big product line that sells a lot into the automotive sector. Coatings as well, into areas like sound dampening for the car is an area that people sometimes don't appreciate how much content goes into the automotive space. So that's how we're growing better than market is really getting the content per vehicle up and getting the number of solutions on the new vehicles up. And as you go into heavier vehicles, into trucks, you get into crossovers and higher-performing vehicles, like the higher-performing sedans, the ones that people are paying more value for, we have more content on those vehicles than, say, the entry-level sedan.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Jim. So if you'd turn to slide 15, and there is a chart here that you should pay particular attention to, the one on the right of the slide. As I mentioned at the start of the call, we've now achieved four full years, 16 consecutive quarters, of earnings growth and margin expansion. And we've been doing earnings growth now for over a decade. You can see that we have taken a series of purposeful steps taken over these past many years. These steps are deeply rooted in our strategy to get the near-term right and the long-term right, and steadfast execution from an aligned team Dow. And to put things into context, you actually have to go back to the late 1990s, when our industry came under pressure from state-owned enterprises. Returns were clearly impacted because we all had, Dow included, a me-too product wheel. Low-cost integration was absolutely necessary, but on its own, not enough to ensure long-term profitable growth. Since then, we've taken a number of decisive actions to create a sustainable business model built on both low-cost integration and innovation to drive our narrower and deeper focus in attractive end markets, to invest for growth in consumer-led sectors while having a strong presence in investment-driven markets, like infrastructure, and to control what we can control through disciplined productivity and cost savings. In doing so, we believe we've created a portfolio for all seasons, a more resilient portfolio, one built to grow and last. We have fundamentally shifted our earnings trajectory, not only enhancing our growth but also driving greater consistency. Equally important, we've put in place a series of growth drivers that will serve us well in the near-term and long-term. These include a reinvigorated industry-leading R&D engine, which now delivers over 5,000 new products every year; a new set of technical capabilities, most notably the addition of Dow Corning silicones; an expanded footprint in attractive global markets through our investments in the U.S. Gulf Coast, the Middle East and Asia, positioning us to grow where growth exists; and finally, a low-cost structure that has productivity wide into its very core. These drivers will further enhance our market focus, continue to reduce our volatility, bolster our integration and our innovation and ultimately maximize shareholder value creation. Stepping to slide 16. Of course, the ultimate proof of our business model is the enhanced returns team Dow has delivered, earnings growth, enhanced cash flow and higher shareholder returns. And going forward, our team remains relentlessly focused on our priorities, delivering the operating and financial plan, accelerating earnings growth and value creation through the continued integration of Dow Corning and advancing to the Dow-DuPont transaction and intended spins. And we will do so despite persistent macro uncertainties. As I've said before, regional economic trends are mixed at best. North America and Europe show measured growth, with Dow products growing stronger than the market. Latin America, especially Brazil, which is beginning to recover, is a slow growth environment. However, we do see bright spots there, particularly the Andean economies and Mexico. And economic transitions are underway in Asia, notably China. In this environment, we will continue to find growth where growth exists. That includes our core consumer-led markets of packaging, automotive and construction. As we establish the foundation for the new Dow, we have the right tools in hand to build the world's leading material science company and our four-year streak, 16 consecutive quarters, of earnings growth and margin expansion fuels our excitement for the future. In closing, on slide 17, we have not nor will we lose sight of our priorities. Dow will continue to deliver through our focused portfolio, integration, our innovation and our geographic reach. Through our relentless focus on our execution and on maximizing value creation for our customers, for our shareholders, for the near-term and for the long-term. With that, Neal, let's turn it to Q&A.
Andrew N. Liveris: And bottom-line is that everyone's expectations of a very weak ethylene market in 2017, in our view are way too pessimistic. We're already seeing delays and notably our three PE units started up in Sadara are running flat out and so it's a harbinger of strong demand drivers, especially the areas Jim and I have referred to already.
Andrew N. Liveris: And just to get it out now, I know you guys are all into the plastics forecast here, this company – the next last slide I did in the deck shows consistent earnings growth with the plastics profile having obviously an effect but it doesn't wobble the company as much as it used to because of the value add point Jim just finished on, plus the forecast going forward on the supply side shows more of a plateau in these next few years despite these supply adds because of the delays. So we think high-operating rate environments and strong value-add demand drivers like packaging, E&T and elastomers builds margin for Dow from here, not destroys margin. Add to that the feedstock flexibility point on the previous question, that's an expanding margin scenario in one of our core franchises.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah, so just to be very clear, we have four units running of the 24 that have to start up. And so we've got a fair while to go before we get up on the utilization rate for the whole complex. The four units that are running, clearly the three polyethylene trains are running flat out. That was the point we were making earlier. So we are very early in the capacity utilization. We still expect lender reliability tests in 2018 timeframe. So 2017 is going to be a big startup year for us. However, the headwind will start becoming more tailwind and I'll give that part of it to Howard.
Andrew N. Liveris: A lot of the investment we've done in the machine, the assets the last many years has now made that machine more reliable. So our production is up versus same quarter last year, up 9%. That's 1.9 billion pounds that we've sold in Q3 that we didn't sell a year-ago. Year-to-date, that number is 5.6 billion pounds. So kudos to our operations people. They're running safely, they're running reliably. And our salespeople have been able to get it out the door and move more volume to demand based on value add and, therefore, kept inventories quite low. So this machine is moving into the high-80%s operating rate. Right now it's 86%. As a totality of Dow, this is not just the ethylene integration piece that I'm referring to, I'm talking about the whole company. And so the value-add piece, when you think about innovation agenda, stretches across all of it, from the propylene derivatives to the ethylene derivatives to the silicone derivatives, all the value-add piece. And very few of our businesses today are we selling the strict monomer. Probably the last remaining example there is our acrylic chain, our performance monomer, where we are moving, driving all those monomers down to value-add polymers and emulsions. That's the last part of the Dow commodity engine that sells just commodities.
Andrew N. Liveris: I think your last phrase defines it, but I'll let Jim get into the details. But in essence, there's always a lead lag factor, but as oil prices go up that's generally good for us over time. But there is always transitions. Jim, speak to it, please.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah. I mean, look, I've said it many times on these calls and between calls. The last many years has been a proof point that we can be a consistent cash flow generator and earnings grower so we can return cash to owners. And that'll come through dividend and share buybacks while we fund our growth programs. We're coming off some pretty significant investment in CapEx here and so as we come off that CapEx spend, that's going to open up more of the cash flow. If we think we're undervalued, which we do, we'll buy back shares and we'll go back to our board for more authorization. But for sure being a consistent dividend grower is part of the Dow mix of returning money to our owners.
Andrew N. Liveris: Complex regulatory processes in EU, China and particularly – and in the U.S., those three in particular, but Brazil, remain in front of us in terms of whatever might come from them. We clearly have been in the market on the ethylene-acrylic acid copolymers and ionomers business under the PRIMACOR brand. That is one that we have foreshadowed. We have had no surprises in any of the discussions. They are going a little longer than we had hoped. As Ed I think said on his call, we expect Q1 close. We're very confident about that. We're not in a position to speak to specific remedies. We are waiting for those key jurisdictions. Just a note, by the way, we've got 10 approvals already, 10 jurisdictions have approved us. Some pretty key ones as well. However, having said that, setting the pace here through EC, DOJ, MOFCOM is our whole focus, and we're being very, very thoughtful about how to respond over time. You're going to see some filings from time to time especially out of EC. I think it's important to note that their process does that. Just know that we are quite aware of all of that and we are working towards – a few months shouldn't impact the value creation of a $30 billion deal. So taken a few more months, you should want us to all do that.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah. Thank you, Don. You have to start where you were leaving off. I mentioned many times already on this call that food and agriculture (51:55) discussions for countries and regions. And so just like energy and just like security, food is right at the centerpiece of political, basically making sure the constituencies are satisfied that they have adequate and safe food supplies. So agricultural lobbies and farm lobbies are strong everywhere and, of course, create unlevel playing fields around the world. That's why there's some jurisdictions without GMOs and some with GMOs and there're some jurisdictions that have trade protection barriers and some that don't. So this is not a new conversation. Eyes wide open going into our transaction, as you all know, you in particular, about 10 years of asking the question, what are you going to do with Ag. We always felt that there was a complementarity between biology and chemistry and an integrated farm science helping the farmers. Integrated farm science, including big data, is expensive. And R&D to fuel that has to be funded in a public company over long cycles. In short-cycle investment type of thesis, not many people have patient money for long-cycle investment. So smart scale and innovation and pro-competitiveness for farmers to get the very best out of their plot of land, whether it's an acre or 10,000 acres. Row crops and niche crops and the science needed to get more food, safe, reliable food, to all the citizens of those countries is mission at hand with our deal and, frankly, I'm sure it's the mission at hand for the other deals. We are first in in all jurisdictions. We are very eyes wide open on what it means to create a pro-competitive farm lobby, and we believe our deal does that. And if there are pushbacks based on various views on how those innovations come to market, we will definitely engage and are engaging. Again, we are taking the time to listen very carefully to what the jurisdictions want us to do and we are very, very thoughtful on those remedies. And we're confident we'll close this deal in Q1 and, frankly, solve that complex equation that you asked about and hopefully I've articulated on.
Andrew N. Liveris: I'd kind of want to wrap the call by one more time referring to the visuals we showed you on slides 15 and 16, which shows the CAGR of 6% on the earnings growth and also EBITDA growth. They also show what we've done on cash flow and what we've done on the TSI (59:05). I would tell you that, again, controlling what we can control, self-help and productivity and an innovation agenda speaks to that last question a bit which is why are we growing volumes above market. We're growing where growth is needed and we have built a portfolio really under all sorts of environments that can perform, a portfolio for all seasons. We're very focused here on running the business to its maximum EBITDA, EPS output. At the same time, we're very focused on closing the Dow-DuPont deal and we're powering on (59:36) those things, I'm very proud of our team and that we've been able to do both. There's never been a better time at Dow. We're better positioned than ever before. We have a strong track record, multiple years now of delivering and we're delivering these results under these macros that frankly are not very helpful. But we have the portfolio and we've built the business, and you can expect us to return cash to our owners. That's our focus and this value creation of the deal in front us, once we close the deal and implement the synergies and get going on the spins, we'll create even more value for our owners. So I really want to double down on the fact this is a company that's delivering and we will continue to do so.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. Well, I mean, I think you have to go back and you have to have a view of whether you're a bull or a bear in the cycle. I mean, we put out a long-term range in 2014 at the Investor Day and we said, look, all of these projects add at least $3 billion of EBITDA over the long-term and we're still standing by that number. That's a long-term number and when you add it all up, that's where we see the long-term.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah, Jonas. Good morning. I would say, look, in the fourth quarter, we will have a tailwind in plastics for Sadara, but offset by the comments that Jim made relative to Louisiana 3 turnaround and some of the higher costs coming globally from a feedstock standpoint. But 2017, it will definitely be a tailwind for plastics. But as Andrew said, you still have 22 units that you're in the steep part of the curve in spending. And those are all in PMC with the exception of one additional polyolefins unit that'll start up in the first quarter. So PMC will be a headwind all through 2017.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. Thanks and good morning, Peter. Thanks for noticing about the consistency in the increasing results. I appreciate it. Look, on the dividend and share repurchase, we have been on a streak here of a double-digit CAGR of growing our dividend for the last several years. Our payout ratio really hasn't changed. It's a 45% of net income target, long-term target, that will go back to the shareholders in the form of dividend growth. And we've been tracking at that number as the earnings has improved, net income has improved, we've improved the dividend. On stock buyback, the same. We've spent over $7 billion of cash in the last several years buying back stock. You saw that we entered the market again now that the shareholder vote was behind us on the Dow-DuPont transaction. We bought more than $400 million worth of stock back in the third quarter with about $1.9 billion left in our open program and so we're going continue to do that as well.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. Good morning, Chris. So overall on the key drivers, I mean really proud of the Dow Ag team in the quarter. I mean that $141 million improvement versus same quarter year-ago, I'd break down the drivers into three buckets, and it's pretty much equally split. About one-third was due to the higher volumes and higher prices and specifically seed in Brazil for sure. About one-third came from just the continued drumbeat, steady drumbeat now for many quarters in a row on self-help productivity and cost cutting. And then the other one-third was really by the turnaround in currency. If you think about a year-ago, there were pretty big currency headwinds facing us in Ag, and it didn't help much – actually in the quarter I think it was 1 percentage point of the price up was related to currency and Ag. And actually overall at company level currency was a zero help to us. But it helped on the margin and certainly the delta change. That was the other one-third of the key drivers. When you think about why the volume was up in seeds in Brazil, I would say a couple of things. One, just the continued development of our new technologies that we continue to introduce, that farmers continue to get more and more comfortable that it does what it says, and it increases their yield and so they just continue to get used to it. I do think there was some early buying in the quarter. I mean the farmers – we don't get to choose the weather. The farmers decide when they get to plant, and I do think there was some of that that will a Q3 versus a Q4 move. So I would not count all of that is a Q3 gain. But we feel good about where we ended up in the quarter.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Thanks, Kevin. Look, we've been working both the numerator and the denominator on that equation for quite a while. So as we articulated in the results today, 16 consecutive quarters of year-over-year earnings growth and margin expansion to work the numerator. And we have been proactively working the denominator on share count. We bought back, I think I mentioned earlier, over $7 billion worth of stock here in the last several years and another $400 million. We're planning to continue to do that. So we're working the equation both ways and you should continue to expect that.
