Neal Sheorey: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss the financial results for the Materials Science Division within DowDuPont. We're making this call available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow's website and through the link to our webcast.  Speaking on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer.  Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements.  Dow's Form 10 as well as our Form 10-K include detailed discussions of the principal risks and uncertainties, which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today and all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items.  We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in the DowDuPont earnings release and on the DowDuPont and Dow websites.  And as a reminder, because Dow operated as the Materials Science Division of DowDuPont through the end of the first quarter of 2019, the financial results shared during this call are based on the Materials Science Division's financial performance as disclosed earlier today in DowDuPont's earnings release.  On Slide 2, you'll see our agenda for the call. We will start with an overview of the first quarter performance of the Materials Science Division of DowDuPont. We will also discuss the results for each of our operating segments. Then we'll move into a financial overview of the quarter, which will also include some comments on modeling guidance. And finally, we will close with a discussion on our go-forward views. There will be plenty of time for your questions.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim. 
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Jim. With that, let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A.  Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions. 
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call. Thank you. 
James Fitterling: Yes. So this week, IHS published up 3 for the month of April in the U.S. And we had expected that really in March. And that's why we had guided again in the middle of the quarter because that looked like it was sliding out. There are increases out there -- other increases out there for the second quarter, and we feel like we're building momentum into that. The core earnings are going to improve sequentially. That's what we've got in the forecast. And then we just called out the turnaround expenses because, sequentially, they're higher. Our turnaround expenses are about the same as they were second quarter last year, but they are higher than first quarter, and that's just because of timing. As you know, some of these turnarounds, crackers are on 8-year cycles, and some of these derivative plants are on 3- to 5-year cycles. This is the time of year to take them. And I think in this market environment, we decided to do them in second quarter and not try to push anything out. 
James Fitterling: Thanks, P.J. It's difficult for me to telegraph someone else's strategy. I would say I think what's happening, there've been many reports out there about the value creation in petrochemicals. It's been one of the sectors over the last decade, 14, 15 years that's created some high value. So I think people are interested in that. There are different driving forces for everybody. Our driving force for our strategy is to grow with those consumer-driven differentiated markets. And so we'll be focused on developing products like performance silicones, better packaging products, polyurethane systems. Our Industrial Solutions will go downstream, working on coatings. Both our architectural and industrial coatings portfolios, our adhesives portfolios to continue to grow that business.  And then, of course, we'll look at the back integration. Is that a better make versus buy decision? Where is the best place for us to be? Is it U.S. Gulf Coast where you've got this tremendous NGL advantage and ethane advantage and where we can tie into the flexibility that we have and benefit from that. And that's a different driving force obviously than someone who's looking at maybe a future market that speak oil and looking at what are they going to do with different barrels of oil.  There are different chemistries out there. There's a lot of things going on. There's different strategies, partnerships around the world. So you might take the oil and do partnerships. You might make acquisitions. But in most cases today, the industry has shifted to cracking lighter. And so if you're going to make acquisitions to think that you're going to convert oil to petrochemicals, in most cases, you would be making acquisitions that are today probably NGL cracking.  So I think there are a lot of things that have to play out. I feel good about our investments and our position. We took advantage of the first wave of shale. We were up first. We got our projects done on time. We got them done under budget, and they're going to be the most efficient capital projects in that cycle. 
James Fitterling: So if I go to the slide that was in the deck, Slide #29 in the deck, you've got the sales drivers and the EBIT drivers for the second quarter. And really, the only thing that we called out is the specific headwinds from the turnaround costs. The core earnings I expect to be up. So Performance Material & Coatings, I think, we're going to see sales moving up. Siloxanes pricings have stabilized and started to move up, so that's going to help. Silicones pricing has held up well, and the issue there is just getting more capacity online to support that. So we had 4 debottlenecks in the quarter that came online, and we've got 12 new incremental projects for downstream silicones coming online through the year.  In industrial intermediates, the big drag on industrial intermediates was really equity earnings, and it was ethylene glycol from the Kuwait joint ventures. The core business is growing there. Now we've announced some alkoxylates capacity. That won't come on in second quarter. That's a longer-term bet, but they're going to be up 3% to 5% in sales. And Packaging & Specialty Plastics is going to be up 3% to 5% in sales, and it's going to benefit from, obviously, the pricing that we're seeing coming through in April. And good to start the quarter with that and build that momentum. And then also the better cost positions we've seen on ethane. Two fracs came up in the quarter, and so they'll come up ahead of the ethylene capacity. And that's really what's put that ethane future's curve down. So I believe you're going to see the core earnings move up sequentially, Vincent. And we just called out the turnarounds to make sure everybody understood what the magnitude of that cost would be in the second quarter. 
James Fitterling: I'll take the first part, and then I'll hand it over to Howard on the 10b5. Polyethylene sales were up. The demand there was good. And obviously, we had the additional 500 million pounds from the Gulf Coast assets. And those ran hard, so we moved that through the quarter. And also, we saw inventory levels through the quarter kind of come back to the normal level, so we're able to get some material moved out. Some things had backed up at the end of fourth quarter '18, as you know, in the U.S. Gulf. And so we saw some of that stabilize through the quarter. I think that's another big factor in why you see the pricing moving up. You've got inventories coming back to kind of the normal level in the Gulf Coast. On the 10b5, Howard can speak to that. 
James Fitterling: Thanks for the question. I expect MDI is going to continue to tighten through the year. I think you've got 2 things happening. The consumer-driven side of the business, so our systems business, where you had end markets like furniture, bedding, some level of white goods, durable goods, that business, some cold storage, cold chain businesses, has been relatively good. Where we see obviously some things have been a little bit slower are housing starts and housing sales. So that's kind of slowed. And so you've got also automotive, and automotive is a lot of content for polyurethanes. So some of the big-ticket items are also big-demand pull items in that chain. So I'd say the consumer strength is really showing up in the numbers, 2x GDP for the systems growth, and that's without the big-ticket items pulling. So as we get through the year, I think you're going to start to see automotive pick up.  I would say in Europe right now, automotive is weak, and there's probably the biggest inventory of finished autos out on the lots and at the dealers that has to be worked through. So I'd say Europe sentiment right now is it's going to take a little bit longer to work that through.  The U.S. is relatively okay. North -- I'd say North America is relatively okay.  And China's relatively okay.  So I think as the year progresses, we're going to see those bigger-ticket items pull through a little bit more.  On TDI, as we said before, I think TDI is going to be long for most of the year. So we're not putting into our outlook any big increases in TDI prices or margins. Mostly the improvement will be on MDI. 
James Fitterling: Sure. We're making obviously some sequential improvement in the first quarter from the fourth quarter in Sadara. It's about $20 million better than it was in the fourth quarter. We're doing everything we can obviously to keep that moving. The pricing moves are obviously going to help Sadara. That will fall right to the bottom line. Sadara's been working actively on its own cost programs internally, and so they've been becoming more efficient in getting those costs down. And then obviously, we have been working with Aramco diligently on things that we can do to help that out, including looking at the debt restructuring. So now that we've done the lender's reliability test and we've actually kicked off a team between Sadara and the 2 parents actively looking at how we can restructure that debt. And we'll have more to say about that a little bit later in the year. That team is off and running and, I think, making some good progress there. 
James Fitterling: I don't believe that's a fair assumption. I'll have to ask Neal and the team to get back to you and walk through those numbers. But we would not have run them at negative margins. The teams are very disciplined about taking a look at that. So there may be some mix assumptions or other things that are in there. We've got a lot of activity going on within Sadara to try to get that mix shifted. We've got supply chain costs that we're working on, so we're optimizing around the supply chain to make things a little bit more efficient. The plant has been running well, so the asset has been good. We don't have any issues there.  We've looked at obviously all the things we can do on the feedstock side to improve it, as you know. Sadara's feedstock position, that's really the naphtha crack is what goes downstream for all that integration into isocyanates. And so we've been looking at what we can do there to get some better cost position in there.  But I think relative to where they are today, we're going to start to see things stepwise improve just on the basis of the market demand. And if we got a trade agreement through with China, I think that would be helpful. At least, it would be helpful in the near term on the market psyche, but it would be helpful into the second half of the year. 
James Fitterling: Thanks for the question. Yes, the drag really on Kuwait JVs was ethylene glycol pricing. And if you look at the year-over-year pricing, it's quite a bit down. Now what we've seen through the quarter is obviously the inventory levels have started to improve in China. The demand pull, as you mentioned, hasn't yet kicked in. This is one of the areas in the China trade agreement. If you know, textiles had some tariffs coming back into the United States. That really put the brakes on some of the exports out of China, and that kind of backed up some of that capacity. So as we get this trade agreement through and we see what happens, if that gives a little bit more confidence to the textiles industry in China to be able to move some material in here, then that would be immediately visible in the marketplace. So that might give us some momentum on ethylene glycol pricing. The PET side of the equation has continued to be strong. So we really need the polyester side to pick up to see that pricing move.  And I would also say that typically, when we pull out of one of these compression periods, PE and ethylene glycol is what you start to see turn. We've seen PE turn here in the month of April. So I think we could probably see also some cost push on the ethylene side in China that may start to move things up a little bit. 
James Fitterling: We're running right now at about 4.5% growth rate is what our outlook for the year is. And obviously, we started relatively slow in January and February. So I think that's going to pick up pace.  Second quarter is shaping up well. I think third quarter is usually very strong, and we'll see how we finish the year. And obviously, I think we'll finish it a little bit better.  The other thing that's happening is when you look at the supply that's coming on. Obviously, we think that demand is going to outstrip the amount of incremental supply that's coming on. And so you're going to see that in the back half of the year.  A lot of capacity came on in the last 2 quarters of last year -- a lot of polyethylene capacity came on in the last 2 quarters of last year and was finding its way into the market in Q4, especially in December, when China went dark on us for the last 2 weeks. That backed up inventories. People were scrambling to move that around to the markets. You saw some of that actually hit Europe in a big way, and that really compressed some margins there. I don't think we've got that same kind of magnitude in the back half of this year. 
James Fitterling: Yes. So I think a couple of things. I think the naphtha ethane and the propane naphtha spreads are both starting to open up, which will be beneficial. We've seen some move up, a little bit of a move up, in Asia on ethylene due to that. I think we could continue to see some more of that. I won't  try to predict what oil prices are going to do, but we kind of gone into this year thinking they would be in the $65 to $75 barrel range. I don't see any reason to think any differently. I do think we've tested lows on natural gas. So we've been at $2.50 on natural gas. And with all the oil that we've been producing and the associated NGLs, that's helped bring those forward curves down. So anything that we see in terms of these naphtha, ethane and [ pro-nap ] spreads is going to be helpful to us as we move through the year. 
James Fitterling: Well, the Kuwait -- let me start with the Kuwait JVs and obviously, that was a very strategic one from a standpoint of ethylene glycol. It was a way to put together at the time when we did it, obviously, the world's largest ethylene glycol business together with the Kuwaiti. So MEGlobal is continuing to grow in that format and that structure, and that's been positive for us. And they've been also able to participate and continue that growth down in the U.S. Gulf Coast. So I think that's good. They clearly were already marketing ethylene glycol and carbide set that JV up obviously on its own to market the polyethylene so we don't do anything together there other than be an equity investor in polyethylene.  Thailand was always an Asia growth play and continues to be that. And where we have strategic interests together, we'll look at that. And where we've got lines of business there that may be strategic to one of us and not the other, we'll look at options there. But both of those JVs are sustainable. They generate really positive cash flow and dividends. They've got good balance sheets. They're healthy.  My first priority is getting Sadara to be sustainable, good balance sheet, generating the kinds of returns that we promised. So I'm not expecting big moves there. We did talk about obviously maybe doing some consolidation among the entities in Kuwait, and we'll still look at that. And if we can pull that off, that may be beneficial to us in '19. 
James Fitterling: And we've seen -- I think I'd commented earlier on PE.  And what we've seen is inventories in the isocyanates, especially in the MDI side, start to come down. And the demand pull on silicones on siloxanes is obviously helping that. So we think that silicones demand growth is going to continue to tighten up that siloxanes spare capacity that's out there, and that'll happen through the rest of the year. 
James Fitterling: Yes. Thanks, Bob. Thanks for the question. I would say we had a good quarter in China. In total, our sales volumes were up double digits year-over-year, so we continue to grow there, and it's across the board. It's in all the businesses: polyurethanes, packaging, Consumer Solutions, obviously.  We don't have as much coatings exposure in China. We don't have too many facilities for coatings over there, and we don't have as much Industrial Solutions exposure. Most of that is exports out of Gulf Coast and out of Sadara. But I still feel good about the demand growth, and it continues to look good.  I think the operating rates are probably been held down because of the cost curve and because of where some things are on the cost curves. There's just a big advantage in the U.S. Gulf Coast on the NGLs, and that's probably what's held them down.  I think most of the environmental things are related to the incidents that have happened. And so you've had a couple of explosions and fires that typically always cause another relook at the industry and who's a credible operator and can operate safely and also who can operate at scale and return.  I think the biggest challenge has been the pricing compression that we saw in the fourth quarter. And so as we see those margins recover, you may start to see people take a look in China again at whether they can have a good investment there and, long term, make some money there. But it's the feedstock challenge. That's the toughest part of that. It's hard to find a good competitive feedstock there, and I think that's why you see most of the oil majors looking. And it's mostly refinery integration discussion that you see happening. You see some ethane discussion, but that requires a lot of CapEx to build ships to take ethane out of the U.S. Gulf Coast. There's really not anywhere else in the world that you can get ethane export. And if you start to drive that price up too high, then you're going to be looking back at naphtha as an alternative. 
James Fitterling: Duffy, thanks for the comment on the disclosure. Look, we're trying to be more transparent and to respond to everybody's interests and get it out there. So I think you'll find we've got nothing to hide here. And you know the priorities for us are to continue to work on returns out of those so that people can see the value out of those JVs.  On the ethylene side, you're right. Because there hasn't been as much derivative capacity, that ethylene's been backed up. And what you see in the first quarter is people adjusting ethylene plant operating rates really to the derivative downstream operating rates. And derivatives are continuing to run hard in the U.S. Gulf Coast. So that's why we announced things like alkoxylates yield capacity expansions down in the Gulf Coast to convert more of that material. That's a high return to ethylene. I think by 2020, you're going to see that derivative demand's going to start to pull that excess ethylene that's out there. You also got a little bit of restrictions right now. There are not too many places that you can ship ethylene out, and one of them just had a large fire. And so that's caused us a little bit of more constraints. And so you've seen a lot of that margin in the short term disappear out of the ethylene part of the chain. But PE is holding up good, so I think if you think where we are in the cycle here and why we still say short and shallow is because PE margins are relatively strong. And we're seeing pricing coming back in April in polyethylene, so I think that's a good trend. 
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. So you're right, we put -- so the short answer to your question is correct. It did not trigger, but we put -- just to give you a little bit more context, we put the 10b51 in place before the quiet period expired in the first quarter or so, before mid-March. That is going to be in place until early to mid-June. Basically, we need to get the 8-K with all the accounting changes that I articulated in the deck, so I gave you the estimates in the slide deck. Once we're in the process of doing all the final accounting, we're going to get that done as soon as we practically can. As soon as that 8-K gets published, then we can be in the market because -- with an open program as opposed to the 10b5.  The 10b5 was set up based on the feedback that Dow's stock could trade with substantial churn in volatility immediately postspin. So we put the algorithm in place to take advantage of the opportunistic intrinsic value, and the Dow stock traded very well. And so as a result so far, that hasn't kicked in. But like I said, the 10b51 is there until we get the 8-K out. Once we get the 8-K out, we'll be in the open market. And what I put in the prepared remarks this morning is our base case is approximately $500 million of stock buyback for the year. 
Howard Ungerleider: And I would just add, John -- this is Howard. Every product manager who has accountability for an asset there is working on the sell upside of that, so that's optimizing the product mix, cutting the fourth quartile and adding to first or second quartile margins and look at the profitability on a margin velocity per hour of production, and that's how they're held accountable. 
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Laurence, so if you look at the slide, I would say it's before. So it's the core earnings will be up, but will be offset by some of those sequential headwinds that we talked about on the call. 
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Aleksey. I would just say it would be far above that number if you had the same conditions because remember, to Jim's point, it was a startup year. You had -- we were going through the punch list to get ready for the LRT for the entire year, taking assets up, taking assets down. And there was no sell up. It was all sellout kind of mindset at the time. So as you move forward, everything else being equal, Sadara will improve just based on the sell upside of the equation would be what I would say. 
