Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Doug, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Let's go to Slide 4. Dow demonstrated strength and stability this quarter, executing swiftly and purposefully in the midst of uncertain macro conditions, and we exited the period with momentum. Recall that in our last earnings conference call we projected headwinds would linger into the first quarter of 2012 and that momentum would build as the quarter and the year progressed. In fact, the quarter played out as we anticipated, with macroeconomic volatility impacting a number of our markets and businesses. But despite this, we continued to execute against our goals and deliver value for our shareholders. Here are some highlights. Adjusted earnings per share of $0.61. Adjusted sales grew 4%, representing Dow's 10th consecutive quarter of year-over-year sales gains. While strong revenue growth in Agricultural Sciences was certainly a headline, equally compelling was a strong performance from Dow Water and Process Solutions, Dow Elastomers, Dow Functional Materials and Polyglycols and Surfactants, each of which achieved first quarter sales records. And our geographic diversity benefited us once again this quarter. Developed regions began showing signs of returning strength, particularly in the United States, which posted 5% sales growth. And our emerging regions achieved their 10th consecutive quarter of year-over-year volume growth. As a result, we delivered $2.1 billion of adjusted EBITDA with records in a number of our businesses including Functional Materials, Dow Elastomers, Dow Automotive Systems and, of course, Dow Agricultural Sciences. Also this quarter, we took swift, targeted actions to drive further efficiencies in our operations and liberate resources that enable us to invest in attractive sectors and regions. And finally, we continued our sharp focus on capital management, reducing both debt and interest expense and remaining firmly on track to reach our net debt to cap goal by year end. This stability, this resolve to deliver, is validation of the fact that Dow was and remains in execution mode and enable us to exit the quarter with momentum. So on Slide 5 and on this point, I want to take a moment to dive deeper and further illuminate the momentum we saw build within the quarter. Recall that on our last teleconference, we discussed management interventions that fueled an inflection point in our operating rates. This improvement carried into the new year, both in terms of our operating rate, which improved 12 percentage points on a sequential basis as well as in our sales. We saw positive indicators in a number of the key sectors and regions we serve. For example, our sales in the United States, Germany and China all grew double digits from February to March, excluding the seasonality of our ag business. Importantly, this momentum is ahead of what we saw last year. We also saw sales grow double digits month-over-month in all of our operating segments. Moving through the second quarter and into the second half of the year, we are seizing this momentum, maximizing opportunities for short- and long-term growth. I'll have more to share on this in a moment, but first let me turn it over to Bill for more detail on our financial and operating results.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, so thank you for the clarify on Performance Plastics in the quarter, that's indeed the right observation. The compression of margins in Western Europe, many are in negative cash margin territory. We're in positive territory because of our flexi-crackers over there which, of course, then, as your question, which can we take LPGs from low-cost jurisdictions into those crackers. The answer is yes. Have we looked at U.S. exports in particular? We are evaluating that sort of thing. The real key issue is export terminal availability, especially on propane. But we are looking into it for Terneuzen in particular.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, so ag as you -- to go backwards on your question, Latin America, we're already in double-digit territory without any feel for constraint on germplasm. In fact, our germplasm for corn and soy and cotton, we are very happy with in the U.S. as well. And in fact, we're building our position in corn without the need to go and acquire a hell a lot more germplasm because we have channels that we can get to and negotiate licensing agreements to give us value to our shareholders. However, having said that, we also -- I want you to note that, that I can talk about Enlist as a unique and unbelievable opportunity to help us with respect to maximizing the value in those channels, because we will have the most complete insect and herbicide trait package through SmartStax and Enlist. And we're looking at the next 2 years as further game changers in our access to market whether that be direct germplasm ourselves and especially in corn to get to double-digit market share, as we talked about several years ago or indeed to, in fact, do licensing.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, so turnarounds to -- you'll remember we've started turnarounds, so you got to take that out, but if you look at the crackers that were operating actually globally, they're all in the 90% range. So all higher and especially the U.S. Canadian crackers, which of course, as you just noted in your question, Andy, low-cost. We have lots of turnarounds this quarter. It's a big turnaround season, not really any different to this time last year it's what we see every year about -- in the spring season, if you like, in the northern hemisphere. But we really do expect 90% operating rates once they're all up and running in the back half of this year.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, the key is we had, in our view, a record top and bottom line quarter driven by gains in both price and volume, but we have a lot of front-loading on the big launches going on not the least of them being Enlist. So that's why you should see it, we're scaling up SG&A in particular now, to the first question that was asked, I think by P.J., in terms of what we're going to do to actually see access to market. We're building that access through direct channel, and that's what you're seeing at the front end in terms of maybe taking away a little bit from the bottom line.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So I think it's -- the last part of your point is the Asian dynamic has been quite troubled for lots of reasons. Not the least of them being Japan and post-tsunami Japan, and many -- much of the capacity not coming back up again. And then, of course, the squeeze on margins out there due to the higher oil and naphtha price. Even many of the state owned crackers in China are under severe pressure to actually change their entire footprint. We ourselves have been asked to come in and help them. In fact, help them with flexi-crackers and they want to start in their shale gas in a big way, not that they've discovered a lot yet. But you can see a new dynamic happening in Asia, which is running crackers where they have return on capital as their metric rather than just running them. And that's creating a very different dynamic in terms of North American exports to Asia. I tell you, Don, we're about to enter, unless we do something really silly on energy policy, a golden age again for North American exports to Asia based on the new dynamic in Asia and good solid growth, 7.5% in China is slower than normal, but still very solid growth as well as the North America arbitrage ethane to naphtha. We'll create operating rates that we feel will be for the next 3 or 4 years in the 90-plus range, but U.S. will be the exporter of very close second resort, if not competitive with many of the crackers even in the Middle East.
Andrew N. Liveris: I take your comment with a grain of salt that my answer will now provide you I said days, weeks, not months, and I'll stay there.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, look, I can't conjecture about the reason people don't come into the stock. But to the extent they're trying to read the cycle down to the month, I think they -- people do overreact to that. I think our numbers speak for themselves. We've said it will be volatile through the cracker season. And as the crackers come back up, they'll be lots of demand and not as much supplies, that will get tight again. So Q2, Q3 will remain volatile, but we believe by Q4 and beyond, it will go structurally long and stayed there for several years. So you can expect this up and down volatility in the next several months to continue. At the same time, normalized demand recovery environment, which we are seeing in the United States, I don't want to repeat what I said in my commentary and we said in our press release. We are seeing recovery in some really good areas in the U.S., not the least of them being construction, which is a pretty powerful signal. First time we've seen that for several years, and we are seeing it across a range of our different businesses. I think U.S. being a strong economy, being the size it this, will help price increase environment in the resin as well. So you're going to see the double effect of that tighter ethylene based on low-cost ethane, U.S. running hard exports as well as domestic going up and price power in all those [ph] plastics.
Andrew N. Liveris: We've always said certainly in our calls and in our investor roadshows that one thing people don't read as detailed as they read the ethane is in fact the propane dynamic, which is a governor on the ethane dynamic. In essence, propane going structurally long as U.S. natural gas recalibrates back to some normalized number in the, let's call it $4 range. As ethane calibrates around that based on a premium to natural gas at the $4 range. Propane will be -- it's alternative value is the fuel market, but the fuel market is structurally long based on natural gas and ethane. So what happens is it has to be exported but there's not enough export terminal being built. So as a consequence of that, propane will become a very, very favorable feedstock for flexi-crackers that can take it, which will include ours. So even our U.S. announcement last week, we'll be able to take some propane into that cracker, won't be a pure ethane cracker because of this natural effect. Therefore, we believe propane dehydrogenation and the arbitrage to propylene will be a competitive advantage for many years to come, and there is no natural new sync for propane. Of course, over time, export capacity will be built, and so back to P.J.'s question we'll be able to even export some of it ourselves, but we believe for us, it's 1/3 of U.S. Gulf Coast capability and propane cracking resides with Dow, and we'll be able to use as a natural governor on ethane price if ethane price tends to go high.
Andrew N. Liveris: So, no, Howard has not disappeared and Performance Plastics, which as you know, is realigned to now have a market orientation. That market orientation, Peter, is recreated in a complete new way because of packaging. And we bought the Rohm and Haas Packaging Adhesives Materials business, combined it with our plastics franchise, our polyethylene franchise and have created an $8 billion packaging unit, which really, today, is technology-driven, market-driven and takes the feedstock advantage as a bonus. In other words, Howard's machine is market-driven. And then the second part of that is Elastomers, which had a bang-up quarter especially into automotive. And the third part of that is Health -- Hygiene and Medical, which goes into everything from diapers to you name it, wound care. And as a consequence of that, what the unit is doing today is what we promised it would to. We've moved away from commodity resin sales, and we've moved into value-add technology, market-driven sales across those 4 buckets. Of course, we still make a lot of resin, but we don't want to -- to use the term, Howard's term, we're not pellet heads. We are market-driven solutions providers.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So look, January February was always jury out, and we said it in the latter part when we announced the Q4 that Chinese New Year was going to be seminal. The thing that's happened, Peter, is the sales momentum, especially as you just said March, which we saw a plus 20% over year-over-year. That was almost across the board, across every sector and across all geographies, including China. The China rebound was kind of tepid after Chinese New Year in February but started picking up in March. So now if you look going forward, that momentum has continued on into Q2 and with our cost intervention, because Europe is still a bit of a weight, with our cost interventions in Europe in particular but certainly even the big takedown of the plant in Brazil. We feel the U.S. is showing tailwinds and strength, and Asia is good to strong and Latin America is good to strong. So we believe we don't want to be irrationally exuberant, good curtail winds coming out of March.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, it's the focus around -- we, in the last 5 years, we've executed around one of the most major portfolio transformations in Dow's history, probably nothing bigger has been done like this since the '40s and '50s when we got into petrochemicals in the first place. That 5 or 6 years has put us in a great position. We have the portfolio in place to deliver the cash we promised our shareholders and the earnings targets that underpin that, which also means then that we have to continue to execute and deliver shareholder remuneration. That is the single focus here. It's a drumbeat that we have out there for a year. The dividend increase hopefully shows that we're serious, the board is serious and is all about execution from here, Peter. We don't need acquisitions for the reasons I just said.
Andrew N. Liveris: I think it's a great question. I think it would be fair to say it's all of the above. I mean I'd tell the rebuilding of inventory especially after the very low points of late last year. Now we took actions and moved volume to capture share. Now what's going as we're out there with good operating rates. I mean, let me give you polyurethanes as a good example. Polyurethanes in the United States gained share late last year, has kept share and has now got price increases in place. And so as you go forward, whether it's epoxy or propylene oxide-based polyols, we actually are seeing strength. And it's share plus price, and it all was really started to take traction in March, as people started to rebuild inventories. But then the other amplifier, and we talked about this in the Q4 call. We said the amplifier would be if the market started to take traction again based on confidence. The restocking will be an amplifier and that's indeed what we saw in March. The fact that it all happened in March versus February and March, that's a fairly new dynamic but we're watching this carefully. We track it, if not daily, weekly here and we're seeing the order book is reasonably strong on the March clock, not on the first quarter clock. So the quarter is looking like March, not like the quarter, not like Q1.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. You've just said a much more eloquent job than I did in answering the question, but I think you articulate exactly a scenario that we think will play out.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, so on ag, thanks again, Frank, for giving me a chance to just say that ag had just a blow-out quarter, and I know the others out there did as well. But look, just our sales in our new ag chem products, I mean, 41% versus same quarter last year on the news whether it be SmartStax, pyroxsulam, [indiscernible] but we all did well. The ag fundamentals because of this weather, we believe there might be a $0.01 pull-forward for us. That's about it based in our mix. Why? Because we've been gaining share -- our Seed, Traits and Oils posted outstanding mid double-digit growth in Q1. It's now $1 billion business. This will be a longer season in both ag chem as well as in construction to answer your question.
Andrew N. Liveris: I'm going to probably defer to answer that question to the next earnings call, and the only reason I'm doing that is that we're doing June strategy week, and our Dow Coating Materials business has been in here, and we're very excited by the slide we provided you in this deck, which shows you market penetration. This is potentially a $500 million NPV launch. And the most important part of this is it's gen-1 only and it's near term, and we have the assets pretty much in place. So this is near-term EBITDA not back loaded. And I will give you more on it in the next call if you remember to ask.
Andrew N. Liveris: So the turnaround season is a driver to answering your question. As you know, it's currently trading at about $0.50. We expect that will be what you'll see in Q2 but there is a slight lag, one; and two, to the previous question that was asked on volatility, it will go structurally long in Q4. But yes, I mean, it lags slightly and it lags slightly in our numbers mostly because of polyethylene.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, they will catch up in Q2. And it's just simple, the dynamic around the quarter that people have asked about which is January and February were slow and so traction was hard. But as the market came back with the strong tailwind in March as we've already answered, their price increases started to go through and you'll see much more of that in the whole quarter versus the month.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. Look, I'm loath to use sporting analogies because some of you have used them for headlines but look, this was straight down the fairway tee shot, the quarter. Middle of the fairway, not above a Watson shot, although he did pretty well. This was right down the middle of fairway, green in sight. And as far as Dow AgroScience is concerned, they actually got on the green in one. And so we have work to do in the volatile economy, but we have tailwinds and we have strength. Where? I've mentioned AgroScience. I also said that we're seeing positive indicators of construction, transportation and electronics, and we're also seeing a stronger U.S., and with good tailwinds and Dow's great position in the United States enhanced by the feedstocks that we've talked about and the technology launches we've talked about whether they be in AgroSciences or whether they be EVOQUE. So there's a momentum going on, and the momentum will ensure that we keep delivering our quarters and our cash flow and our shareholder remuneration as Peter Butler said, this is a different Dow. We are very focused on execution in the current portfolio, so we can delever, but as critically important to us, show to all of you why your patience in us is justified. This is a company that's executing and will continue to execute. We look forward to talking to you on the next call.
William H. Weideman: Yes. Andy, this is Bill. In the second quarter of last year, our turnaround costs were $291 million. So about $290 million. And this quarter, we're -- or second quarter this year, we're projecting around $300 million. So it'll be very similar to a year ago, but as you mentioned they will be up $100 million versus first quarter due to the summer months is when we do most of the turnaround.
William H. Weideman: This is Bill Weiderman. That's actually normal. We normally build inventory in the first quarter in advance of our higher turnaround season, and so it's very much in line, it was very planned in terms of building that inventory level. So as you know, in the first quarter, working capital ends up being a use of funds in Dow and as we move through the year becomes the source of fund. so very much in line with past practice.
William H. Weideman: This is Bill, again. Well, as you know, we made significant progress deleveraging our balance sheet over the last few years, and we've also got a significant amount of liquidity. Having said that, clearly as we've mentioned and reemphasized our cash priorities. As Andrew mentioned, our priorities will continue to be remunerating shareholders but also continuing to delever. So -- and then also funding growth, and we believe with our projected cash flows, we have the ability to do all 3.
