Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining Dow's fourth quarter earnings call. This call is available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments today. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow's website and through the link to our webcast. I'm Pankaj Gupta, Dow Investor Relations Vice President, and joining me today on the call are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dow's Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today as well as on the Dow website. On slide 2, you will see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin by reviewing our fourth quarter and full year highlights and operating segment performance; Howard will then share our outlook and modeling guidance; and then Jim will discuss how we will continue to execute on our priorities to deliver value growth. Following that, we will take your questions. Now, let me turn the call over to Jim.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now, let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Pankaj Gupta: I think that's all the time we have today. So thanks, everyone, for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow's website within about 24 hours or so. This concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Jim Fitterling: Our view, as we go into the quarter, we had two increases out in the market, plus 4, plus 4. And I think those will look like they're going to line up for February and for March. As we ended the year, we were a little bit constrained on volume really due to some unplanned events of our own, both the hurricane as well as the situation we had in Terneuzen. Otherwise, December was the best marine pack cargo month for exports that we've had since last March, still not back to where we'd like it to be but I think we see signs of gradual improvement, and the team is working hard to stay on top of that. And I think that's why you see the Asia volume number down in the fourth quarter was we just backed off of those exports in the fourth quarter.
Jim Fitterling: Let me have Howard walk through the guidance and then we can comment a little bit more on the market outlook for Q1.
Jim Fitterling: And I'd say, Hassan, it's possible that margins could open up. Obviously, our view on oil is very constructive because as you look at the market, demand has been better than anybody anticipated for oil. And because of the investments being so low in oil and gas production in the last three years, it takes supply time to catch up. So, when you look at the spare available capacity for oil, that number is relatively low. And as this demand grows, that shrinking spare available capacity number means the market moves up pretty dramatically, and that opens up the spreads. Meanwhile, LNG is obviously driving natural gas production. I think in the United States, as we get through winter, we're going to see prices come down to like the 2.75 a million Btu range. That will mean a pretty good oil to gas spread here and plenty of available ethane for the market.
Jim Fitterling: Asia has been underwater because of the rise, obviously, in naphtha prices and the narrow margins there. I'd also say a slow start to the year. We've got Chinese New Year ahead of us here the 1st of February. And I think we're watching closely as we come out. We've seen some rate reductions at some Asian producers that are higher cost. That's what we would expect to see. And obviously, when coal ramped up and LNG ramped up, CTO and MTO down. So, as we come out of Chinese New Year watching closely on both polyethylene as well as ethylene glycol and what happens to the market. EG has come off a little bit from the fourth quarter, not terribly dramatic, but it's down more than $100 a ton. And the demand coming out of Chinese New Year will be something we keep an eye on. Now that's good for us. Obviously, with our footprint and our advantaged cost positions here, we just have to continue to improve on these marine pack cargo shipments and get those numbers moving up to take advantage of that arbitrage with Asia.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Jeff. Let me ask Howard to walk through the share count and the modeling guidance data.
Jim Fitterling: And back to your question, Jeff, on asset utilization, we've seen -- obviously, we saw some impact in the fourth quarter from weather-related outages and constraints. But as we start the first quarter, I think everything's come back to normal on operating rates. So, we've been running pretty strong in the Gulf Coast, strong as we have for a long time, and that's a nice sign going into the first quarter.
Jim Fitterling: Normal amount of capacity offline for the year. So, typically planned downtime year-to-year will be about the same. We have three cracker turnarounds, the three crackers that are there means about the same amount of outage time. Our expectations on growth, global GDP, 4% to 4.5%; U.S. 4; China, 5 to 6, translates really for us at 1.5 times GDP and about 6% year-over-year volume growth. That's what we're targeting for and that's what we're running for. We want to try to obviously also get some inventories back up and service levels back for our customers, trying to get back to kind of a normal cadence that they can expect and better availability and reliability for them.
Jim Fitterling: They are gradually improving. I would say the one thing in coatings that's a little bit different than some of our other chains, there are quite a few small ingredients that go into that coatings chain. So, third-party suppliers, even that supply through us from day to day, we still see some disruptions on third-party supply and materials. We've got a turnaround right now in the first quarter for Deer Park, but that's planned and then we'll be running hard. We ran really hard in fourth quarter. I think we picked up some ground in fourth quarter, and we're able to help some things out. We've been using more of our own acrylate monomers in our captive business. So that's kind of constrained monomers a bit. But my expectation is with the strong contractor demand for housing architecture, do-it-yourself is still holding up really well and housing starts. I mean you saw the December housing starts number was up 11.9% in North America, which was well above what people expected with rents increasing and the ability to buy or build, being there and some of the materials cost coming off. I think we're going to see a good housing season in North America, and that's going to drive some good business for us.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. The demand is very strong. And welcome, Mike, Thank for being here. For every 1% of GDP growth in the marketplace, you need 2 to 3 world-scale polyethylene plants to come on line and our expectation is that is not going to change. We see strong demand across all the sectors for plastics products. And so, that's what's driving it. I would say, we have very good line of sight to the projects and the timing of the projects. And most of them are going to start coming on second quarter midyear impact. And so, I think the market growth is going to help moderate some of that. I think our expectations on operating rates are 2 to 3 percentage points higher than what the industry is expecting on polyethylene, and plastics is typically running a bit heavier than that. So, my outlook is you've got 4 million tons that are coming in North America. About half of that is destined for the export market. So, that's why we're trying to keep an eye on marine pack cargo and the export shipments. About 50% of the global PE capacity adds between now and 2025 are coming on in high-cost regions. Naphtha, which is the most of that and a little bit of CTO and MTO capacity. About 60% of all global polyethylene capacity adds through 2025 are in Northeast Asia. So, I think with the advantage being in Canada, U.S., Argentina, Middle East to places that have really good structural low-cost ethane positions, we're going to be in a good space and operating rates are going to be very high.
Jim Fitterling: I do think we're going to see a rebound from all that offline capacity. As Howard said, it's unpredictable, right? I mean, a weather event can take some offline. But the amount offline due to unplanned events, weather-related events last year was probably double what we would normally see. And that Texas freeze had a lot of knock-on impacts that are hurting. I think, yes, we're seeing movement into all the markets. We've seen India come back relatively strong, which has been a good positive. And I think after the Chinese New Year, we'll watch China coming back. We're seeing good steady improvements in marine pack cargo. We need to keep ramping those rates up. And I think as we navigate through Omicron and we'd start to see less of an impact on the labor force, we'll see those numbers loosen up. And so, that's why we're looking for the higher operating rates and the 6% volume growth coming out of the machine this year. I think global -- I'm not pessimistic about inflation killing demand. Honestly, inflation has always been a positive for our business, and over the last 30 years, when the Fed raises interest rates, that typically tends to drive outperformance in our sector versus the other sectors. And so, I think commodities pull is very strong right now, whether it's in petrochemicals or whether it's in minerals and mining for all of the things that we need for EVs and alternative energy.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. No, it's a great question, Steve. And this is an area that's rapidly changing. I would say on the brand owner segment, the brand owners pull a lot through the packaging. So, brand owners can be brands that you buy for food or for personal care items, could be medical care, and other types of applications as well. All the brand owners are asking us for more post-consumer recycled content. And obviously, the quality needs to be good. And that's why the discussion around advanced recycling is so strong, and we're making progress getting more and more acceptance of advanced recycling. I think our view is as we go into high-value applications, that is going to be the way that we tackle this. Mechanical recycling will still be there but in those cases, I think you're going to see more mechanical recycling into more durable type applications, different end markets. We see the same trend in silicones, silicones especially in Personal Care, we see the trend in automotive, all the automotive OEMs and manufacturers are looking for to be able to make claims on sustainability on their products. That even goes into polyurethanes for seating and cushioning. And so, the project we announced last year in France were full recycle of polyurethane foams strong demand for those in the automotive sector. Now, the supply is not there yet. And they all want more supply faster and supply challenges making sure that that's all cost competitive. And they just don't have a blank check to write for these materials. It is going to be more expensive than virgin materials. And I think they're all getting their heads wrapped around that. Just like the whole discussion we're having now about focus too much towards renewable energy really drives up the energy cost for the whole complex. And so, that's a big debate right now, and that's why we're very-disciplined about our approach and making bets that we think will be low cost in that future and also will be the quality that customers need for their end product.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Kevin. It's a very good question, and we will ramp into this as we go through the year. Think about it this way. It was this time last year, I think it was February last year that we had the freeze in Texas. It took pretty much the whole state of Texas down. A lot of capacity came out. And we -- by March, we were back and we ran hard through the month of March. What happened during that time was inventories got depleted pretty much through the chain. And then, we had a very strong second and third quarter. So there wasn't a chance to really rebuild any inventories. We had an October hurricane, again, pressure on inventories, and then we had logistics constraints all through the year. In fact, March was our best marine pack cargo exports after the freeze. And December was the best month we've had since March. So, it took that long to really kind of scale back out of it. So gradually, we're seeing improvement month by month on marine pack cargo exports. We were constrained by the fact that there if you had inventory, it might not have been in the right grade for a customer. We are constrained a little bit by comonomers. Comonomer is very tight for the higher alpha olefins sector, and we're constrained by logistics. And so that's -- and the Terneuzen situation than in Europe, obviously put a curtailment on taking orders in the fourth quarter. So, I think that's a bit of an anomaly and that was specific to those issues. But I think the underlying demand growth is still there, and the order book is still strong.
Jim Fitterling: I think, a good proxy for the supply chain impact would be to look at the Asia volumes year-over-year, and that will give you a good -- because we had a strong fourth quarter last year. And so, that would give you a good indication on the age of volumes. So, if you look at our fourth quarter sales volumes, they decreased in Asia, and that's mostly obviously China. And so I think you can look at that and see that opening back up, and that will drive some of that 6% growth. And then obviously, we have other markets that we serve out of the Gulf that will come back. And some of that outage time was in Europe. And Europe is really sized for the domestic market there. And the business in Europe Q1 has been strong. There hasn't been an issue with demand in Europe. So, I think we'll work through that. Team is working hard on the reliability and availability of schedule. That's been the biggest challenge, is you've got something scheduled and then worker shortages because somebody has tested positive for Omicron means they're not able to pick it up. That's the hand-to-hand that the team is dealing with right now.
Jim Fitterling: In China on dual control, Duffy, the biggest thing that we had our eye on was, obviously, silica metal for silicones is an energy-intensive process. And early on, there was some concern that China was going to curtail some of that manufacturing. We were able to move some silicon metal from Brazil because we have production there as well to kind of offset. But that's why in the fourth quarter, we pulled some turnaround time into the fourth quarter for Zhangjiagang, for silicones, and that's done now. And over the course of the fourth quarter, both our industry and the solar industry made sure it was obvious to the Chinese government that the impact that that would have on solar PV market and on our market as well. So right now, those assets are not under the dual-control curtailments. We keep a close eye on that. We are not in some of the other locations that have been more impacted by dual-control. And I think it could be positive for imports for polyethylene, although I haven't seen that yet. So, we just keep a close eye on it. But I think for silicones, we're in a good track. We're going to -- we're up and going to have a strong first quarter there. And the market demand and the volumes are good.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Arun, thank you. Polyurethane market strength in furniture and bedding, appliances, construction, everything related to housing is very good. In that segment, II&I segment also Industrial Solutions, market strength, pharma, home cleaning, food, we have some feed additives in there, crop defense, intermediates for crop defense and electronics are all very strong. And what you see is that the supply-demand is very constructive to the middle of this decade, whether you're looking at MDI, polyethylene -- propylene glycol or ethylene oxide and ethylene oxide derivatives. So, all very strong through mid-decade. We think that even though automotive is a little bit constrained right now because of semiconductor chip shortages, we expect that's going to ease throughout the year and especially in the second half is going to be better. Light vehicle production estimates for this year, about 85 million units around the world. That will be up from last year, so that's positive. Electric vehicle trends are good for us. There's more content on an EV for us than there is on internal combustion engine vehicle, but both of them continue to look good. So, I think that's good. A little bit slower, our operating rates on propylene oxide because the new capacity has come on. But net-net, so the systems business, which is a strong driver of the profitability is going to be good. Just to give you an example on building and construction, we're looking at kind of 4% market growth rate similar to last year, electronics, 6%. And so, I think we've got a good trend in front of us.
Howard Ungerleider: Sure. Good morning, Hassan. Look, I think your number or your estimate is reasonable when you look at all the moving parts. And the way I would think about it is, look, we're going to see about $275 million likely of margin moderation sequentially from Q4 to Q1. And then the net turnaround is actually a tailwind from Q4 to Q1 of about $125 million. So, those are the big moving parts.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, sure. Good morning, Jeff. I would say, look, our guidance is for flat because we're focused on making sure we cover dilution. With that said, we're going to continue to be opportunistic. We bought $400 million worth in the fourth quarter. Our expectation is that we will do that same rough amount in the first quarter. Don't forget the way as you're doing your math, you've got to think about where the stock price is because that will obviously impact the number of shares that we can buy, increased exercise of options as the share price hopefully continues to move up. And then also, the averaging effect, right, because that will impact the number as well. So, that's why we say, look, 745 million is a good number. Could it be slightly lower than that by the end of the quarter? It could be.
Howard Ungerleider: The only other thing maybe to add, Frank, is remember when you think about year-on-year for full year '22 versus '21. Last year, we had the winter storm. That knocked out the -- that knocked out all of Texas basically for the industry for about 30 days, and then we also had the two hurricanes. So, we obviously can't predict what weather events or what unplanned events are going to happen. But certainly, it feels like last year was above normal.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, sure. Duffy, yes, equity earnings were up year-on-year. They were up 224 -- well, they were $224 million, up $118 million. Really gains in Kuwait, Thailand and JV primarily in P&SP in our Industrial Solutions business. And you're right about cash. So, our dividends are -- they come a year in arrears. So if you think about it, the reason why the cash was down this year is because earnings last year were lower in 2020 versus 2019. Obviously, the equity earnings were up in 2021. And so, that's why this year in 2022, we're guiding that the dividends will be up about $250 million. So, you should model in about $500 million to $600 million. We targeted the midpoint of $550 million of higher cash from our JV dividends in 2022.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I think you've got -- Alex, good morning. I think you've got two moving parts, so really three. You've got how much volume we can get, which will be the total margin dollars, you've got the price and then you've got the cost structure. I mean clearly, what we're seeing is elevated natural gas prices in the U.S. and also significantly higher Brent pricing, which will impact naphtha. So certainly, in Europe, our cost structure is going to be higher. But I think the points that Jim mentioned earlier, demand is very strong. And so, you are likely going to see higher prices around the world. It is too soon to tell about Asia to the point that Jim made about Chinese New Year. We'll see what happens. But you've got good global GDP, you've got good manufacturing output. You've got good consumer spending. That will drive demand growth. And with the higher feedstock cost, whether it's on a natural gas basis in the Americas or oil, Brent, naphtha in the rest of the world, that will put pressure on price. So, the best that we can do is our view is that minus $275 million a margin offset by $125 million of favorable net positive sequential turnaround. And that's how you get to that 2.08 [ph] plus or minus number.
