Colleen Kay: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss the second quarter financial results for Dow. We’re making this call available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow’s website and through the link to our webcast. I am Colleen Kay, Investor Relations Vice President for Dow and joining me on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dow’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dow’s Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified all financials where applicable exclude significant items. We’ll also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today, and on the Dow website. On Slide 2, you’ll see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin with the second quarter highlights and discuss the operating performance of the segments. Howard will provide a financial overview of the quarter and an update on Sadara, he will share the additional actions we are taking to address current market condition and then move into modeling guidance. Jim will close with some remarks on our outlook and Dow’s competitive advantages for growth. Following that, we will take your questions. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jim.
Colleen Kay: Thank you, Jim. Now, let's move on to your question. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instruction.
Colleen Kay: Thank you everyone for joining our call today. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For a reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow’s website within 24 hours. This concludes our call. Thank you, and have a great day.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, David. Thanks for the question. We do expect volumes to continue to improve like we saw in the second quarter. We are going to have a little bit of a tailwind from our headwind from some turnaround costs that are in the third quarter. Some turnaround activities have stretched through this year because of the COVID-related issues of workforce. But we do have pricing on the table for July and for August up five in July, up five in August. We were successful in getting price of $0.04 in the month of June. And so I think we're watching what's happening there also with input costs and feedstock costs to see what the net is on an integrated margin. So this outlook would have the whole integrated margin relatively flat and all the increase on volume.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, John. Thanks for the question. We do have a fair amount of business today into the automotive industry, the transportation industry. In the neighborhood of $2 billion to $2.5 billion of sales that goes in there, it's different than the mix of products that went with the transportation and high performance polymers to DuPont. What went to DuPont was glass bonding adhesives and crash durable adhesives. But remember we still have a very large platform of elastomers, silicones into a number of applications in the automotive construction, also polyurethanes and other materials that go into the interior of the cars, coatings for noise vibration and harshness. So what we did was we pulled together a mobility platform that we can put out to the industry to have that face to the industry. And then what we're doing is pulling the resources that know that industry together from the existing businesses, to be able to focus on them and to drive that growth, especially as we see them making changes as they come out of this pandemic to really lean in on next generation mobility platforms, vehicles, and some of the needs that they have there.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. I am going to ask Howard to take that, Jonas, because he and the treasury team have been doing the heavy lifting on Sadara.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Vincent. We’ve got volumes up 10% to 15% in II&I and 5% to 10% in Performance Materials & Coatings. I would think about it in this way. I think, it's more around operating rates and the ability to get those volumes moving and get up above breakeven operating rates in polyurethanes and also seeing some increase in the industrial activity. In II&I, a lot of solvent applications there go into industrial coatings, so they would go into things like the automotive industry, the aerospace industry, the oil and gas industry, also oil and gas production. So those have been relatively flat. So I think as those operating rates come up, we'll see an improvement there. Just to give you an example in Polyurethanes. In the second quarter, we saw automotive rates down 50% year-over-year. They're back in third quarter. They're going to be still below last year, but they'll be about 20% below last year. And some of the other sectors like consumer durables, where they were off 30% year-over-year in the second quarter. We expect them to come back to about 10% below year-over-year. So as that operating rate improves, you're going to see polyurethanes, our target is to be it breakeven operating rates or above in Q3. They'll be about – probably about 9% below last year in terms of volumes. I would say that will be the main thing. I don't expect they'll get a lot of benefit from pricing. They may get some benefit from raw material costs because we have seen ethane still stay relatively available. So the ability to have a good price on ethane as we go through the quarter looks stronger than it did in the middle of the second quarter.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Hassan. Sadara’s input costs are relatively fixed. And so – and a lot of the volume in Sadara is going into the Asian markets and the Middle Eastern markets. And so we did see a recovery in those markets in the second quarter. So I'd say the ability to move those was good. They were down some on operating rate because just the impact of the automotive and the construction sectors had on them. But as the oil price recovered through the quarter, that actually helps Sadara. That helped pricing in Asia, and that obviously helps our margin. They also had – have done well and continue to do well on plastics. So quite a big portion of their output is on the plastic side of the equation. Low-density has done pretty well. They have a nice low-density asset there. And packaging has continued to be strong throughout this pandemic. So I think that combination of things has helped them out. And they've been doing a lot, obviously, on their own to keep costs under control and minimize costs.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Frank. I think a couple of things to take into consideration as we look at it. Obviously, we're seeing volumes come back. We also need to see margin improvement to get back to pre-COVID levels. We have some industries that we serve that have been hit pretty hard. So automotive and construction have been hit pretty hard. We're seeing people go back to construction sites, but on existing projects, and we're watching closely to see how new construction projects get permitted. And a fair amount of product that we sell goes into products that help support the construction market. So we're watching that. On the consumer side, those demands and volumes look much better. And so we need to see ourselves get to a point where operating rates and margins improve before we get ahead of ourselves. We did finish in the second quarter, all the IT separation from DuPont. So that's good. We're going to swing IT activities over to digitalization to help better serve our customers. We've had good success there in silicones. We're making great progress there in coatings. We want to take the whole platform over to an e-commerce platform that can make it easier for customers to interact with us. We turned on a lot of capabilities for them in the second quarter. So what we're trying to do is look at how to be more efficient as we move forward and also look at our structure in terms of the fact that we – I don't expect us moving CapEx up until we get back to pre-COVID type volume levels and margin levels, and so that would mean probably a couple of years before you see us ramp back up into that kind of space.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, P.J. Ethylene margins came under some pressure in the U.S. at the beginning of the second quarter, obviously, because what had happened was U.S. and the Canadian economies were essentially shut down for the quarter. And it took a while for the export channel to open up for polyethylene and volumes to start moving back into Asia and other economies around the world. So very dynamic difference between the first six weeks of the quarter, first two months of the quarter, and the last month of the quarter where we saw volumes increasing almost everywhere. I'd say European ethylene margins improved because naphtha got as low as $150 in the first part of the quarter in April, but then it steadily ramped up as oil came back. So we got whipsaw a little bit the industry did by this massive drop in oil and then the recovery through the rest of the quarter. So it's improving now. I would say, we're starting to see some margins come back in ethylene. Ethylene has been tightening up. There's been some outages that have extended. There are some outages coming in Q3 that we expected were going to happen in Q2, but have been delayed for some reasons into Q3. And so, I think, we're going to see things and ethylene remain relatively tight. We are co-cracking more C4. So we have the ability with flexibility to co-crack C4. There's a little bit of a penalty for that. But the biggest problem on that, the cracking on the Gulf is just the byproducts. With refinery rates down, they’re back into the 70s now, but that's still relatively low with the gasoline pools and the other pools being low with rubber being down due to automotive demand and construction demand. What you see is that it's very heavily favoring ethane cracking and ethane and propane cracking because you create less byproducts. So I think we were able to navigate that relatively well because we were basically 80:20 ethane propane on the Gulf in the quarter. And we were able to co-crack the crude C4s. And so I think that gave us a little bit of an advantage and we didn't have to fire sale byproducts and we didn't have to cut rates just to manage those balances.
Jim Fitterling: And I'd say on your inventory question, John, our inventory units were down 10% year-over-year. And so as those units come back on, we'll be meeting that demand with improved operating rates. So, we're not planning on putting a lot of material into inventory. We're planning on maintaining tight working capital discipline as we talked about earlier in the year, all throughout the year, and then matching Dow’s operating rates to the demand that we see coming through.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Bob. Thanks for the question. With what we saw in China coming out of the third quarter and going into the fourth quarter and volumes plus the fact that naphtha had moved up to $350 a ton, so it's almost a $200 ton increase from the beginning of the quarter until the end of the quarter. That's also helped support pricing movement up in Asia. And I think the volume and the pricing movements are going to continue. Our outlook on oil obviously as this is going to continue in this range, maybe higher, could get as high as $48 by the end of the year, but somewhere in the range of where we are today in that kind of a ballpark. I would say as the demand comes back in automotive, especially in construction, and that complements the really positive demand that we've seen in consumer food packaging, especially packaging, health and hygiene markets. I think you're going to see rates tighten up. We are seeing right now in some of the naphtha crackers them at reduced rates, so maybe down 20% off of the rates that they were at the beginning of second quarter. We have some that are idled. MTO is essentially out of the money until oil gets back above something like $50 a barrel. So I think what you're going to see as the European crackers have improved, margins have improved. That was our results in the second quarter. I think IHS data would support that. And with the ethane advantage coming back and enough ethane and rejection in the U.S. Gulf Coast, that's going to help the U.S. position. And I think we're starting to see some polyethylene come on. So the ethylene side of the house is starting to tighten up a little bit.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. So I think when you look at volumes in PU and you look at that segment, we talked about volumes being down 20% and prices being down on top of that. What we're starting to see is automotive production is coming back. Automotive is back at about 80%, maybe as much as 90% of where it was in Asia. It's not back to those levels yet in the U.S., but it's trending back in that direction. I think, it will take polyurethanes a little longer to come back than plastics for example because that demand is going into much more ratable consumer applications. So, our view would be, you'll probably see polyurethanes back above breakeven operating rates before the end of this year. And then next year, you'll start to see them building some positive trends and maybe pre-COVID levels may be out to the 2022 kind of timeframe.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. So operating rates obviously came down just mainly because the economies were shut down. If you go back to the beginning of the year, January, February, we were off to a rocking start at the beginning of the year. And then it was the economic shutdowns that really locked everything in during the months of March and April and May, April and May being the two worst. And so, I would say, operating rates for us on ethylene and polyethylene right now are pretty much like they were last year and the volumes are continuing to build. We're seeing some – obviously projects that we thought were going to be completed this year are still being under construction and haven't started up and they're moving out and we're also seeing investment decisions moving out and we're seeing projects, including ones that we had on the books moving out. And what I've said to the team here and to all of you is that we need to get ourselves back to pre-COVID type demand levels before we start talking about CapEx and growth beyond that. And we've got to get some better visibility. I like what I'm seeing in the month of June. I like what I'm seeing in July and the outlooks for August. But we got to get ourselves a longer term visibility here and some buildup in rates and some momentum going into this.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. So let me just make a comment on the top. So we announced $300 million in workforce reduction, and that is just people related. The asset shutdowns and any charge we take for that would be over and above that number. We're working through all the details of that right now. The way we looked at that, Kevin, was we looked – we had done some work here to take a look at the footprint of the company and where we wanted to be in a decade. And with this pandemic, I think, it challenged us to take a look at which of these assets are struggling right now and may for the long-term struggle to be competitive in any scenario. And that's what we're focusing in on. So it isn't a wholesale business unit. It's one-off assets here and there that are at the long – the wrong end of the cost curve. And that's what we're focusing in on. And Howard, maybe you can help him a little bit with how to quantify that.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, I would say – yes, good morning. So, 20% of that $350 million was done in the second quarter. So you'll have 80% of that $350 million that will come through in Q3 and Q4. And then obviously this morning we upsized the $350 million to $500 million. So all of that upsized $150 million will come in the third and the fourth quarter as well.
Jim Fitterling: Laurence, good morning. I would say I'm seeing right now rate cuts in Asia on crackers, as I mentioned, as much as 20%. We've seen some new projects that are sitting idle such as the rapid project in Malaysia. We've seen some shutdown of older crackers, not much where newer crackers were built and have been started up, but we haven't seen much of that yet. And the margins that have been in have meant that there has been positive cash out of running the unit. So we haven't seen that kind of pressure on those margins. We're seeing a little bit of issues on that are going to positively impact operating rate due to operation of the asset. So it could be things like byproducts and the inability to move byproducts. It could be things like maintenance. These assets are designed and they run better when they run hard. So when you try to run them at reduced rates, sometimes things happen. And so, we've seen some of that. We've seen postponements of turnarounds. So maybe about 8% capacity losses in EMEA in July right now in spite of the fact that you had a couple of outages that were pushed out. So you're seeing the age of some of the fleet start to show up and – start to show up when you're trying to flex things and I think that's having an impact.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, our look right now is that if you just looked at the cost curve today, there's about 21 million metric tons, that's about 11% of ethylene capacity. That's at risk either due to age, scale, high conversion cost, the vast majority of that's in the Pacific and in Russia. So more than half of that is in Pacific and in Russia. 3 million to 4 million tons in the U.S. and in North America. So those are the ones that we're keeping an eye on. And we can talk to you offline about it as well if you want to talk about individual projects.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Jonas. Good morning. I mean, look, Sadara had a challenging second quarter, just like all of our chains because of really the COVID pandemic. So when you look at their equity earnings, to us, they were essentially flat versus prior quarter, but down versus same quarter a year ago. I think some of the comments that I made in the prepared comments, I mean, at the end of March, we did achieve that rail agreement. So that was the last substantive step to project completion. So now we are in a position – Sadara is in a position to declare PCD. We're withholding that at the moment as we are working to negotiate a term sheet that's acceptable to all sides. I would say the other thing that we did in the quarter is we essentially executed a framework for structural improvements. That includes a 10-year supply agreement for additional ethane and a five-year extension to the natural gas allocation that further enhances the crackers feedstock flexibility going forward. Those changes are conditional on a successful re-profiling. So we're working through that. We've engaged all the lenders in the negotiation. I would say it is on track, and it's in everybody's interest to get that done by the end of the year, and that's our target.
Howard Ungerleider: Hey, Vincent. This is Howard. Good morning. Just to give you some numbers on decremental margins. I would say, industrial intermediates was low 40s versus same quarter a year ago and PM&C, which was a little bit better than that, was kind of high 30s. Industrial intermediates, as you would expect, has the more durable exposure. So that's why their number was a little bit worse.
Howard Ungerleider: We are not – no, that we are not expanding Sadara. The framework agreement is executing additional feedstock flexibility. So it's additional ethane allocation as well as extending the natural gas allocation for a number of years. So basically, that increases feedstock flex in the range of 30% to 40%, but it's not expanding it. And then your third question – or your third part of the first question, around 2021 and beyond. Look, we're going through the lender re-profiling today. We still expect $500 million in cash to go into Sadara this year, but our target remains that starting in 2021, Sadara will be cash flow self-sufficient. That is the target. And it obviously is contingent on the successful re-profiling of the debt.
Howard Ungerleider: Frank, this is Howard. To answer your question on run rates, our target is to be a 50% run rate on that restructuring program by the end of second quarter next year and 90% by the end of next year.
Howard Ungerleider: Hi, John. Yes, when you think about the assets that we idled because of the pandemic, I would say it's roughly about $140 million of lost EBITDA as a result of those idlings. Obviously, as we bring that back, you'll start to see the incremental margins come back. It really is operating rate related. And you look at the guidance that we gave for the third quarter; clearly, we're looking for, I would say, the biggest increase, but obviously off of a much lower base in Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure as a lot of those durable good manufacturers start – started back their production like the automotive folks. But you'll see improvements – you should see improvements in all three segments, Industrial Intermediates the most, P&SP the least just because it was the most resilient. I think we talked about in the prepared comments, but our polyethylene demand was up sequentially and up versus the same quarter last year, 6%, that went into packaging.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, I mean, Kevin, good morning. I would say, look, we're still working through the accounting, obviously in each one of the decisions, but if I would to ballpark it today, it'll be roughly a total charge of about $1 billion plus or minus $300 million is kind of the range that that we're in, Obviously, $300 million of it related to severance. And then the other two thirds then related to either asset – asset actions or contract termination fees that would have to be paid based on the assets. Almost no cash out this year. And the vast majority of the cash out in 2021 and 2022 and a little bit of a tail there at the end.
Howard Ungerleider: Laurence, I also think you got to look at the CTO MTO assets. There's about 6.5 million metric tons of CTO MTO, and those are hard pressed to generate positive cash flow if oil is below $50 a barrel. So those are also potentially in jeopardy as if oil stays in that range.
