Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Jim, and let's turn to slide 24 and our market outlook. In short, we expect to see continued consumer driven demand around much of the world. We see strong demand signals in North America, gradual recovery in Europe and ongoing consumer-led demand growth in China, all of which are driving the need for Dow's unique products, underscoring our innovation, market access and integration, enabling us to deliver value in our selected market sectors. We saw this in the quarter in the performance of our Building and Construction, Elastomers, Automotive and Electronic Materials businesses where our smart sized scale enabled us to produce high margin, technology-rich solutions faster and to commercialize them more quickly in the key sectors these businesses serve and grow faster than smaller-sized competitors. We believe that pockets of volatility will persist including near-term geopolitical and economic uncertainty, most notably in Brazil. Supply surpluses will continue in Agriculture and Energy. This outlook is what we've seen these last many years and we expect slow economic growth and high volatility to continue in the near term. Going forward, we will continue managing what we can control. We've shown we can grow earnings and volume in this environment using a narrower and deeper market focus, targeted innovation, and our exceptional low-cost and integrated position in the value chain. The Dow business model has outperformed its peers in the last several years and despite a mixed market outlook, we believe we can continue to do so. If you turn to slide 25, I'll end the call today by reiterating that we remain squarely aligned around three clear priorities this year. Priority one: deliver our 2016 plan. As the quarter showed, we are delivering and will continue to do so. Priority two: close the Dow Corning transaction. As Howard said, we are ready to implement and have clear targets in place to meet or exceed expectations. And priority three: move swiftly through the key steps of the DowDuPont transaction. As you heard from Jim, we are on track and we continue to see the $3 billion in projected cost synergies as the floor. We are driven by the mantra, speed to close, speed to spin. Our team has clear goals and a resolute focus on achieving them. Our unique combination of differentiation and integration coupled with a focused market participation driven by our innovation agenda is delivering results. Our broad geographic footprint and relentless productivity mindset will serve us well in the face of volatility and regional and market headwinds. The Dow team is building momentum for the integration of the Dow Corning Silicone's business, the creation of DowDuPont, and the ultimate creation of the new materials co to be named Dow, a growth company with a winning portfolio. These once-in-a-generation transactions further bolstered by our near-term growth drivers and our relentless focus on execution will enable new levels of value creation for our customers and generate even greater returns for our shareholders. And with that, Neal, let's turn to Q&A.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah. But just to add to that last point, Howard, it's fair to say just to underline, we are separate companies, we're operating separately. We will not have any of those conversations and then when we get to day one, there'll be an opportunity and hopefully as I think stated by Jim, that's back half of this year for 2017.
Andrew N. Liveris: And we could help you on follow-up on specific comparison to the competitor you referenced. But we're quite comfortable that we are at or better than their performance.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah. I want to hit on five key points that we made throughout all the question-and-answer session as well as the script. We're off to a strong start to the year which is continuing the three-and-a-half-year streak of earnings growth, managing all sorts of environments. That's coming because we firstly have targeted growth and the portfolio is built for this environment. The diversification works. And frankly we're finding growth where growth is and we're seeing great numbers coming out of our various regions. Then use markets whether it be China here in the U.S. or even Europe. We're benefiting from strong margin management and a strong focus on ROC. And that's the next point I want to make. The U.S. and Chinese markets are strong markets and we have strong outlooks there. We can continue to grow margin in those markets under these environments because we do have the product mix and that last question on Europe means we have the feedstock flex to keep making margins in a recovering Europe. U.S., Europe and China being strong for us is something we've now seen for a while and it's continuing to build momentum. And then the two transactions. Both Howard and Jim outlined it, the questions we were asking on the transactions. We are moving towards these transactions becoming a reality and we're planning very strongly to execute the synergies and execute them and lean into them and execute them quickly. And execute them so in the case of the DowDuPont transaction we moved to spins as fast as we can, in the case of the Dow Corning transaction so that we integrate. Howard's numbers of $300 million of cost synergies and $100 million of growth, just to remind you is about 8% of revenue. We did double digit percentage of revenues on synergies on both Carbide and Rohm and Haas. So we have a strong record of executing the synergy targets that we will talk about. We'll have a lot more to say about DowDuPont and the specifics on that in ensuing calls as we build towards the S-4 registration and of course the shareholder meetings on both sides. Both Ed and I are very dedicated to delivering the three-in-one, $3 billion of cost, $1 billion of growth as a floor. So with that, Neal, I'll turn it back to you.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. Hassan, thanks for the question. We believe that gas is really going to be very well supplied over this five-year horizon and I think in most cases, gas remains sub $3. Maybe it runs between $3 and $4 depending on where oil price goes. And our other view is that $50 to $60 barrel oil, the NGL supply is going to expand significantly in the U.S. Gulf Coast region. So when you combine that with the fact that the crackers' completion schedule and their RTO horizon is stretching out and that spreads that NGL demand intensity out and that's reflected in what we put in the appendix. Ethane export starts up this year but that growth is slow. And propane competition right now is acting as a ceiling for the prices at the cracker level. In fact, it's back into the site. And if you look at first quarter, ethane and propane were kind of at an even tradeoff in the cracker slate. So we think the outlook for NGLs for all these projects is going be just fine and then we'll continue to have a favorable balance there. And you'll see that in the oil and gas ratios as well. As far as ethylene, ethylene moved up $0.05 in March. And I think a little bit of that is some bounce-back in volume demand. As you could see from our own results, volume growth is good there. And you also see some impacts of different outages around the world. Some planned, some unplanned. Look, I'm not a believer yet in this whole theory that MTO is setting the pricing out there. I think demand is setting the pricing. MTO may be a factor in some commodity grades of ethylene, polyethylene in China but for most of the marketplace, I think you've also got a very, very competitive U.S. Gulf Coast situation that's helped setting that price.
James R. Fitterling: Duffy, we had in-flight programs that we started last year. Some of them were related to making sure that we had stranded costs out as we did the chlorine divestiture so some of that is rolling through. And we've essentially got those stranded costs out from the chlorine deal. Additionally, we have some other activities that are going on from productivity that also hit in things like cost of goods sold. So you'll see that show up in the EBITDA margins, things that we're doing on efficiencies there, both in manufacturing, supply chain, some IT cost improvements. A couple years ago, we finished the implementation of a new IT infrastructure and we're starting to see some productivity come out of that. And then each of the businesses has individual targets and each of the functions have individual targets which will keep rolling out. We have a $300 million target for in-flight savings for 2016 and we banked $90 million of it in the first quarter. So we're on track to deliver that target and more.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. Vince, this is Jim. We had really a strong first quarter, obviously strong volume sales and also good inventory performance. I would say right now inventories in most of these chains are very balanced. I'll use Plastics as an example where I can give you some specific data. We had 37 days, the industry had 37 days of inventory in North America going into the big turnaround season here. And that is really a tight inventory position. And we obviously are at that level, slightly below that as we head in. And operating rates have been very high. So I don't think in any of these businesses you're going to see the units in inventory be very high. You have some working capital impacts from the changes on accounts receivable and payable because of what's happened with the revenue line. But on a units basis, things remain balanced and relatively low for this time in the year. We have turnarounds coming up in Q2. But we're going to be coming out of those with tight inventories and the ability to still run hard.
James R. Fitterling: Thanks, Jeff. I'll talk about our performance and then we'll talk about the peers next. First on Plastics, I think one of the things that is not evident just at the high level on the numbers is we had about a $100 million headwind from Latin America. And it was a combination of currencies and obviously the changes that happened in Argentina as they removed duties and opened up. So people won't see that in terms of the high level numbers. In Europe we saw strong business in Europe just as you mentioned and I don't think our view there is any different than our peers. When you look at Performance Materials & Chemicals, I'd say that delta is 50/50. And if you look at polyurethanes in Performance Materials & Chemicals, they're carrying the burden this year of the higher start-up cost of Sadara. So you have to, on a run-rate basis, you have to think about where they will be next year. And they've also got some commodity price pressures in some parts of the chain, mostly in isocyanates right now. And then in Industrial Solution, Howard mentioned that we actually, with the stepdown on MEGlobal and also the slower MEG prices, that hits Industrial Solutions earnings. So if you look about at Industrial Solutions, how they did year-over-year, that's carrying that stepdown in MEGlobal and MEG prices. And also a de-icing season that was 50% lighter than it was last year, and the weight of oil and gas sector. Some of the EO derivatives go into the oil and gas sector and they're carrying that. So I think that explains really most of our own performance. On peer comparisons you have to adjust for one times and portfolio differences, so divestiture sales and then the portfolio difference. Some of our peers are heavy into polypropylene and, of course, we don't play in that space. When you take those things out and put it on an apples-to-apples basis I think you'll see that it's a slight beat there.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. The other thing I would say, Frank, Andrew mentioned China. We had probably 70% of our businesses where we were double-digit growth in volume in China this quarter. Packaging, polyurethanes, Industrial Solution, elastomers, electrical and telecom, auto coatings, Building & Construction all right down the line. And it's all strong consumer-driven demand. You've got an economy that's changing there and we play in all of those spaces. The second thing I would say is around the world, Auto has continued to be strong. And in all these portfolios, you've got an increasing number of new products that are driving innovation. You see that show up in the EBITDA margin line. So it's not just volume of old, existing products. It's volume of brand new products and innovation advantaged products, whether it's in Automotive with adhesives, some of the things we talked about in Building & Construction, new olefin block copolymers and elastomers into Asia which was just a blockbuster quarter for them in Asia-Pacific. You've got a lot of strength. It's not just one particular thing.
James R. Fitterling: Well that's a good question, John. I think right now in the short term with some of the unplanned events that are happening you're seeing some of it go into EDC and BCM so you're probably seeing a little higher run rates in those industries. The volume is still good on EG. There's not a lot of EG in the Gulf but the volume is still good there. The other thing is you're seeing exports move up out of the U.S. because of the cost competitiveness. The U.S. is exporting more polyethylene so you're seeing more of that product move.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. I'd say, Peter, in our model obviously the biggest hedge that we have in here is a physical hedge. And so we manage that very, very actively and take advantage of the seasonality that's out there in the marketplace. And we can do that because of our storage and we can do that because of the access that we have to the market. Nobody's got the flexibility or the kind of access we have to all the NGLs, naphtha oil. So that helps us a lot. But as far as speculation, it's to Howard's point as well, we're very careful about how we manage that.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. So right now the commissioning is going well and we're underway with the mixed-feed cracker. The key point will be when that mixed-feed cracker starts up. So once we get the mixed-feed cracker running and we can communicate to you that it's up and running, we've got those two polyethylene plants proven. At that point, you should start to see some of that show up into the Performance Plastics business. Obviously, the start-up costs on Performance Materials and Chemicals, primarily in the polyurethanes business, are going to continue through the year because those units don't start up until later in the year. So it's kind of a mixed bag there. And I would expect you won't see most of it until probably second half.
James R. Fitterling: Well there's demand – thanks, P.J. There's demand obviously for natural gas. And as that natural gas demand increases and you start to see frac spreads come back, so your point on exports, you're starting to see some improvements in the frac spreads. As you start to see those come back, although we think they're going remain subdued. Maybe frac spreads will be $1, $1.50 a million BTU. That's enough incentive for people to take more out of the gas and you're going start to see some NGLs become more available there. And then the other factor is oil price. And our view is oil is going to $50 to $60. Currently that's obviously, I think the way the market, financial market is headed, but and they're usually ahead of when the supply demand balances. And our view is the back half of this year that supply demand is going to balance. Q1 output in the U.S. was down 200,000 barrels a day quarter-over-quarter. I think the back half you're going to see that tighten up a little bit more and then into 2017. So those two factors I think, from our view, are going to continue to drive the availability of those NGLs.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. In general, on polyethylene capacity and supply demand, one of the things you have to bear in mind with these numbers is there's a wide range of interpretation on them. In these assets you make a mix of products and they can swing those operating rates 2% or 3% pretty easily. So a flat line like you see there in 2016, 2017, 2018 at any given point in time could be moving up. Our point is that you don't see any big dip downward in polyethylene operating rates coming in front of us. And even we, right now, have been running well above those operating rates for a considerable period of time to generate the kind of volume growth that we've been generating. I could, in fact, use two new trains coming up in Sadara to feed the commercial organization because they're screaming for more product.
James R. Fitterling: Well, I think in general in the industry, we've seen some improvements in naphtha ethylene spreads which has been positive both for Europe as well as for Asia-Pacific and so those have held up. Obviously, Europe over the last several years has moved into a little bit of a different position, a little bit more balanced. You haven't seen much new cracker capacity come back. You've seen a little bit come back to support Shell. Obviously, Porto Marghera came back up to support Shell. The other thing is the shift towards LPG cracking on our side. We've shifted to a very high percent of LPG cracking and we continue to look at opportunities to make small incremental investments to expand that. And that flexibility has helped us out tremendously. So I don't see that's going to stop. So I think Europe has got a pretty good handle, the Dow in particular, but in general in the industry has got a pretty good handle on how it's adjusting itself to a changing world.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. Good morning, Steve. I mean, look, if you look at the Ag results for Dow AgroSciences this quarter, I'm really proud of Tim Hassinger and the whole team. On a down 10% top line, they were able to keep EBITDA flat. Actually if you exclude the divestitures, it was actually up a couple of percentage points. So they did just a tremendous job and the focus and the execution was evident. It was really around productivity. If you remember, we were one of the first in the Ag space to really declare that the Ag market was starting to slow down. And so they got ahead of it with footprint rationalizations and lower SG&A and lower R&D in a focused way. So that was one of the big differentiators in results this quarter. On your last question relative to Dow-DuPont, look, I mean, as you heard from Jim in the prepared remarks, we're on track with the closing before the end of the year. So we really have to get to 2017 before we can have those kinds of discussions. But the teams are actively working on synergies to make sure that we continue to get the cost efficiencies across all three of the intended spins.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah, John. Good morning. No. To be clear, the operating tax rate guidance we expect in the second quarter and really through the balance of the year, the operating rate should be in the 23% to 27% range. I just wanted to highlight, because we do expect to close the Dow Corning transaction in the second quarter and assuming that happens, the reported rate is going be likely in the 7% to 12% range driven by the balance sheet gain that we'll get on the step, just on the purchase accounting side of the equation. I just wanted to flag that so you weren't surprised.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. Well, what I would say is, I mean, look, we're still – as I said in the opening comments, I mean, currency is still a net headwind for us although it's been a declining headwind. So in the quarter we had about a $0.04 EPS headwind on currency, about $60 million in EBITDA. In terms of our treasury group, I mean, Peter, you know they do an exceptional job. We do not speculate on currency. We do hedge our economic exposure and that work has been going on and will continue to go on.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. And not much to add. I mean, we gave the down $50 million to $100 million headwind year-on-year for the second quarter if you look at it versus same quarter a year ago. And clearly the tailwind, it will come in Plastics in the back half of the year to Jim's point. But PMC is going to be a headwind for us all year. They're in the big part of the build from a unit op standpoint in Performance Materials and Chemicals.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. I mean I would say, look, first you got to look at Ag as a first half. So first quarter, second quarter and so that's where I said in the prepared comments that on balance, it's going be essentially flat ex-M&A, first half versus first half a year ago. I will say, and I'd hesitate to call the bottom but you certainly see crop prices have moved up. We are moving from an El Nino weather pattern to a potential La Nina weather pattern and that could be helpful into 2017. I would say in Latin America, there is a greater optimism today. We see upside in the second half in Latin America. If inflation doesn't ramp up further, things should improve gradually.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. The – thanks. Good morning. So Dow Corning in the first quarter, the Silicones business had 8% volume growth versus same quarter a year ago. I would expect that to moderate a little bit, but certainly it historically has been around one to two times GEP (52:57) so if you want to take 1.5 times global GEP (53:00) that's probably a good proxy from a modeling guidance standpoint.
Howard I. Ungerleider: You know, I don't know what kind of guidance to give you on Q2, but on pricing, we saw pricing take hold in April and we see it continuing through. We see demand continuing to be strong. Obviously, all the downstream markets' demand is good. You're into a turnaround season where you have twice as much capacity offline this year as you did last year and you had fairly high operating rates for the industry. So I think all that bodes well going into Q2. Hard for me to give you an exact number on what the upside would be but you've got good underlying demand.
