James R. Fitterling: Thanks, Howard. Moving to Consumer Solutions on slide 8, the segment delivered record first quarter EBITDA of $500 million and its seventh consecutive quarter of growth led by Dow Automotive, Electronic Materials and the contribution from silicone. Dow Automotive achieved an all-time quarterly EBITDA record driven by its 16th consecutive quarter of volume gain, as the business's growth continues to outpace the automotive end market. Consumer Solutions – Silicones delivered strong results led by volume gains in Asia Pacific, particularly in the automotive end market. Electronic Materials delivered its seventh consecutive quarter of EBITDA growth on continued above-market volume gain driven by new business wins and share gain. Infrastructure Solutions on slide nine achieved record quarterly EBITDA of $511 million driven by volume growth, the contribution from silicone and the benefit from on-purpose propylene production. Building & Construction delivered volume growth on strong demand, particularly for commercial application. The silicones business reported volume growth on robust demand for pressure-sensitive adhesives, label-stock release liners and Building & Construction application. Silicones also benefited from the significant cost synergy savings, and our Performance Monomers business benefited from tighter industry fundamentals and reduced turnaround spending. Performance Materials & Chemicals on Slide 10 delivered a year-over-year EBITDA increase of $100 million. Equity earnings and volume gains in all geographic areas and all businesses more than offset margin compression in some of the products. Polyurethanes achieved double-digit growth on continued robust demand for systems application, particularly in building insulation and household appliances as well as tight market conditions in isocyanate. Industrial Solutions grew volume in high-value applications for textiles, lubricants and electronics, with double-digit volume growth in Asia Pacific. The business also reported higher equity earnings. On Slide 11, Performance Plastic's EBITDA was flat year-over-year as volume growth and price gains offset increased feedstock cost, and we absorbed more than $100 million of headwinds in the quarter. These headwinds were evenly split between planned maintenance and turnaround spending and U.S. Gulf Coast commissioning cost. Packaging and Specialty Plastics achieved record first quarter sales volume and its 11th consecutive quarter of sales volume growth. The business expanded variable margin as polyethylene supply-demand fundamentals remained tight, and chain inventory continued at low levels. Elastomers also reported record first quarter sales volume and its ninth consecutive quarter of sales volume growth, led by strong demand in transportation, packaging and high-performance athletic footwear applications. I'll now turn it back to Howard for an update on the silicones integration.
James R. Fitterling: Good morning, David. Look, the ethylene cycle continues to look attractive to us even in the slower growth environment. And our view on oil, obviously is in kind of a low-to-mid oil pricing environment. Operating rates are still hanging in there at 90%, even with new capacities coming online. And that's with the look that monomers are going to come on probably ahead of the polymer capacity. So I think our view is continued strength in the ethylene cycle and continued strength in the polymer market.
James R. Fitterling: Morning, Vince. On the U.S. Gulf Coast, we're about 50% through the commissioning phase of the Texas 9 cracker right now. So we're targeting mid-year to have ethylene. We have two plastics plants that will come up at the same time as that plant. We have a high pressure, low density plant for kind of a next-generation low density product to bring to the market, similar to the fourth plant that Andrew mentioned in Sadara that started up just this week. And we also have another plastics plant that's coming on for our Elite branded Performance Plastics technologies, which go into high performance food packaging, specialty packaging, and our hygiene and medical applications. So both of those will come on mid-year. And then we move with the next phase of (24:47) in the first part of 2018. We'll have two more plastics plant in the first part of 2018 as well as a de-bottleneck on some gas phase assets, which we'll be making bimodal pipe products for high pressure pipe application.
James R. Fitterling: The only thing I would add, Hassan, is we've got a broad range of incremental projects that Andrew spoke of that we'll be looking at here. And additionally, as soon as we can close on the Dow-DuPont deal, we'll want to bring them into that discussion and understand how we can bolt-on some growth capacity for DuPont Performance Materials that we'll need be going into the merged company condition.
James R. Fitterling: Sure, Frank, happy to. The underlying business was very strong. The volume was up 5%. The price was up 15%. At the same time, remember that feedstocks year-over-year were up about 40%. So the underlying business performance was closer to a $1.1 billion EBITDA number, before you take those headwinds of the greater than $100 million that we had for commissioning and start-up costs. And on turnaround and maintenance costs, we had the Terneuzen cracker down. It's the first turnaround we've had in Terneuzen for tenure. So obviously that's a sizeable turnaround, and we started that in the first quarter. And then commissioning and startup for Gulf – the Texas 9 cracker, as I mentioned right now, we're about halfway through that. That will complete in the second quarter. So you're going to see some commissioning and start-up costs in the second quarter as well. With that increase in feedstocks cost though and as I talked about the underlying earnings, plastics actually increased variable margins in the quarter. So their price and volume moves were very strong, and they did a good job in that space. They just had these one-time costs that hit them.
James R. Fitterling: On your question on value pricing, greater than 60% of the materials co. portfolio today is consumer driven, and I would already consider in a value pricing type of an environment. When you bring in DuPont Performance Materials and you look at a pro forma of materials co., it's going to be north of $50 billion of revenue. And I would venture that DuPont Performance Materials is going to increase the amount of value pricing as a percent of the consumer-driven applications. So our intent is to continue to go downstream in innovation. As Andrew talked about, we're still investing in R&D. We've got a robust pipeline of new products coming out, automotive, transportation, energy-efficient building products and our food and specialty packaging products, high-pressure pipe. These are all areas that are value-added markets for us, and some of the highest returns that we have in the company.
James R. Fitterling: I would agree with Howard. And I think given the nature of what we've got in front of us, the next three or so years being incremental projects, albeit some of them pretty good sized increments, we can do it within those numbers.
James R. Fitterling: The only thing I would add, Howard, is that we had pricing momentum through the first quarter. So we ended March at better pricing than we had through the first quarter, so we take that into second quarter. And, as you know, some of these products as you have a pretty sizable step-up in input costs, they don't get passed through within a month. Some of them take a couple of months to pass through, so you'll see some of that come through in second quarter.
James R. Fitterling: The activity in sales, technical service and applications development exist in every region that we do business. So the labs are local. Customers can come into those labs and work together with us, and we can customize solutions for them. And also we target markets where we can achieve value for the return on business rather than just filling up assets with commodity products. The combination of those two things allows us to achieve higher returns on the polyethylene margins than our competitors. And, obviously, we're not an oil company or we're not a natural gas company. So we don't have that advantage. But we try to cover that with our feedstock flexibility on the integration end. But far and away, the vast majority of our investment is in downstream innovation, more application development and more solutions for these customers. The great example is automotive. We've already launched products in automotive that have chemistries from both Dow Corning and our Dow Automotive business. LIQUIDARMOR that Howard mentioned, silicones and acrylates, combinatorial chemistries to get us new Building & Construction products, already in packaging where Dow Corning had a big presence you already see that happen. When we bring DuPont Performance Materials into this, it's going to be huge.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. Morning, Aleksey. I would say they've experienced a real spike in a couple of key raw materials. Propylene spiked pretty heavily in the first quarter. And then in Building and Construction where the Styrofoam brand installation is one of the big products, they saw a huge spike in styrene monomer, which hit them for polystyrene raw materials. They got prices moving through, but they didn't get enough through in the first quarter to cover all that. I think you'll see some of that improve as we go into the second quarter. I think that's the biggest issue there. The demand is strong. So I don't think there is any issue in terms of demand weakness.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. So you're right. Chain margins are low. And in fact, if you went back to last year's charts on this, almost 75% of the data points on last year's charts were at the bottom end of that five-year range. So we continue in that space. There hasn't been much new polymer capacity added. There's been more new monomer capacity than polymer capacity. So these things get disconnected from time to time. Plus I think where you've got the new capacity coming on you're seeing some mix shift around the world. So you've got new capacity coming on in Northeast Asia and in Middle East. And you're bringing product back into the U.S. Gulf Coast. So you're seeing some movement in the regional prices. But we still see strong price momentum heading into Q2. We have North America looking like it's up $0.03, Latin America, similar, and Europe up about €30 a ton. So we're looking as we go into the quarter for continued price movement end of the quarter. Volumes are very strong.
James R. Fitterling: Well, I would say in Consumer Solutions, probably, the biggest pass-through items are going to be when you get into areas where you have the propylene chain impacted. So you saw propylene prices, in some cases, spike pretty substantially in the quarter. And some of the pricing there is indexed to pricing, so it trails the increase in propylene prices. I think you've also got one bit of margin compression in there on a year-over-year basis. We had a unit in Europe called SAFECHEM that we had sold, so that comes out of Consumer Solutions. We also saw – in the silicones segment, we also saw strong volumes and good pricing movements in the quarter, so I think we're going to see that as we move into second quarter.
James R. Fitterling: I'd say two things, P.J. On Europe, on the question specifically on Europe, I think the propane naphtha spreads have changed a lot through the quarter on Europe. And so at one point in the quarter in Europe, naphtha prices were fairly high. We crack a lot more LPGs over in Europe than we have historically. But as you know, we had Terneuzen down for turnaround. So it's a little bit hard to take all that back to the feedstock fundamentals. Once we get Europe – Terneuzen back up and running, I think, we'll see that. But on the issue of propane in the near term, I think that has pushed propane prices up. So relative to last year, the propane costs are a little bit higher even on that LPG spread. So I think you see a little bit of compression there on the ethylene side on Europe. And on the U.S, we had at different points in time naphtha, propane, butane and ethane. We've alternated between all four of them being the most favored crack in the U.S. Gulf Coast, which speaks to why we have feedstock flexibility, so we can move around with that. Right now, we're back to ethane being favored.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah. Thanks, Kevin. The volume trends are very strong. If you look in polyurethanes, the systems volumes and the MDI volumes are both double-digit growth. And as you mentioned in North America we're going to be a little bit limited on MDI and PO, because we have a planned turnaround there. But the pricing momentum has been strong in those spots. And even when we come back, realize that we're not a merchant MDI seller. We're selling into the systems market and into formulated end product. So compared to some of our competitors who are big merchants, MDI sellers, we may look a little bit different there. The other thing I'd say, besides the volume and price moves, our equity earnings improved in this segment. And also, we're capturing some of the margins from on-purpose propylene. So at points in time in the first quarter, the spreads on propane propylene were as much as $0.30 a pound and we ran the unit at greater than 95% of capacity in the first quarter. So that helped too.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Thanks, Jim. Turning to Slide 13, I want to thank the Dow Corning and the Dow teams for their efforts to drive a seamless integration. It continues to exceed our expectations, and as you clearly see, based on the result, we have accelerated the cost-synergy realization. In fact, we hit our $400 million run-rate target in the quarter and saw approximately $100 million of realized savings drop to the bottom-line. And we delivered this more than a year earlier than planned, which reflects Dow's strong project management skills and bodes well for the implementation phase of the Dow-DuPont merger. With the cost synergies achieved, our mindset increasingly focuses on growth. Here, too, we're ahead of plan and are seeing early commercial wins and robust volume growth, and this is just the beginning. Turning to slide 14, you'll recall that our stated goal is at least $100 million in growth synergies by the end of year three from the close of the silicones transaction. In 2016, we rapidly defined our growth synergy playbook. As part of that process, we identified and are now tracking more than 400 distinct growth opportunities. We have a clear line of sight to attaining our target, and our execution plans are well underway. We see the growth synergy initiatives delivering at least $400 million of additional revenue, with more than 70% of that aligned to our core end markets. And, in fact, we've already secured some early wins in Automotive, Building and Construction as well as Home and Personal Care. One example is LIQUIDARMOR LT. The Dow Building and Construction team recently launched this flashing and sealant for the commercial building market. This new to the world product takes advantage of silicones' low-temperature flexibility and can be applied in weather as cold as negative 20 degrees Fahrenheit, meaning year-round. We've also achieved synergy wins in automotive brake fluid applications, feeding solutions, as well as into multiple home and personal care applications with brand owners around the world. You can expect our teams to continue to show the same disciplined mindset on growth that rapidly delivered the cost synergies well ahead of schedule. With that, I'll turn the call back to Andrew.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Sure, Andrew. Good morning, Laurence. So I mean, look, we've – last year, we peaked at CapEx at $3.8 billion. Just a friendly reminder, that was $100 million less than we had committed to externally. So it was a $3.9 million target, and we spent $3.8 million. This year, we're on trajectory to spend $3.4 billion. And our DNA, as the projects that we've talked about that Andrew and Jim both talked about on the call, as those roll off, our DNA will increase. So you can expect that we can deliver those kinds of EBITDA growth in line with spending at roughly DNA in the $3 billion to 3.4 billion range from a CapEx standpoint.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yes, sure. I mean, thanks for highlighting slide 26. I think that's an important slide when you look at the moving parts. I think you've characterized it right. I mean, the underlying volume growth and pricing growth is there, and that should continue. Dow Corning on the silicone's integration that continues. I mean, if you look at the silicones business, since we've owned it, it's grown volumes 6%. So you pick your GDP number, that's roughly 2x global GDP, I would say, at this point. When you look at the second quarter, you definitely are going to have headwinds on both finishing the commissioning of the U.S. Gulf Coast, the Texas-9 cracker and also the Terneuzen cracker that will go through the second quarter. It started in March, but there will be a big chunk of downtime in the second quarter. So that's why we're showing you the headwinds that are non-operating between the planned turnaround and the commissioning costs for Q2.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yes, thanks, Duffy, for the question. If you go to Slide 26, we tried to give you little bit of modeling guidance, because you're right, because we do – we have responsibility to market the Sadara product everywhere outside of what we call the Middle East Zone, which is the countries around Saudi Arabia, including Saudi Arabia where Sadara will market for themselves. In the first quarter, about 20 basis points of our EBITDA margin dropped. So we had a 61 basis point margin drop year-on-year. 20 basis points of that was due to just the Sadara revenue ramping, because we essentially make a distributor-type or an agency-type commission on those sales. We preserve the profit. We get the 35% of Sadara's profit flowing to our equity earnings. So there is a little bit of disconnect between the two. At this point, I would say for the full year, you should expect about $1.5 billion of revenue coming into Dow's revenue from Sadara. And for the second quarter, we're calling between a 25 basis point and a 50 basis point margin compression on the Dow total bottom-line. Your question around working capital, it should balance itself out. Obviously, we've got to fill the pipeline, so there's a little bit of a build here in the first 90 days or 120 days of each asset coming up. But once they line out, it should be neutral on a Dow working capital basis.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, thank you, Jeff. That's about as direct a question I've had on the topic. Look, clearly, we – we the Board, the Board of the company decides what happens here. And with the delayed close, there has been an awful lot of dialogue. We're not ready to say anything yet, but we will have something to say very shortly. So if you beg our indulgence, that's a pretty important question you just asked. And nothing to do with my importance, everything to do with where we are in closing the merger. So we are talking at the Board level, and we'll have something to say very soon.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah. Look, thank you, Emily. We aren't ready to give you the details and the high-level breakdown that was reaffirmed by DuPont the other day, which is the Materials piece will go from $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion. The Ag, which saw the biggest hit from the remedy – the conditional remedy out of the European Union, we also know there is obviously some more to come there with China and Brazil. So Ag has lifted its number even with those remedies to $1 billion, and then spec co. to $0.4 billion. So that adds up to $3 billion. We knew going in that there is a lot more there than what we announced. We said $3 billion was the floor. Now that we've had a lot of remedy action, we are still confident we can speak to the $3 billion. When we get to close, we'll look under the tent. There is a few things that we're hopeful we'll find, especially in the procurement area and leverage cost. So that's work that Jim and Howard and others will be doing with their DuPont counterparts. But we can reaffirm the $3 billion, which is, I think, the most important thing we will say on that question.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah. Howard, you haven't had a chance to speak. So why don't we get you to there? And maybe, Jim, you can back up.
Andrew N. Liveris: No. Certainly, thank you for the statement. That was one of our goals, but we were in triple-digit numbers of JVs when we started this five, seven years ago. We're down now to double digits, but that's still a lot of double digits. We have a long tail. So Jim and Howard have been leading an effort and especially the financial group to get us out of the smaller ones. The big ones – there is still some work to be done there, and so we're – we won't say which ones, but we definitely are not stopped to answer your question.
Andrew N. Liveris: And on the China thing, just my direct exposure to the Chinese administration suggests their connectivity to emissions and emissions control is strong. So even though they have got the CTO/MTO capacity P.J., they're slowing it down quite a lot. And most of the stuff that's out up is really commodity low-value polyethylene. So it doesn't really impact much of the supply-demand balances. So I do believe that they're very serious about emissions. And that is part of the reason we're growing in China. We have a lot of good product to supply markets that control emissions like energy efficiency building materials. So all of that to tell you that we're not as concerned about the rate of that.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. I do want to go back to the questions, I hit at it, but I just want to wrap it all together. Slide 22 does the best job of wrapping it all together. The way you should be thinking about our year going forward is the 18 quarters in a row, we've got merge co running in front of us, so delivering the cost synergies, point number four on that slide, is job 1, 2 and 3, I mentioned that. Also getting everything ready for spin, including a comprehensive portfolio review as soon as practical so that we can really look at what markets align to what parts of the portfolio. We haven't had good views to that because we haven't been able to get together. And so we're very committed to working on that together so we can get the right shareholder story for the right time to deliver the right results. And then going forward, through the merge into the spin, the question on what's in the out years here, when the out years is only 2 or 3 years away in terms of CapEx and OpEx and all the things that we want to keep investing in. Incrementalizing our big, big investments of these last many years, the point number one, we're going to be delivering very strong cash flows from these incredible investments that we've been putting in place these last 5 years. We've delivered earnings growth. We've delivered strong cash flow increases. We've delivered shareholder remuneration, and we have right in front of us, tailwinds from those investments. So we're going to bring CapEx down to depreciation. We're going to invest in our downstreams where it makes sense. We're going to do that incrementally, and we're going to deliver the shareholder returns that we've been promising and have delivered, in fact, in these last many years. So that slide says a lot, and I want you to focus in on the commitments we are making and the financial underpinning of what that implies.
