James Fitterling: I would say in plastics obviously the higher end of the market for food packaging, what we’re doing in polyurethanes was structures going into automotive and appliances has been big. Electronic materials, we’ve seen a shift to more production into China, so that benefited us as well. And we continue to focus on all of our value added products moving into the market. So double-digit growth in China and even though automotive is a little bit slower in China, we are still very, very strong in automotive. Our elastomers business as well as our automotive bonding business has been quite exceptional.
James Fitterling: Jeff that cracker is on schedule to start up in the second quarter of 2017 and when you take a look at the progress that we’ve made vis-à-vis the other competitors or we call it the first wave of production, it’s right on time.
James Fitterling: Yes, Hassan what I would say, we have said since the beginning of this and our long-term experience in the ethylene business is this, half of what’s announced is in play and half of that might come on, on the timeframe that was committed to. So when you look at what’s in the first wave today, the things that we know, we know that Braskem [ph] has started up experiencing a few problems but have started up. You’ve got three big players ourselves, CPChem and Exxon that are coming in a small cracker with OxyChem. That is our view as of the first wave of capacity that’s coming on. That is quite a bit I had of anybody else and those were the first ones out of the ground and are going to continue to be the ones you see in the first wave. When the second wave comes is anybody’s guess at this point. Some people are saying 2018, I think it might even slide into 2019 or 2020 and given the financial conditions there and given things are going on with construction labor, I think that would be a realistic expectation. I don’t expect a tidal wave of new capacity coming on. We’re well positioned as a first mover in this and in fact I think we’re going to be up before the rest.
James Fitterling: Yes, I’d say Arun, the team has been very, very focused and aligned in all of the businesses and I think you are starting to see that come through in the consecutive quarters of results. If I went through every one of these segments, the teams knows what markets we're going after. They are well armed with new innovative products from our pipeline that are helping them to pick up market share and so it’s not just moving products with the commodity part of the cycle. They are very targeted on which geographies we want to grow in. If we had started the quarter we would have thought may be fourth quarter would have been more dominated by emerging markets and more by developed market instead of emerging markets and what we’ve saw - was we saw a strong performance in both. And so, I think what you’re seeing here is the culmination of just a lot of intense focus since about the middle of 2012 around our top line growth and when you think top line growth for us you should really focus on the volume right now because what’s happened with the oil prices is the thing that shows through in revenue, oil price and currency. What do you see on volume is sustainable.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes David, good morning. I mean, you know we don’t give earnings guidance. What we try to do with the modeling guidance is talk you through some of the moving parts. I mean we certainly have the potential to grow our EBITDA, when you look at all the tailwinds whether it’s the volume growth that we expect to continue, whether it’s the productivity self-help which is another $300 million on top of the $345 million that we delivered. Lower pension expense between $200 million and $300 million, but I would just caution you to look at all the headwinds as well. We’ve got some headwinds, but clearly PDH is well coming on as a tailwind and Sadara will be a tailwind in Performance Plastics, but it will be a headwind in Performance Materials and Chemicals through the year as both units in PMC continue to get closer to startup in 2016.
Howard Ungerleider: No, I don’t really have anything new there. I mean we’re continuing to try to work with the Chinese Authorities and the Ministry of Agriculture. We are giving them as much technical information as they’re asking for and we’re very confident in the chemistry and the efficacy for the farming value chain.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes Don, good morning. So the first question on the operating, underlying operating earnings, so look on average the Ag or Ag business Dow Agro sciences sells between 3 and 5 molecules a year on the crop protection side of the house. This is in line with the strategic intent where if we see products that are on the tail end of their lifecycle we can add significant value from our science and technology platform. So we did sell a couple of molecules in the fourth quarter. They were in the range of $50 million to $75 million of EBITDA contribution, so you need to back that out of the segment, but otherwise that was real productivity that really drove that. You remember we were one of the first if not the first Ag player to do a restructuring and that was part of our announcement earlier in 2015. To your question of whether we can grow EBITDA in 2016 that’s going to be a very tough slog on an operating basis even with productivity considering that, high channel inventories, low crop prices and just lower overall demand. Remember we’re forecasting when we see the market to decline between 3% and 5%. So it’s going to be tough. Our focus is to continue to deliver the innovations, they'll continued to deliver the growth on the crop protection side and the new products on the seed side and continue to drive productivity to outpace the competition and that’s our focus.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, hey Brian. Good morning. So I mean, I mentioned earlier I think in the Q&A that when you look at 2016 specifically on the Performance Plastics side, you’re looking at 50 plus or minus million dollar tailwind because those assets have already started. So we got first product out in December. The mixed feed cracker is going to be coming up and another couple of polyethylene units throughout 2016. But in PMC, performance materials and chemicals, you’re looking at about $100 million, $200 million headwind because they’re in the really steep part of the S-curve as their assets are being built and finalized in 2016, we’ve got some capacity for PMC not coming on until really the back half of the year. We still have a view that our long-term average is $500 million split between equity earnings and the commission structure that we’re going to get as we are marketing the product for Sadara outside of the Middle East zone. That is a long-term average and that is after the whole complex has started up. So that would start to hit those numbers in the post 2018, 2019 timeframe. We still feel really good about the project overall.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, PJ just to give you some specific data, at the enterprise level local price versus the same quarter last year was down 14%. If you look at that on an EBITDA or an EPS impact it was between, well it was $0.11 roughly on the EPS line and just north of $160 million on the EBITDA line versus same quarter last year in terms of impact on currency.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, just the back end of that, look there is no question China has been very much after GMO technology for a long time, Vincent and it’s not surprising that ChemChina is interested in Syngenta. That is a long held rumor and if indeed the announcement this morning that they are close, there is no shocker there. I don’t think it’s a correlation, but go ahead Howard on the investor group [ph].
Andrew Liveris: Hi Steve thanks for the question. I don’t think there was any massive destocking that happened in the quarter. We saw strong demand through the quarter and we saw a strong December. We moved product in almost every region of the country. I'd say a little bit soft maybe in Latin America for the fourth quarter and we see January is starting at a solid pace. So I don’t think it’s a destocking. On our own particular situation we ended up with record low inventories at the end of the year, but last December was also a strong December.
Andrew Liveris: Well let’s start with the market side of that question and then we’ll get to our own Peter. Look I think every industrial company, every company out there up is not giving any sort of firmness on any of these years in front of us, that’s not new news. I think 2016, 2017 even with an election year here in front of us in the United States the macros are very difficult to predict. What we are seeing though is very strong trend lines which we said in our call, which I think gives us strong views towards our ability to grow earnings, is this notion that the consumer is active in the United States and the consumer is becoming increasingly active in China and then actually this is the beginnings of good spending in Europe. We do believe low energy price, low oil prices are seeping into the economy and that’s creating a stimulus that actually is of the right kind and I think if that stimulus continues to be what it is short of major tectonic events geopolitically, I think the confidence in the real economy will emerge continually from the consumer. And frankly that is what we’re seeing in our results, we're seeing it in our product mix which we've been working hard to position to be B2B to C and I think when Jim talked about packaging and plastics and I could say the same about anything, elastomers, our water business, our automotive business. We’re seeing strong demand in construction chemicals in Western Europe. I think it takes away this notion of back loading. It takes this notion of 13 quarters in a row continuing that trend and that then speaks to the other side of it. Most of our scenario plan this – does these days, we don’t actually say this is the condition. It's going to be 2.5% GDP and then got from there, none of us do that. We bracket it and then we pivot self-help appropriately and if we have to go down further in cost based on productivity actions because markets don’t manifest themselves, we take out more costs and having an IT platform that is leveraged, we can do that pretty quick. We can move the cost structure with demand and price volume managed and that’s what you've seen from us. So look, I think we have confidence in our machine continuing to deliver and generate the stats.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, sure Aleksey good morning. Overall when you look at our equity earnings for Dow Corning in the quarter on a reported basis they are actually up year-on-year. If you strip out some of the certain items there was a one-time gain that they had in the fourth quarter of last year they didn’t recur and then there was some lumpiness in polycrystalline silicon side of the house. But the silicon’s platform has historically grown at 1.5 to 2 times GDP. They are in attractive, high growth markets that are clearly aligned with the markets that we have said we want to go narrower and deeper in, whether that’s construction, whether that’s automotive, whether that’s packaging, home and personal care or even electronics. And so, we're very excited about the silicone’s platform and the intent with the transaction on the poly silicon side is to have no economic change in ownership. That will remain a JV between Dow, Corning and Shin-Etsu.
Andrew Liveris: I think, - it’s a good question I think I you look at our Performance Plastics segment, you also have to bear in mind that we have capacities that are coming there on the elastomers business which is a high value, high margin business which has much more resilience in pricing and also a lot of targeted towards automotive and other consumer goods and high end manufacturing. When you look at plastics business per se, a very large part of it is predominately food and specialty packaging and that business has continued to grow strong around the world. Obviously, we have some plastics to go into the commodity segments and they continue to be strong as well. You’ll see a little bit of sales that are going into ethylene to the Olin deal, but that isn’t going to be material to the numbers that are in front of you. And the other thing you see on the revenue line is revenue looks down pretty dramatically, but when you peel back the byproduct sales of the crackers which are hydrocarbon and energy type of byproducts that have moved with oil more and on a one-to-one relationship, plastics has held up really well based on volume demand in the end markets and we think that that’s going to continue.
Andrew Liveris: Hi, Jim. Yes, so as I said we ended 2015 with record low inventories and very, very strong sales, record production out of our manufacturing assets and product continuing to shift to higher volumes. In 2016 most of the new capacity that’s talked about is scheduled to come on at the end of 2016 and our view is a lot of that’s going to slide may be into the next year. Also bear in mind that you have a big turnaround season in the Q2 here in the Gulf Coast which we think will have an impact and we have Sadara coming up in the first quarter. So I think net-net, we’re poised to take advantage of that situation and when the new capacity does come in, in the second half we think the market will be geared to absorb it at a 2.5% GDP rate supply and demand is imbalanced for 2016.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you for that great question. All I can say Chris is that the last several weeks of team discussions have just amplified and magnified the original pre-announcement of the merger work that was done by the teams. We had over 4000 man hours of combination work and the Ag teams, the two Ag teams were on fire in terms of complementarity. I mean the absolute hand in glove combination of what we have now seen Jim and Howard and I have done trip out to the [indiscernible] Johnson and seeing the Pioneer capability up close and personnel, it’s first class. It has incredible technology not just of course in traits delivery mechanisms but it is automated, it is technology rich, it’s got capabilities on the climatic side. And what the Dow Chemistry brings and the Dow traits bring, especially the combination of traits. So we can bring on herbicides and insecticides it is winning hand. As you know we are the next series of traits coming out in the marketplace. So everyone has always said that this is the greatest combination you could put in the sector and everything we’ve seen since the announcement and the work we’ve done has just doubled down and tripled down. We cannot be more excited and Indianapolis and there are signs we were down there and the people they were excited because the property has always been a property we talked about in terms of where its destination might be. It is no secret that Dow never saw itself as the natural owner long-term, but the combination waiting for it to come the way it did was a winning hand and so we will have a lot more to say. You know stemming our holes in the repertoire that we’ll have to address. But I can’t wait till the merger occurs and this company is set up for them to identify how they’re going to grow with this complementarity.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I think I said it in my opening script, I can't be proud of the Dow team, 2015 was the year that we pivoted to our future. We've demonstrated 13 quarters in a row 9 quarters of earnings beat. We had revenue beat in the quarter. It was an exclamation mark. That's the result Howard and Jim and I working hand in glove with our team. Our business leaders have put in place the enterprise of the future. Yet, if you look at the transformative deals that we put in place for that future, whether it be the Kuwait pivot, whether it be the Chlorine close, whether it be the AgroFresh sale, whether it be of course the Dow Corning restructuring and ultimately the Dow-DuPont merger that created history, great companies, you can't put a quarter like that together or a year like that together unless you have a gun team aligned to shareholder value focused on margins, focused on cost, focused on productivity and growing that top line based on quality share. I'm very proud of Jim and Howard working closely with me. Jim congratulations on your next step here. Howard and Jim and I are very committed to keep delivering for you as shareholders. Just keep watching this space. Our headlines will only be about performance and we can't wait till we get to the merger and then the three spins that we will create. Thank you, Neal.
