Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Karen. Good morning everyone and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Jerome Peribere, President and Chief Executive Officer of Dow Advanced Materials; and David Johnson, Director of Investor Relations. Around 6.30 this morning, April 28th, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet at Dow's Website, dow.com. We have prepared some slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. The slides are posted on our Website on the presentation’s page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our Website. Our earnings release as well as our recent SEC filings are available on the Internet at dow.com. The agenda for today's call is on slide three. Now, I would like to hand the call over to Andrew.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Andrew. That wraps up our prepared remarks. For your reference, a copy of these comments will be posted on Dow’s Website later today. Now, we will move to your questions. Before we do though, I would like to remind you that my comments on forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both our prepared remarks and anything that may come up during the Q&A. Karen, would you please explain the Q&A procedure.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks very much Bill. That ends the Q&A portion. Before we end the call, I would like to ask Andrew to just make a few closing comments.
Howard Ungerleider: All right. Thanks very much for joining us this morning, and we really appreciate your interest in the company. We look forward to speaking with you again soon. Thanks again.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you Bill. I would now like to spend a few minutes discussing the growth potential of the new Dow. This is clearly the central element of our strategy and our story. We have the right portfolio, the right geographic footprint and the right innovation pipeline and I want to emphasize, we have all of this today. So, I would like to share with you a new and actually more granular look at our innovation pipeline and update you on the growth synergies we are realizing in our portfolio. So, please turn to slide 19 where you will see we currently have more than 500 projects in our innovation playbook, and these are strategically aligned with our four mega trends. This impressive playbook is supported by our significant investment in research and development which should yield another $1.6 billion. This investment is aimed squarely at the intersection of society’s greatest needs and business opportunities. Our innovation pipeline represents $30 billion on a non-risk adjusted NPV basis. Consistent with our strategy and as you would expect, you see the pipeline is most robust in our performance segments. On slide 20, when you look at it from a stage day perspective, you can see that we have no shortage of new projects at the early stage of our pipeline, but equally exciting is how many are at advanced stage and near commercialization. We have a very rigorous process to ensure our programs deliver commercial success. On a risk-adjusted basis, these programs represent $12.5 billion of net present value and as you can see, the value is clearly tilted to implementation. On slide 21, I will give you a few examples of some of the innovation projects that are yielding results today. Firstly, we have successfully commercialized next-generation STYROFOAM Brand Insulation in North America, which provides customers the same great performance with a much improved and better than alternative products environmental profile. Our proprietary technology was the result of a multi-year effort led by one of our researchers who by the way was recognized as a co-recipient for his contributions with a 2007 Nobel Prize. The technology gives us a significant competitive advantage in the marketplace, which is reflected in our first quarter results. In our electronics business, we opened up a new display materials manufacturing facility late last year in Korea. This plant was fully operational in the first quarter, which was critical to meet increasing demand for display chemicals and OLED materials to very fast-growing areas of the industry. This new capacity came on at a good time, as Asian panel manufacturers are now running at full capacity. And in our polyurethanes business, we launched a new technology that delivers productivity gains for our key appliance customers, including energy savings and productivity efficiency while lowering their raw material consumption. We are gaining market share as a result, in fact Haier, one of the world’s largest appliance manufacturers recently recognized Dow with a Best Strategic Supplier Award, thanks in part to this technology. When you turn to slide 22 and look at acquisition-related growth synergies, we are capturing tangible value from a range of new market opportunities. Let me just give you a few examples. We have landed a new long-term multi-year agreement with a strategic customer, we gained new sales for acrylic monomers with an industry-leading adhesives producer. We developed new solutions in Latin America that enhanced oil and gas production. We generated new biocide cells for water treatment applications. We secured higher margin higher value PO derivatives businesses in the food sector through focused marketing. We invented new novel polyolefin disbursement base technology that has been adopted by leading global consumer products company. There are many more examples and most of these have enabled us to achieve the $530 million in revenue already on a run rate basis, which already surpasses our full year 2010 goal. These growth projects clearly illustrate how the acquisition of Rohm and Haas provided the perfect opportunity to renew our existing customer relationships, jumpstart innovation and build stronger partnerships. Our commercial activities have been re-energized not just in advanced materials, but across the entire enterprise. And this mindset is proliferating through every part of our company, enabling us to grow faster and more profitably. No way is this more evident than in Dow Advanced Materials division where an entrepreneurial spirit is striving. That’s one of the primary reasons we chose Jerome Peribere to run this division. As the former head of Dow AgroSciences, he led an organization that today is one of Dow’s most profitable growth-oriented businesses. This is a perfect time to ask him to talk about some of the key drivers of growth in his portfolio.
Andrew Liveris: Thanks very much, Jerome. I would like you to turn to slide 27, because I really would love to mention Dow Corning, which is another key growth driver for our electronics and specialty materials operating segment. Dow Corning has been growing its topline in a robust pace, 10% per year for the last 10 years. Now, you can understand why we are excited about the future of this joint venture, when you consider Dow Corning’s leading global silicone’s position and the tremendous growth of its polysilicone joint venture, Hemlock Semiconductor. Due in large part to strong fundamentals in the solar industry, Hemlock’s capacity will have expanded by more than 10 times by 2015. Dow Corning will also be a part of the Advanced Materials sector day in Philadelphia. So, that’s one more reason for you to attend. Please turn to slide 28 where I am going to now turn to our outlook. The global economy is showing signs of a meaningful recovery, including the most significant piece of new information is the robust improvement we have seen in North America and Europe. Two geographic areas that until now have lagged the recovery of the world economy. Our 27% sales growth in North America and 35% growth in Europe are compelling proof points that economic recovery is now underway in these areas. These numbers are even more impressive when you consider that volume gains comprised of full 11% of the growth in each region showing that demand is indeed returning. Broad-based strength in many sectors of North America such as electronics to automotive to furniture shows a sustainable upturn is emerging. Even housing starts have shown more positive signs in recent weeks, as new home sales surged to 27% in March, the highest gains in more than 40 years. Also new orders for durable US manufactured goods excluding transportation posted the largest gains in more than two years last month. Strength in all of these sectors illustrates that the consumer is finally returning. The story for emerging geographies is strong growth continuing at a robust pace. Volume growth of 27% versus one year ago, with China, Brazil, Eastern Europe and South East Asia and India leading the way. In fact, volume growth as we have already said in Greater China was an impressive 46%. This strong performance coupled with a recovering demand in North America and Europe is driving notable manufacturing momentum and bode particularly well for Dow. We recognized there are some continuing challenges, especially in the construction industry and unemployment and tight credit conditions continue to weigh on consumer sentiment. However, to date, these have been balanced by improving consumer and business spending. So, our outlook is one of the strengthening global economic environment with increasing signs of sustained growth. We saw the results of this growth in the first quarter through both volume growth and margin expansion, driven by our new portfolio and the benefits of our significant cost reduction efforts. And as we turn to our priorities in the coming quarter, we will continue to remain focused on delivering our commitments. This means maintaining operational and financial discipline, further strengthening our balance sheet, and investing for growth. Our actions to deliver our new portfolio with a lean cost structure and reinvigorated innovation engine coupled with our strong presence in emerging geographies lead are poised to deliver continued earnings momentum. This quarter was indeed a pivotal point and given the world of glimpse of our earnings power, and of the constant and consistent progress we are making in driving our strategic agenda forward. Quarter-after-quarter, we are displaying the new Dow, a Dow that delivers earnings growth for its shareholders. Stay tuned as we continue to demonstrate the power of this new company. I will now turn the call back to Howard.
Andrew Liveris: Clearly, as we referenced in the call, PJ, the performance of our polyethylene business is indeed impressive and there is a couple of reasons for that, not the least the one you raised, which is US natural gas and of course ethane has decoupled from naphthalene and oil and that arbitrage is now been open for a while and if you go into the next several years and you take the shale gas production that will come online in this country, then that in our view is a sustainable advantage for some years. The consequence of that is that US natural gas will start to stabilize, be less volatile as will indeed natural gas liquids. This will still not be competitive versus the Middle East. The Middle East has the lowest cost of natural gas in ethane, but when you throw on top of that, the notion that the Middle East is running out of natural gas liquid production and ethane in particular, it is mostly dry gas with the exception of Iran, then the US production base and the US asset base that is in market and it has flexibility of cracker feed stocks which ours does. Ours is the most flexible in the industry, then it has an advantage getting market and therefore has made the business and the assets more valuable for the foreseeable future. That value is being demonstrated in the results. Even though these are trough like conditions, the business is earning four to five times what is earned in the ’01 and ’02 trough, which is a spectacular statement, not the least of the reason being that we are relying less and less in exports, although of course export windows open and close based on this newfound arbitrage could be more sustainable. How are we communicating it? Well, we are pacing ourselves, because we have earned the right to do the right transaction at the right time, even though the strategy is exactly the way we wanted to be, to be a more predictable earnings growth company, the up and down of the cyclicality of that business is something that hurts that. The fact that this business is earning this much money has made the business more valuable and we are definitely taking our time in structuring the right deal. We have got that right. How this unfolds over the next many quarters, will be really driven by maximizing the value that you alluded to in your question. And ultimately the answer to your question is a resounding yes, that has been proved and increase the value of our franchise.
Andrew Liveris: Well, propylene as you well know, there are several ways to get there, refinery-based propylene clearly being one of the key ones in the United States, which usually makes the US propylene along. What of course is happened over these many years is that you go to a light of feedstock that propylene coming out of crackers reduces, and therefore potentially especially with declining refinery margins, propylene would go short, which it in fact has started to do. Now, as we look at the outlook for propylene, we see actually these supply demand balances improving, particularly in the third quarter, and one of the biggest reasons for that is the world’s largest propane dehydro unit in Texas will come online and produce on-purpose propylene. Propylene dehydro is prevalent is elsewhere around the world, notably in the Middle East, but for it to be prevalent here in the US decouples propylene and remember, we actually consume, we consume a lot of propylene, but we produce half of it. So, we produce half of the propylene we have consumed. We do believe that propylene will see some near term price drops. As a consequence of that, the propylene arbitrage to ethylene will be less. Clearly also on the back end of this year, there could be a drop in ethylene because of excess supply coming on in the Middle East. So, we do believe this first half in ethylene, polyethylene is strong that natural gas arbitrage would be good, but having said that, its sustainability with excess supply coming on the back half will see that start to drop, but we believe we will benefit on the propylene side of that.
Andrew Liveris: Thank you Don. On Ag, I think the key message here is independent of what our partner has said, you have got to know and remember that we price SmartStax independent of them and we have two key objectives in our strategy that may be different to the original strategy. Firstly, a rapid transition of our portfolio to SmartStax is very key to Dow. And two, to grow our market share. So, we have always priced SmartStax over triple stacks [ph] to reflect the incremental value that the technology brings, but at the same time, penetration pricing has been our mantra. So, we are doing everything, we are meeting our goals where everything we said we do, we have done. There is no question that even with a revised numbers from our partner, (inaudible) is still one of the largest biotech launches in history. We are selling everything we have available to sell. There are no surprises in our field trials, and we are achieving the results that we said we would achieve. In fact, we are very confident, we actually are launching SmartStax to nearly 40 hybrids this season and expect to have SmartStax in more than 70% of our corn portfolio in the next two to three years. So, we are on target, no effect from the partners’ announcements to us, we are on strategy and we see absolutely no negative effect to our forecast.
Andrew Liveris: We have stayed away, I think you know, Don, from answering that specific question. I know people want to know that, but we stay true to our organic growth strategy, which is actually a lot of way we are deriving our NPV value.
Andrew Liveris: You know, Sergey, it could be market discipline. I probably would give you that, but I really do think the bigger reason is actions we and others have taken in Europe and US to rightsize the footprint, especially here in the US and Canada to not really have the export capacity in downstream businesses. Remember, we shuttered EDC, EB/Styrene, EO/EG and really reconfigured the footprint for our Basic Plastics PE in particular here to US demand. And we are definitely the most competitive in the United States and Canada as a result due to our Flexi-crackers. So, to your generic point, we do believe that it has elevated the performance of the business to a new level when you throw on top of it, the low-cost feedstocks we have available to us in places like Kuwait and Argentina. So, the doubt strategy of asset-like low-cost feedstock plays elsewhere to do Petroceuticals [ph] to use your famous term actually, plus of course the in–market competitiveness from on top of that, the first question from PJ on natural gas and then you asked me arbitrate point has given the business a new level of performance in short-like conditions. There is still upside based on basically price volume maximization. You know, we are too way below peak margin levels, so there is still upside.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, to make sure I get lots of questions in today, the answer is going to be just a yes. We have lowered our breakeven point with all of the $2 billion of cost reductions in the combined company plus restructuring, the answer is yes.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I mean, thank you Bob. There is no question the mix if you look at the leverage we have for economic recovery right now, and the statements we have made in particular around global recovery in North America and Europe in particular, the propylene envelope and all of its downstream and you pick your favorite once, polyurethane, acrylics, emulsions also of course epoxies. There is definitely margin inflation in the first quarter that we will start to recover as the year goes by, in let’s call the semi-commodity part of the mix. If you really look at the downstream part of the company now, electronic materials, specialty materials, if you look at Ag, that’s independent of the question. So, really, we have a third of the portfolio that’s independent of the hydrocarbon story. We have another third that should see better improvement in the specialty side as the year unfolds, and then the third that’s Basic Plastics, in particular, and routinely polyethylene should see some margin compression in the back half of the year as excess supply comes on. So, the performance as you say moving parts to the performance side as the year progresses, which is by the way on strategy.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, the $2 billion revenue number that Bill referred to comes from both gross synergies and the organic R&D pipeline, and the way you should think about that slide we had in the deck is that the NPV risk-adjusted is derived from revenue margin projections with firm stage gates between now, 2012, and beyond, but clearly those projects that are at or near commercialization tilt the number very much to the now $2 billion, 2012. So, at the end of the day, John, that’s the same number.
Andrew Liveris: That’s the way we are thinking about it. There is some upside on stock earlier in the pipeline, but it’s risk-adjusted. So, the answer is yes.
Andrew Liveris: Really, all of the above. I mean, some new, but lots of little new and lot of stuff that’s now moving through the next stage games.
Andrew Liveris: There is Europe, I would characterize as lagging behind the US, so I don’t want to overplay the statement. I think depending on where you were in Europe, we are seeing in particular Germany with its export orientation being quite strong as the Euro keeps dropping because of the issues around sovereign debt. Germany is doing quite well and well for us. And there is a plethora of different ways we see it. We see it for example in our installation business, energy efficiency measures that have come through government stimuli not just in Germany, but across other countries in Europe like France in particular, northern Europe and also over into eastern Europe, and in fact we are seeing eastern Europe coming back stronger, that’s a quicker rebound than western Europe, but that helps Western Europe, in particular it helps Germany in particular. So, there is no one particular market other than I would say to you generically, it’s in the areas of infrastructure and transportation and exports.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, as you know, there is so many performance businesses, they all have their own demand driver, electronics material for example should be a 2X GDP number. So, that’s you know, I need to say, because Jerome mentioned it, but when you come to May 18th, sector day, you are going to see the power of the synergies in electronic materials. We have lowered the cost point, because of the synergies on the cost side, but the GDP growth out in Asia in particular and all of the stuff that we are doing is seeing double digit twice the size of GDP growth rate. Ag should be about one-and-a-half times, and performance systems probably a little lower than that, 1.3 to 1.4 times GDP, and performance products is probably around one times GDP.
Andrew Liveris: Critical, I would say. We have one project ahead of those two, which is the tide project. That should come on in the next year, or year-and-a-half. That will be great for our expansion out in the far eastern growth markets out there. There is a range of different good products we are building there. And then the next one will be Russia [ph] and then the following one will be China, and these are all asset life projects, all building blocks projects that will help feed Jerome’s business, help feed performance systems and make sure that we have the downstream value add that the strategy speaks to.
Andrew Liveris: I mean, frankly there is a couple of lots of moving parts, right. So, the number of assets that have been taken down especially on the commodity side, the hydrocarbon and energy, compression that’s occurred in this quarter versus the quarter back then, propylene in particular, the question that was asked earlier on propylene cost base, propylene cost base is going up. There is lot of moving parts. So, I think the way we look at product, in 2008, that quarter was 93% operating rate, we had lowered the cost point of the company on structural cost by the combined company by the two big restructurings that were taken, one by Rohm and Haas, one by Dow, when you put those two together, that’s about $750 million takeout of costs and structural costs. And then the $1.3 billion of synergies, that $2 billion will be out of the combined cost base that you saw back in the first quarter of ’08. That will then in turn mean the volume, once you get the volumes up there, that will all drop to the bottom line. And one way we have explained it is reuse ’07. If you take $6.5 billion of EBITDA in ’07 from Dow, $2.5 billion of EBITDA Rohm and Haas, that’s $9 billion. Add the $2 billion of EBITDA from cost savings, that’s $11 billion. And then if you add and subtract, add the equity earnings, then will have Dow Corning’s expansion (inaudible) that gives us up to around $11.5 billion, subtract the solvent businesses, that’s $10.7 billion of EBITDA or $4.50 a share. That $10.7 billion of EBITDA, when will that be attained? If you make the assumption of the 12, it will look like 7, then we are on the run rate to that number based on the current asset footprint, not counting any of the growth pipeline.
Andrew Liveris: Across the board. I have covered a few of them, will be at a fast pace, in one of my slides, in my deck, but by size, the water business, wet strength resins supply, I mean AkzoNobel and coatings, industrial coatings, emulsions, architectural coatings, just to name a few.
Andrew Liveris: Thanks Kevin. Yes, there has been a lot of press reports, the partners have not made a statement. Clearly, one of the things that the both partners have examined long and hard is the capital burden of such a huge project to get go, even though it’s a live structure for us and for them. We have made no decision yet on any move – it has been assessed as interesting alternative, that’s been made available to the partners. We are basically within a few months of making final decisions on the feed, which is obviously the big commitment to go to the next step, order long-term equipment. And in fact, stock details is adding (inaudible) So, we will have a lot to say, give us a few months.
Andrew Liveris: One of the things we are working very hard on that, the premise of your question is you know we are a leader in talking about energy policy in this country and we are trying very hard now with this revised energy and climate change bill that’s coming out of the Senate, this KGL bill to ensure that we can lock in sustainable energy policies around natural gas in this country for many years to come. There is a couple of things that we have been saying about it. We are not yet certain we can lock it in, that’s why we are not as bullish as those statements suggests. We want to be, we want to recreate an investment dynamic here in the US around our asset base, based on long-term predictability of natural gas.
Andrew Liveris: Absolutely not. I haven’t looked at their numbers. We think it’s about 7% industrial production year-over-year comparative, which means our volumes even more impressive. When you look it by sector, you look at things like automotive, it’s up incredibly high year-on-year. There is no question in our mind that this is beyond the restocking, this is now consumer-led demand recovery.
Andrew Liveris: We have a very clearly stated strategy. The strategy is to move Dow’s portfolio to downstream value-add businesses. Businesses like Jerome’s, businesses like the Ag business. We have preferential investors, our R&D budget, CapEx budget is all going that way, but we need building blocks for those businesses. We will do them in an equity-like, asset-like structure. And then over these next many quarters, we hope that we can get a higher value for our joint venture with our Basic Plastics unit, but we haven’t changed strategy.
Andrew Liveris: Let me answer the second question first, because this was a follow-on from a previous question from Jeff. We don’t know when the deal will be done. We don’t’ count as you quite rightly put it, the $2 billion number. We don’t count the replacement deal to the K-Dow deal in our numbers, that’s correct. However, the timing of any such deal for us will be based on maximum valuation. I mean, I think what you should be hearing on this whole strategy, we are very pleased with the PE business. It’s number 1 in the world, it’s actually, technologically advanced. There is a right partner out there with feedstocks that, that business should be joint ventured with, but we are not counting on it this year. That’s the area we are going to interpret it, Bill. In terms of export windows from the US on polyethylene, I believe we moved significant amount outside to China and Asia in the first quarter, about 20%. We look very closely at pre-buying the pervious question, we don’t see any signs of inventory builds based on perspective price drop.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I would like to just, firstly thank you all for listening to the call and Q&A. If you really look at the summary, of the way we feel about things, we think this revenue run rate, we had a substantial revenue beat in the quarter, reflects this by giving signs of a new Dow and in fact an economic recovery with volume growth to the upside, not only of course in the emerging world, but now the US and to a certain extent, parts of Europe. There is demand pool going on, not restocking. We believe Rohm and Haas was a great acquisition for us and we are demonstrating it earlier than anyone expected on not only the bottom line but also the topline, which speaks my revenue point, and the two things that we were asked on the column of Q&A, our cost reductions give us great leverage to economic upside and economic recovery, and then growth will in fact drive the upside, and our innovations and the agenda around R&D and I really urge you to come to May 18th, sector day with Jerome because he’s going to show growth in all of its colors. Thank you for listening to us.
