Neal Sheorey: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss the fourth quarter financial results for Dow. We’re making this call available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow’s website and through the link to our webcast. Speaking on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dow’s Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dow’s Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today are on a pro forma basis, and all financials where applicable exclude significant items. We’ll also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained on the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today and on the Dow website. On Slide 2, you’ll see our agenda for the call. Jim will start with an overview of Dow’s fourth quarter and operating segment performance as well as an update on Sadara. Howard will then move into a financial overview of the quarter, including details on our principal joint ventures and will also provide some comments on modeling guidance for the first quarter and full year. And finally, Jim will provide a review of Dow’s performance against our 2019 targets and then close with our priorities for 2020. Following that, we will take your questions. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jim.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Jim. With that, let’s move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you everyone for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow’s website later today. This concludes our call. Have a great day.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning. We’re on this Jim, thanks for the question. I think what we saw and what we've seen out of the third-party reports is that you had some fairly significant deltas on cash margins for some of the – especially Naptha producers in Asia and a little bit in Europe, too. In fact, we got to a couple of periods in the last several weeks where it was negative to as much as $0.10 to $0.12. So that’s a lot to absorb if you're at the bottom of the cycle. So I'm not sure that we would see it all come back on, but you can always bump around here a little bit.  I would also point back to – we had very strong demand in plastics. So plastics was up 4% in the quarter. Four consecutive quarters of volume growth in plastics. So I think demand is out there, and I think our cost positions are good. And that's really what's helped us out. All the investments we made over the last five to seven years really brought us down on the cost position, feedstock flexibility as well as just the lower cost of the crackers, and that's what's going to help us navigate through here.
Jim Fitterling: Thanks, Hassan, for the question. First, on the plastics ban. From a Dow perspective, we don't produce materials that go into most of those products that were banned. So straws and lightweight ag films and some of the T-shirt bags is not a market for us. Most of what we're selling into China goes what we're selling into China goes into more durable packaging, goes into flexible food packaging, and that demand continues to be strong. Health and hygiene markets obviously continue to be strong. Nonwovens is a big market for us as well. On the coronavirus. I had the experience to live there during the SARS epidemic, and it feels like to me, what we went through during the SARS time period. You're seeing an impact on tourism, people staying at home, people not going to restaurants. The service industry gets hit a little bit. People may be making a run at the grocery store to stock up on things. You're seeing some pull on demand on things like materials that are going into household cleaners or disinfectants, nonwovens that are going into masks or wipes. So we're seeing some of that pull on demand. And I know our counterparts at DuPont are also seeing that. For example, on pull on some of their nonwovens and their surgical masks and things as well. Once we figure out how to treat this, things will start to return to normal. And I think it took us in SARS a few weeks to really, WHO and CDC, to figure out how to treat it, and then everybody started to kind of get back into normal life. Customers have not gone back from Chinese New Year yet. So when I talked to the businesses yesterday, they're still seeing customers take an extended Chinese New Year. But I would imagine in another week, they're going to have to go back because demand for some of their products is starting to pick up, too.
Jim Fitterling: Thanks Vince. Good morning. That’s a good question. And I do agree with you that, that naptha movement up and down is a big contributor to what we saw happen with those margins, both in Europe and in Asia Pacific, the Asian pricing has been stable. So that's been a good thing, even at the end of the year. And typically, at the end of the year, you would see people doing some destocking, you might expect that product to get depressed, but it held up pretty well. But I think it's holding up well because the breakeven costs over there are much, much higher.  So if we're running at the bottoms right now on Asia and on Western Europe, and we've still got this advantage on Canada, Argentina, U.S. Gulf Coast. I think it speaks to the fact that the high cost producers are going to be under pressure for a while. And I think that's why the third-party reports are out there saying people are pushing out expansion. People are talking about shuttering in some capacity. We'll see how that develops.  The other thing I would mention is that, typically, in March to June, that's the heavy turnaround season for ethylene. And usually, historically, you have about 8% of the capacity offline. A lot of the third-party reports that are out there right now and turnaround activity have as much as 15% of that capacity offline. So I think as we go through the quarter and some of that capacity comes off, we're going to see some opportunity there for some pricing and margin expansion. 
Jim Fitterling: So thanks Dave. A good question. One of the main things we had was we had lower cost this fourth quarter than last year because there was a turnaround fourth quarter of 2018, and we didn't have that in the fourth quarter of 2019. We also saw lower propylene raw material costs. So we had PDH out in turnaround and propylene prices actually came down pretty significantly. So that rolled through on the acrylics chain. So you see some of that impact. We did get some margin expansion. So we saw siloxanes pricing slightly improve, and we also saw some volume gain in siloxanes versus what we had expected. And to your point on the two onetime things, catalyst and the solar fill. We had expected those to come. You never know exactly when the timing of those is going to happen because they're capital of those is going to happen because they're capital projects. So when the solar fill charge comes when they tell you, hey, deliver the material, we're ready to load up the plant, and that just happened in the fourth quarter. So I think that one, you can look at and say that one wasn’t expected in Q4.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning Frank. I think on the MDI spreads, I think the current levels that we're at are probably sustainable. You could see some pressure down on some of that. But I'm hopeful with the U.S.-China deal done that that gets some confidence back in the markets and some of those downstream derivatives start to pull demand and that'll firm things up a little bit. As it comes to construction chemicals, we've seen good volume and good demand in the housing side. And I think it's held up better for longer than we had expected. It's going into a wide number of applications, which has been good. And it's offset good. And it's offset some softness that we've seen in some other parts of the PU business, for example, systems into automotive and into furniture and bedding. You don't think of it, but sometimes a mattress is a high-ticket item. But they were under some pressure because of the price of a mattress, it's one the things that consumers, if they're tightening the belt a little bit, will kind of slow down purchases on. But no, construction looks good, and I think we're off to, with the weather, we're off to a pretty reasonable start to the year. 
Jim Fitterling: Yes thanks Steve for the question. On joint ventures, we do joint ventures for several reasons. The three key joint ventures that we have today, we have strong partners with, and they were for the reason of market access and to make sure that we had access to low-cost feedstocks. So when you look at that, you have to think about it in context of how do I serve the market with my customers if I don't have access to that partnership and that feedstock? Our priority on the ventures is we want them to be self-sustaining and self-funding and stand alone. That's why we're doing what we're doing with Sadara. The Kuwait joint venture is already in that spot. The Thai joint venture is also in that spot. And then they can – as they improve, they can yield dividends and pay back or they have the ability to fund their own growth as they move forward. All of our partners in the JVs are committed to that mindset, have the same mindset as we do. And obviously, what we need to do with Sadara is get through this debt reprofiling to get it in the best long-term sustainable solution. We're doing a lot of work on footprint. Most of that would be, think of divestiture work, like what we did in the fourth quarter, exiting a facility in a market that has declined, like Australia in polyurethanes was not competitive. Looking at our La Porte, Texas site, moving that capacity over to Freeport, getting off of that site, selling that site to somebody who really wants to come in and expand there. It's a good site. It's a good location. We only have one asset on that location. So we needed to make a change there. And then, obviously, we will look at product chains that inside Dow may not get investment money like we did with acetone derivatives in West Virginia. That's – there's a better owner for that business. And we're continuing to look at that. On digital, I believe digital is going to help us in two ways. If I look at the silicones business, Consumer Solutions, they are one of the most Sadara efficient businesses that we have. They're doing about $3 billion of sales through that digital portal. What they do then is they focus their Sadara capabilities on application development and very close customer contact. So they pull through a lot of demand through that chain. But what digital really does for us is help us get that end customer and that end-to-end signal back into our plants. So in polyurethanes, to give you an example, as we are able to get good demand signals, and that's a very complicated integrated chain through that polyurethanes chain, we can run the assets differently. In some cases, we can free up as much as 10% to 20% of incremental capacity off of an asset.  So it isn't just about Sadara. It's also about how we run the asset, how we get working capital out. We did $400 million of working capital out in fourth quarter by the old-fashioned way. When we get digital rolling, I think we're going to have the capability to see more working capital improvements. 
Jim Fitterling: Yes. MDI, I think MDI's exposure in the marketplace, Chris, is basically in those areas that I talked about that have been a little bit slow, automotive; some of the more rigid polyols and so appliances, those things pull on the MDI chain. That's been what's been the softest. There have been announced delays in capacity expansion, which makes obviously a lot of sense given where we are in the market and the spreads. And there's enough capacity out there to satisfy the demand for a while. So I think you'll see these are not easy facilities to build and they're not easy facilities to operate. My sense is now that we've got a little bit of confidence coming back in after the trade deals and we start to see maybe some people seeing their way through higher demand if automobiles start to pick back up, you're going to see things tighten a little bit and these spreads have the potential to go up. 
Jim Fitterling: Good question P.J. I would say our portfolio today is probably running around 40% of the higher-value materials. So all of our functional polymers business would be in that category. That's about 25% of what we sell out of P&SP today. And then another 15% on the high end of P&SP would be in things like health and hygiene products, et cetera, which are probably not in that same space.  Recycling and these bands have been targeted at low-end single-use, I would say, commodity types of materials. And people just aren't getting their heads around the need for behavioral change at the consumer level to make that happen. So what we're working on with the Alliance, we now have more than 46 members in the Alliance, and it's growing every day. We're focusing on chemical recycling back to feedstock so that we can make recycled plastic out of taking the plastic, going back through chemical recycling and back through the cracker and the plastics plant. We're looking at mechanical recycling and going into high-volume applications like construction materials, pallets, crates into asphalt for roadways, any number of those applications, they're going to be waste-to-energy facilities. There's a large facility right now in Indonesia, 500,000 tons, mixed-use recycling, waste-to-energy, chemical and mechanically recycling both. We have several projects like that with the Alliance. We have a project with Nobel Prize laureate, Muhammad Yunus, working on a Zero Plastic Waste City in India, showcasing what can be done there.  You're seeing, across the board, tremendous amounts of recycling activity. One of our customers, Sealed Air, just announced that they've taken bubble wrap to post-consumer recycle. We launched AGILITY CE last year, which is up to 70% post-consumer recycled material. You're going to see that go into things like collation shrink for water bottles or beverage cases. And we're getting it into a whole host of other applications.  So this has taken off in a big way. Big announcements, like Nestle saying they're going to spend $2 billion to buy post-consumer recycled packaging, are great because we need that demand pull on the chain to make this work. 
Jim Fitterling: Yes, a good question Don. We have the ability to flex – we can flex every day, but that doesn't sometimes make sense. But every week, we're looking at the flex that we need to take. Ethane has been in rejection here recently. So it's been advantaged. But there were periods in the fourth quarter where our variable costs from cracking propane were extremely low and butane has been in the mix all year as well. I'd say, with what's going on with TPC and the C4s, we're watching butane because we create a lot more C4s out of that that, and so we don't want to get ourselves into a jam on C4s. But propane has been advantaged. Propane advantage is a big advantage for Dow because we have more flex in the industry. We can crack up to 70-plus percent propane in the fleet in the U.S. Gulf Coast. And it's been an advantage for Europe as well. So we've been able to crack LPGs all through the fourth quarter, and we're cracking now in Europe.
Howard Ungerleider: Hey Jeff, good morning. This is Howard. That $500 million is what we had to put in last year. As you look at Sadara, where we are in the cycle with chain margins and polyolefins, and isocyanate, they've got enough cash flow that they're generating to cover their own costs and to cover their interest expense. But the project was project financed, and that project financing all is now that the project is fully operational, the principle is coming due, and they don't have enough cash to generate to pay all of that principle. So that $500 million is roughly our expectation that 2020 conservatively will look like 2019. And in 2019, we had to put in $500 million, which was our 35% ownership of the principle. And so what we talked about, what Jim talked about on the, I think, in the prepared remarks, is that we've got agreement in principle now on the last logistics agreement to – that's the last remaining step, signature of that document is imminent. At that point, we will have achieved project completion. And then we – Sadara will work with the support, obviously, of both Dow and Aramco to reprofile the debt with the lender group. And so that's our focus. Our expectation is that will take us through the better part of this year to get that done. So conservatively, for modeling purposes, we said, look, we'll put the $500 million in there just to – as a precaution.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, thanks Jim. Good morning Jonas. I mean I think Jim covered it well. Our target that we laid out at Investor Day is to cover dilution every year at a minimum. So when we look at the margin compression that we had last year, and we look at the capital – we look at our capital structure targets over the economic cycle, we're on the higher end of that range. We did a very good job of doing $3 billion, as Jim said, of debt paydown last year, but we want to do a little bit more. So as we enter 2020, the primary focus after the dividend and after the $1.75 billion of CapEx is really to incrementally continue to delever with operational cash flows.  With that said, Jonas, and I think your point is very valid, and you look at the slide that we put out in the deck, we are a cash-generating machine. And so as we continue to drive higher cash flows. You can expect a balanced approach with additional debt paydown and additional shareholder remuneration. But we just felt like it was prudent, given the capital structure targets, to start the year with a preferred focus on debt paydown. 
Howard Ungerleider: Yes good morning John. Hey, I don't want to have that negotiation with the lenders on this earnings call. What I would say, though, is I wouldn't expect that. I mean because that's been a historical principle. I really think our focus is really trying to get – to use Jim's words, to try and get Sadara to a cash flow self-sufficiency. So looking to the lenders and working with them to extend the tenors and/or to adjust the amortization tables, not to take a haircut. And that's our primary focus of what we're going to be working with them on.
Howard Ungerleider: Well, we didn't give a number this morning on the Canadian except for the capacity, John. So what I would say is you take 130,000 tons of ethylene, we're going to use our portion of that. We're not all of that. We're going to use our portion of that to make additional polyolefin. We've got the reactor capacity already there, and so that's going to be the primary focus. The other thing that I would say that wasn't in Jim's list is $1 billion of cash that we'll get back from the lower transaction costs. We spent almost $1.2 billion in cash last year to finish the DowDuPont spin – spinout for Dow, and that – we'll get $1 billion of that back this year and then another $200 million in 2021. 
