Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Please turn to Slide 10. In addition to our strong financial performance throughout this turbulent year, Dow also launched breakthrough sustainability targets earlier this year, focused on reducing our carbon footprint and addressing plastic waste. Sustainability is not a new concept to Dow. In fact, for decades, it has been a defining factor in how we make decisions, run our operations and innovate new products. These new targets reflect our longstanding commitment to apply our material science expertise to address the world's most pressing issues. We announced our intention to reduce Dow's net annual carbon emissions by 15% by 2030, and achieve carbon neutrality by 2050. New enabling process technologies will bring carbon efficiencies to our operations and provide higher earnings such as our FCDH technology being scaled up at our cracker in Plaquemine, Louisiana, as well as increasing Dow's renewable energy purchases at very competitive costs across the United States and Latin America and accelerating technology to electrify ethylene steam crackers. We also continuously innovate new products and solutions to help our customers meet their sustainability commitments and lower their carbon emissions. For example, our SunSpheres bio SPF booster and MaizeCare style polymers are products that meet our customer's requirements for more sustainable personal care solution. Secondly, we announced several actions to further our leadership role in driving a more circular economy. By 2030, Dow will help stop the waste by enabling 1 million metric tons of plastics to be collected, reused or recycled through direct actions and partnerships. For example, our work with partners around the globe to construct the infrastructure, like polymer modified asphalt roads and to make products with post consumer recycled plastic. And by 2035, we will close the loop enabling 100% of Dow products sold into packaging applications to be reusable or recyclable. We are developing circular economy solutions such as investing in advanced recycling and offering recycled plastics with our recycle ready technology as part of our product portfolio. We are already seeing the benefits of our actions as the market adoptions for these new solutions continues to grow and enabled us to drive lower costs and higher sales throughout our businesses. Sustainability will continue to be a critical driver of long-term value for Dow and our shareholders. In closing, on Slide 11, our strengthened financial flexibility, disciplined focused on cash and the actions we have taken to reduce structural costs, position us well to continue delivering value for Dow and our shareholders. Most of our markets have already seen significant improvement. And as the recovery broadens, we will begin to see higher margins as differentiated parts of our portfolio returned to more normalized growth. Our functional polymers polyurethane systems and silicones businesses as highlighted in our annual benchmarking, deliver premium margins and represents significant EBITDA and margin uplift as social and workplace activities resume and durable goods demand continues to increase. In the meantime, we remain focused on strengthening our financial position, unlocking additional cash upside and successfully reprofiling Sadara's debt. This financial flexibility will further enhance our competitiveness as we move forward, affording us an ability to see the right opportunities for growth. We're also advancing Dow's commitment to ESG as we pursue our long-term ambition to become the most innovative customer centric, inclusive and sustainable material science company in the world. Driving long-term growth as consumer demand rises for innovative more sustainable solutions. These actions are underpinned by a unique consumer focused portfolio that has broad geographic product and market reach as well as industry leading feedstock flexibility, combined with our focus on low capital intensity investments, digitalization and innovation. We will continue to drive superior performance relative to our peers. Now I'll turn it back to Colleen to set up the Q&A.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, David. Thanks for the question. And obviously we've done a great job managing cash and delivering cash from the machine. And as you say, we've paid down about $2 billion of debt this year. So as we look at next year and in the next couple of years, we're working on scenarios where we could be able to with discipline, increase that CapEx from the $1.25 billion that we have this year. Most of that $1.25 billion is going to safely and reliably operate the plants today, and growth capital in downstream businesses like our Industrial Solutions business, polyurethane systems and formulated silicones businesses. As we free up a little bit more CapEx, it's going to go into quick payback projects, especially anything that hits reliability and really improves things like cracker reliability come to the bottom line pretty quickly. So you should see that. And then once we get back above COVID demand growth levels, we'll start to look at more downstream CapEx investment. But I would say we'll open it up gradually and we'll ramp it as we see the demand improve. As far as M&A, I would think any bolt-on M&A would be relatively small. I don't know, Howard, if you want to comment on that.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, Jonas, I'm going to let Howard unpack it. But just remember the cash that's going into Sadara is our portion of the principle repayments on the project financing, which is why the debt reprofiling by the end of the year is a big target for us. So, Howard, why don’t you unpack like the EBITDA recon and also progress on how we're doing on debt reprofiling.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Vincent. Good question. And let me -- I'll take the first and then I'll come back to ethane. I think one of the reasons we had a better performance in third quarter was demand was stronger for longer than we expected and inventories were lower than anybody expected. We also had higher operating rates at Dow, but also throughout the industry. And we did have some impact from quite a bit of capacity offline as we ended the third quarter. My expectation is demand is going to continue to be strong. It's been stronger. Polyethylene demand has been stronger year-over-year every month, all year long, even through the second quarter which was a very sharp downturn. So I think that bodes well for pricing through the quarter. And I think our average price through the quarter will probably tick up slightly. Remember, it started low and it ended up about $0.12 through the quarter in the third quarter in the U.S. I would say we'll hold on to that and maybe pick up slightly on average for the quarter. On ethane, there's been a lot of speculation on what's going to happen. With that saying, I would say natural gas looks to me like it's going to stay about where it is. It might rise to as much as 3.50 through the winter, but I don't see anything that would indicate that there's going to be a big spike up in natural gas. And on ethane you have to remember that frac spreads as they improve, bring a lot of ethane to the market. What we saw in June and July, frac spreads got up to a $1.50, a million BTU, and that was enough to bring 300,000 barrels per day of ethane to the market. So I expect frac spreads will increase a little bit. We might see ethane prices bump up a couple of cents in the fourth quarter from where they've been. But as those frac spreads increase people are going to bring some more capacity into the market.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Frank. Thanks for the question. And I would say a few things that changed. We had expected to have turnarounds in the third quarter and because of the hurricanes turnarounds came in lower by $50 million in the quarter. Now some of that slides now into the fourth quarter, because we had to take the plants down. And we had about $200 million of improved polyethylene and isocyanates pricing strength between when we guided and the end of the quarter. So I think those are the two big things. The other thing I would say, and just credit to team Dow, fantastic job of blocking and tackling price volume management and running the assets. We move quickly in the second quarter to take operating rates down to match demand, and manage cash and liquidity and we did that really well. And then we brought them up quick, as we saw in third quarter, that things were improving. And I think we capitalize on both ends of that curve. And so -- and then on top of that, we were a little bit lucky, we have to say that, that we did not get a direct hit from the hurricane. So we were able to navigate through that and get the plants back online relatively quickly. Those would be the big moving parts.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Bob. Good question. I think it has chilled some substantially and I think it will continue to chill some more. And on top of what you talked about on demand, you've got to remember there's a lot of pressure on the industry right now to be able to get carbon reductions and get CO2 emissions down. So as you continue to bring on new capacity, people are going to look at that new capacity and they're going to look at your carbon footprint and try to determine what are you doing to your total carbon footprint. That's one of the reasons that we're working on about four technologies in the process technology side, in the ethylene production and propylene production area that are all geared towards being able to build future plants that could potentially be zero carbon crackers. And also being able to retrofit existing plants where it might be able to get a 20% to 40% reduction in CO2 footprint. So we're doing that for ourselves, but we're also doing that because we think that could be a revenue on licensing stream for us going forward. So I would stay tuned, but I think you're starting to see people pull back a little bit on projects, and that's why we pivoted pretty quickly to manage cash and liquidity through this so that when we get through the pandemic, we come out with a strong balance sheet and we have the capability and the flexibility that we need to not only grow, but to do it in a way that helps bring that carbon footprint down.
Jim Fitterling: I would say inventories at the end of third quarter continued to be low. In fact, they probably went down at the end of the quarter from where we started at the end of the second quarter. So I don't see any change there. And on virgin plastics, John, I think today with recycle rates and we see this as well when people are looking to recycle plastics back into new materials, it's requiring virgin materials to blend with that capability. So I don't think recycling necessarily displaces all the virgin material. I think you still need plenty of virgin materials to make the quality that you need for that end spec. I think that'll change over time, but that isn't going to be an impact over the next couple of years.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, P.J. on the siloxanes question, I think the real issue is just addressing the merchant siloxanes capacity. So we've done some things obviously to take some of that capacity idle, and that was part of the third quarter charge that we put in there. So we're going to idle a little bit of capacity in siloxanes. For downstream silicones, very diverse markets. I think we can continue to invest in downstream silicones, formulated silicones investments and continue to chew up that merchant siloxanes business without getting into an oversupply situation. So we see it in automotive. We see it in construction, all very strong. It goes into appliances. It goes into all kinds of food packaging and specialty packaging. So I think you're going to see there are plenty of growth areas for the downstream of siloxanes -- silicones without really overpowering that. And as for Sadara, first things first. Our goal here is to get Sadara refinanced and get that $500 million a year off. So a $500 million cash improvement every year for Dow. And then when we get past that, we'll start to have a look at long-term what we think can happen. Sadara is improving. You can see it in the rates of third quarter, and we're not at cycle averages yet in terms of EBITDA growth. So this is what Sadara can do at some pretty low levels. We've probably got another 20% up before we get the cycle averages on EBITDA. And we'll take that into account and look through the cycle and what the outlook is before we get into any discussions about that.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, good morning, Lawrence. Let me talk a little bit about on the carbon side. Clearly the source of carbon emissions comes from generation of power, burning natural gas and burning natural gas in the furnaces, in the cracker. On energy, alternative energy, we have a target to create to contract as much as 750 megawatts of alternative energy, wind and solar. And most of that is competitive or less expensive than what we produce today. So that has a net value add to it. Obviously, we can do everything. There becomes a limit on what I can do with wind and solar because I need 24/7 available dispatchable power and I need steam. And so as we look at the future growth, we're looking at cracking and process technology around FCDH, which is a way to make propylene out of propane and do it with about a 20% lower carbon emissions. And that, I think, can be equal to or better than a return on capital than what we typically approve in our projects. We're also working on, and these are all smaller dollar right now, pilot scale activities. We're also working on that same technology for ethane to ethylene. It's obviously a little bit tougher to make that happen. That could be as much as a 40% reduction in CO2 footprint. Obviously, pulling things forward will depend on those technologies proving themselves and then looking at the total capital that we have to spend over time to make that happen. And as you know, some of these assets are very profitable. So you want to have a game plan for how you do this over time. I would say the other area that we've got to be sensitive to is that on the recycling side is recycling is going to need public policy as well as recycling targets to make things happen. One of the reasons it doesn't happen today is because it's more expensive to recycle than it is to make virgin material. So one of the things we're working on around the world, Europe, United States, as well as what is the policy need to look like. In a linear economy, the cheapest thing to do is for your plastic waste to go to a landfill. And obviously, if we stay in a linear economy, we run the risk that there's more plastic waste ends up in places like the ocean. If we want to close that, we've got to create the right incentives to close that loop and bring it back. And there's technology to do it today. More than 80% of what we make today can be completely recycled, but it isn't. And that really has to do with local policies and costs and we've got to tackle that issue.
Jim Fitterling: We saw double-digit volume growth quarter-over-quarter, and it primarily was driven by consumer durables, appliances, construction and automotive end markets. So they're up. Although some of them are still below last year's levels. Automotive, for example, is up, but it's still below 2019 levels. I think it's going to continue. Appliances are still very, very strong and there's a lot of backlog on appliances and the supply chains after what we went through in the second quarter and into the third quarter, the supply chains are tight in some areas. So you're seeing a lot of backlogs and we're catching up with that demand. So I think it's going to continue through the fourth quarter for sure. And then we'll keep an eye on how it goes beyond that. China, I would say already in almost all markets has returned to pre-COVID levels. And so we may actually start to see overall growth in China, which would be good. I would say some markets in the rest of the world, like appliances, like packaging are at pre-COVID levels, but not all. In automotive, it's still shallow to pre-COVID levels and probably will be for a couple of years, I expect.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Kevin. Things are tight as a drum right now on MDI and propylene oxide. I'd say Polyols maybe a little bit better, but it's propylene oxide that's pretty tight right now. And I think that's going to continue. Obviously, when you have an upset in isocyanates operation, you want to get it back as soon as you can, but it sometimes takes a while to get back up and get lined out. So I think things are going to be tied to the fourth quarter. Could extend into the first quarter. We are managing. We are working very closely with customers to try to keep them running and try to keep enough allocation to everybody, so that we can support them through. But it's a lot of heavy lifting by the team right now.
Jim Fitterling: Arun, I'm not sure I would characterize it as restocking or just getting back to target levels of supply. I think we've dipped in some of the supply chains below target inventory levels, and that's made them the supply chains less robust. And on top of that you've got global trade issues, which really complicates some of the supply chains as well. So I think people would like to get back to normal inventory levels. I'm not sure I would call that restocking or stocking up. I think just get back to a more resilient supply chain, because we're doing this today and it's taking a toll on people. The second thing I would say is that coming out of COVID we're pivoting to more digital capabilities. And one of the things that we're able to do with digital channels is have better line of sight to market demand and we're able to match operating rates to demand. And so I think you're going to see a change in behavior in terms of how people operate, that they're going to have a much better visibility on the demand side and they're going to be able to titrate that. So you won't see big swings up and down in inventories. You'll see things be more tightly managed, especially in a period of time like this where cash is king and you need to focus on cash and liquidity.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Remember, I talked about the turnaround. So the turnarounds that were in third quarter that got moved in the fourth quarter are going to hit packaging, especially plastics segment. And so they get most of that $100 million cost. You can add back -- we had about a $50 million impact in the third quarter from hurricane Laura, you can add that back. So $100 million of turnaround costs, take $50 million off of that. So you’ve got that, which is weighing on it. And then we are expecting ethane price to go up a couple of cents during the quarter. Those are the biggest moving parts.
Jim Fitterling: Jim, I don’t know that I would characterize the carbon reductions as incremental costs. I think as you look forward, it will be reflected in where we decide to spend our capital spending and how we decide to improve those assets. We want to do this in a way that’s neutral or positive to the company's results. That’s why we’re focusing in on process technology and catalysis as a way to do it. And those are the near-term improvements that we're looking to make. And also remember that we’ve older assets in the fleet. And so some of those that are at the end of life, have some of the higher carbon intensity and carbon footprint. So we decide to do with older assets can have a big impact as well. On closing the loop, it isn't like we are going to pay to close the loop in the marketplace. There's market demand for recycle materials, and so we’re working with partners to create innovative solutions to make that happen and we are working with the marketplace to get the capital markets involved. So we are working with people like the recycling partnership, close loop partners and we’re trying to come up with business models that, in and of themselves, are sustainable, and that will allow that plastic to come back in. And in some cases get blended with virgin plastics to make the final end product.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. No -- but no big bang M&A, Dave, and I would say that in addition to continuing to support our leading dividend, we also want to continue to delever. So we haven't set a target yet for next year. We are ahead of pace this year, as you pointed out. We'll set a target, I'm sure on the next earnings call. But it will be in the $500 million to a $1 billion range as a first pass based on what we see today.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Jonas, good morning. Look, I think, let me start with the Sadara's operation -- operational performance. And I would say that they're on -- their third quarter numbers were a $100 million improvement from an equity earnings perspective versus the same quarter a year-ago. They also saw sequential improvement. And I would also say that they are on track right now to have a better 2020 then 2019, which I would say most folks in our industry can't say that. So I think their operational performance is doing very well. They've taken cost out. Obviously, they're also benefiting from the snapback in demand that we've seen in the durable goods areas in the urethane chain as well as the resilient demand that we've seen in our core business in packaging. When you think about where the money is going, Jim, hit it on the head, which is remember right now it's project financed. Project financing means they've got about a $1 billion of principal that are coming due every year, so that money is going to principal pay down. That's why we're so focused on the reprofiling. And I would tell you that we made really substantive progress with the ECAs that are in the syndicate in the third quarter. We are now in the process of engaging with the commercial lenders and the investors, and we remain on track to get a deal done by the end of the year. So we're feeling really good about that. And remember that reprofiling -- our targets on reprofiling is for Sadara to be in a position of cash flow self-sufficiency by January 1. And so that is the thought process and we're on track to make that happen. We don't have it done. We still have work to do, but watch this space. I'm really pleased with the team. We got Saudi Aramco, Sadara and the Dow treasury teams that are working collaboratively with each of the lenders in the lending syndicate. So more to come, but good progress so far.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Jeff, great question. I'm impressed with your diligence in the back of our press release. Look, I would say that the $3.4 billion number has definitely increased. The biggest driver is the restructuring, right? So we announced this. We announced the restructuring of 6% of our labor costs. And so we accrued in the quarter for all of the charges, and that obviously comes into the accrued and current liabilities. The other items is with the higher performance, there is a slight increase in the performance comp expectation. That's an annual bonus program. We'll see how the fourth quarter turns out, but those are the two big drivers of the increase. So that $3.4 billion number will move around. But as you get through 2022 and 2023, it'll come down by about a $300 million, which was the biggest chunk of the step change because of the accrual.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Look, I would say from a hard dollar savings standpoint, you should expect about $150 million to drop to the bottom line in 2021. And then the balance of the $300 million, another $150 million in 2022. It includes a 6% reduction in our workforce costs. So that doesn't mean 6% headcount. I mean, obviously we're trying hard to trim the high-end of the pyramid. Obviously, we're also looking at streamlining. When you think about it from a segment level perspective, it's about a little bit more than a third in P&SP, and then the balance split between Industrial Intermediates & Performance Materials and Chemicals.
