Jim Fitterling: Yes, good morning, Vince. Everybody is doing great here. And thanks for asking. We hope you are too. Most of the pricing – and I think what you are seeing on pricing is that, you are seeing things kind of come to a global kind of a price right now and that you would expect that with what’s happened. I think you are going to see a little bit more come out in Europe than in North America, little bit less in Latin America, and little bit less in the Pacific.  Actually, we started to see exports to China stepping up pretty dramatically. China has reduced the tariffs coming in and the Chinese economy is turning to rebound versus March. I would say, we start to see activity there in late March and through the month of April. So the industrial part of the economy is trying to get rolling again.  Consumer part still a little bit uneven. And then, obviously, we did what we did on supply, just to balance off demand. So, we had a good strong first quarter. Volumes were flat, slightly up in Packaging and Specialty Plastics. But we are going to see some impacts on volumes in the industrial part of the sector in the second quarter, which is why we tightened up some of the supply.  And that was primarily due to industrial shipping, industrial applications, automotive applications. We are starting to see the automotive industry talk about coming back here in the month of May and also in the month of May in Europe. So, hopefully, we will see them May, June turn in the economy on the industrial side here in North America, Latin America. 
Jim Fitterling: Yes, John. Thanks for the question. We are not closing the high cost assets. We are closing the balance demand. So, look, all of these are reasonable cost assets, but the reality is, there has been a pretty significant amount of industrial capacity shutdown on the downstream. And so, we don’t feel like in this environment, really ploughing a lot of material into inventory is the right thing to do.  So, that’s why we are dialing back the capacity. I have seen some delays and indefinite suspensions of projects, there was one this week in Ohio, the Thai project that was going to go ahead. So, we are starting to see some of those kinds of announcements. We are seeing reduced rates across polyurethanes, across the globe basically and we’ve got polyurethanes MDI capacity down in China right now, not us, but competitors do.  Really to balance out the fact that downstream automotive and appliances and construction for insulation materials has been slow. So I think that’s what you are seeing. I think it has less to do with the cost position and more to do with the supply demand. 
Jim Fitterling: No, I don’t think we’ll lose share, David. Actually, we were glad to say we were in share in the first quarter across our plastics business and ethylene costs are still very low in the U.S. Gulf Coast. So we haven’t idled anything on the ethylene side. In fact, right now, probably 9% to 10% of ethylene production capacity is out on the U.S. Gulf Coast.  So we will balance that out. We’ve been operating very well from a working capital standpoint and I think what we are trying to do here is, just make sure that we don’t plough a lot of material into inventory until we see a good demand signal coming on the back-end. We are starting to get good signs.  We are starting to get positive signs out of many states in the United States for a May opening. And some parts of Europe like Germany, Austria, Switzerland. And then, I think as confidence builds, testing comes along, people are going to be more certain about going back into manufacturing and consumers will be back in the market.  And at that point, it’s easy to fire these polyethylene units back up and meet that demand. 
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Thanks, Jonas for the question. Texas 9 is back up. So it’s at the $2 million runrate right now. Most of that expansion on Texas 9 was for MEGlobal for their consumption for MEG, and so they’ve been buying ethylene in the markets to really get themselves started and up and running. So this supply has been in the marketplace. And I haven’t seen any reduction in volumes there.  I think the other thing that’s happening is, as you see in the automotive industry, go down, people that are cracking naphtha or cracking heavier don’t have much place for some of the aromatics and some of the off grades to go. And so, the rubber industry has been slow. Automotive industry has been slow.  So that has brought rates down in some other crackers and then you’ve had some more turnaround and outage in other crackers. So as we go into the quarter, we feel like the toughest quarter here is going to be Q2 and so, we want to make sure that we balance supply and demand through Q2 and position ourselves to be able to turn things back on and come up as the industry starts to come back.
Jim Fitterling: Let me get to Howard to cover the tax rate, while I have to do some CEO math on your cracking question. 
Jim Fitterling: And to your question on cracking, Jeff, and I’ll just focus on U.S. Gulf Coast here, because as for the bulk of a flexibility is, I would say, we were in the 75%, 80% ethane cracking through the year. The balance of the propane and butane and very little talk for the back half of the year is zero in naphtha. Naphtha has come down, but honestly, ethane is still the best crack.  And so, if ethane gets tight and we start to see prices rise and propane comes into the slate, we will swing over to our propane flex. And it’s you know, we can swing 70% of the capacity over to propane. So, we got that flexibility built in to what we are modeling and I am optimistic that this is a more resilient gas market than people are estimating. 
Jim Fitterling: Thanks, Hassan. That’s a lot in that question. But I would say, right now, if things continued where they are today, we’d say there is about 21 million metric tons, about 11% of C2 capacity is at risk. That’s either due to age or the scale or the high conversion cost or their feedstock, cracking capability. I think one of the assumptions that everybody made was, naphtha coming down was that the whole world was going to switch to naphtha cracking.  But what people forget is that, you make so many byproducts on naphtha and there is no home for those byproducts. So those byproduct credits go away. At the end of the day, ethane and propane still remain the most competitive crack and we think that’s going to continue.  The other assumption that goes into this then, is what happens to oil price and oil has responded to just an unbelievable slowdown in demand, which is primarily because we told everybody to stay at home and nobody is traveling. But what we are seeing in China is, people are going back, traffic rates in China, for car traffic and truck traffic are back up to 80% of what they were pre-COVID.  And I think when people come back here, they are going to come back into their cars. That’s going to tighten up the demand side or the demand side on oil, at the same time some of these supply adjustments are going to come back in. So I am not predicting that we are going to go to this is the oil demand for the rest of the future.  I think if you look over a long, long time, that oil demand grows tracks population and what’s going on around the world with the development of the economy. We’ll get back to that. The question for everybody is just what’s the timeframe?  Are people going to – if we get a test and we get a treatment, our people going to get optimistic and go back faster or is this going to take longer than people think. 
Jim Fitterling: I think what we’ve seen so far P.J. in terms of the cost curves on ethylene is that, naphtha has come down, but lighter cracking ethane propane cracking is still advantaged to $100 and more than $100 a ton.  And so, that is a byproduct of the byproduct credits. And when you learn these naphtha crackers, typically, you are running them to produce ethylene and you take credit for all the byproducts that you sell in the market and net that back against the ethylene capacity.  When there is no margin on the byproducts, there is no netback credit. And so, that’s what we are looking at is, there is no place for the sea ores to go, the butadiene demand is down, rubber demand is down.  And so, at some point, you flip those markets upside down and at that point, people just slowdown rather than crack more naphtha. So that’s what we are looking at and I think that’s what we are going to see play out. 
Jim Fitterling: And if you see, Chris, Sadara’s first quarter results were relatively flat with last year. We are taking lots of actions Sadara and Aramco and Dow to make sure that they can continue to deliver performance similar to last year and we put into model $500 million which is our contribution to repayment of principal for the year. So that’s how much cash we’ll be looking at putting in this year. 
Jim Fitterling: Yes, Steve. So let me try to hit it and then ask Howard if I miss anything to comment. So, it isn’t - I think most people go to this and say that it’s headcount-related. We have tried not to do that. Obviously, we’ve got almost all of our plans learning today. So, we are trying to support our customers. We are idling some capacity. But we aren’t laying off people in order to do that.  We’ve cut discretionary spend and then obviously, big buckets of spend like travel and other things are near zero. And so, there has been a shift in some of the spending. We’ve moved out some turnaround activity. Factories with it obviously some discretionary expense that goes along. And so, we’ve looked at different types of activities like that where we can cut discretionary spend out and we’ve got that modeled out for the rest of the year.  But we haven’t given that this is a pandemic and one of the biggest challenges around the world has been the number of people that are unemployed. We have not tried to add to that, because that’s a burden right now for a lot of governments around the world. 
Jim Fitterling: Arun, I think, we’ll get back to the growth playbook as we mentioned in the script. And I think it’s just a matter of timing here. So, it doesn’t make sense right now to continue to plough cash and capacity when the demand in Europe and North America and Latin America has slowed down, because people are staying at home.  So that’s why we are taking some of the actions that we are taking right now. It’s just to balance that demand. But that demand will come back. People are not going to stay at home forever. We are helping governments right now with safe ways to return to work and we are operating safely. 14,000 Dow people go to the sites every day and we are operating safely and people are healthy.  So, we know it can be done. But it’s just going to take some time before the consumer confidence to come back and that’s why we are doing what we are doing. Downstream, expansions in our Industrial Solutions and in our Functional Silicones products are still continuing. Systems House will come back as the automotive business and the Installation and Construction business comes back and we’ll continue to look at downstream on plastics. 
Howard Ungerleider: I’ll wait for you - the CEO math. Hey, Jeff. Good morning. So, look, the P&L tax rate that we published this morning for Q2 and for the full year is between 30% and 35%, slightly higher than what we had guided to earlier and really three issues, lower equity earnings, different geo mix of earnings and then some discrete items.  But I would say, on your question on tax. Tax is lower than that range. I would guide you to something in the mid-20s. 
Howard Ungerleider: And Hassan, on your CTO, MTO question, I would say about $6.5 million of that $21 million is CTO, MTO, which with oil below 50 bucks that’s – those are really stressed assets. 
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, yes. Hey, John. Good morning. On the $350 million, I would say, I would look at about 20% of that realized in the second quarter and then, the 80% pretty evenly split between the third quarter and fourth quarter, maybe a little bit of a lighter third quarter and a heavier fourth quarter just as we continue to take those cost out.  Relative to Sadara, look these, if the naphtha margins hold, you’ll actually see a margin expansion in Sadara as the second quarter progresses. And then on the cost out, the team continues to do a good job of reducing cost pretty evenly through the year.  In fact, if you looked at our equity earnings in the first quarter, it was a one JV that actually was flat or up on the same quarter last year or prior quarter basis and that’s really because, they saw the same thing that all of the other JVs saw, which was some margin compression, because of the demand disruption. But they were able to offset that with the cost.  The other thing that they are also working on is just the sell up. Remember, we brought 26 operations on pretty much in about a twelve month period. So we sold them out. But now we’ve got to sell them up until the teams are working on that and that’s not going to be a one or two quarter activity. But that’s over the course of about three or four years. 
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Frank, good morning. Look, we are really smart. I don’t know that we factored in a pandemic into the Monte Carlo simulation. But let me use the current most bearish Wall Street number that’s out there on our 2020 earnings around $5.1 billion, $5.2 billion of EBITDA. If you take out interest and taxes, that leaves you with about $4 billion. And then, from there you got a $2.1 billion dividend.  You’ve got what we said today was $1.25 billion of CapEx and $500 million of Sadara. So, you’ve got plenty of room even if that bearish number to do just with operating earnings and more than cover the dividend. We are also working on the non-operating side of the house.  So, part of our cash flow in the first quarter was the $250 million that we got from the Nova judgment, on the tax side, obviously, if earnings are that kind of depressed and oil was down, we are going to see at least a $500 million release in cash on working capital.  And then, we’ve got some of the other non-operating things that we are working on which is the all-in payments that’s expected in contractually obligated at the end of the year of about $500 million. So, even at that level, we are more than comfortable and adequately able to cover that dividend and we’ve got $12 billion of committed liquidity including $3.6 billion of cash on hand. 
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, so, look, I mean, what we said in the prepared remarks this morning, we are very pleased that Sadara got that last remaining rail agreement, logistics agreement signed. That is the final substantive step to achieve PCD.  Now, we have a series of, what I would call administrative steps that Sadara has got to work through things like registration of their security docking until the lenders, verification of the project cost and some of those other things.  Those should be well underway as we approach the end of the second quarter if not completely done. As a result of the logistics agreement being done, the Sadara, Saudi Aramco and Dow Treasury teams have jointly begun the lender reprofiling discussions. In fact, those discussions got actively started this week.  I would say, for modeling purposes, it’s going to take the balance of the year to make that happen. You’ve got ECAs in the mix, you’ve got the co-financing and you’ve got international banks. So it’s going to be a complicated discussion.  And that’s why we say look, $500 million of cash this year in line with last year makes sense from a modeling purpose standpoint. But we are pretty focused on making sure that we get that done by the end of the year. That is the goal. 
Howard Ungerleider: We’ve also done a fair amount of digitalization as we brought the DuPont assets in and set up four regional back-office centers. One in China, one in the Netherlands, one in the U.S. here in Michigan and then another in Sao Paulo. So, we’ve been able to do a lot of streamlining, as well. 
