Colleen Kay: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss the fourth quarter financial results for Dow. We are making this call available via webcast and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow’s website and through the link to our webcast. I’m Colleen Kay, Investor Relations Vice President for Dow. And joining me on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dow’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dow’s Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties, which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today, and on the Dow website. On Slide 2, you’ll see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin with the fourth quarter and full year highlights and will discuss the company’s operating segment performance. Howard will share an update on Sadara and then provide our market outlook and modeling guidance. He will also outline Dow’s digitalization acceleration plans. Finally, Jim will provide an update on our sustainability initiatives and market growth opportunities that are helping to further advance our competitive advantage in 2021 and beyond as the economic recovery progresses. Following that, we will take your questions. With that, I will turn the call over to Jim.
Colleen Kay: Thank you, Jim. Now let’s move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Colleen Kay: Thank you, everyone, for joining our call today. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow’s website within 24 hours. This concludes our call. Have a great day.
James Fitterling: Yes, Bob, I think as the year progressed, we saw continued strong demand in polyethylene. And toward the end of the year, we saw ethylene start to tighten up and ethylene margins improve. And so that led to some pretty sharp increases in the fourth quarter. You saw PE margins were up in the fourth quarter, about $0.07 a pound in the U.S., about $0.13 in Europe, and up about $0.10 in Asia. I think the other thing that happened was as those ethylene margins increased here, you had some wintertime activities that drove some of the cost to manufacture up in China. So you saw competing technologies like cold olefins, where coal prices were up to $200 a ton, mainly because of a polar vortex and the fact that they were having some squabbles with the Australians about coal imports. So they weren’t able to get it. We also saw LNG exports and LNG demand up sharply throughout Europe and also into Asia. And so that helped. Demand strength on top of the fact that you had these rising prices and inventory levels were low, really all came together to drive that. And by the way, demand still continues to look good in the first quarter, inventory levels are still low, operating rates are good. In the U.S. Gulf Coast, our operating rates were in the mid-90s in the fourth quarter. So we are going to continue to see, I think, good margins in the PE business.
James Fitterling: Yes. Good morning PJ. Look, I think you think about sustainability for us from an electricity standpoint on two fronts. We have a lot of electricity uses that are not for the crackers. And obviously, there, we are looking to alternatives, wind and solar, to replace current capacity. And those are cost competitive today. And so we have made a big move in that direction. We have about 580 megawatts of alternative energy under a contract. And we are increasing every year. Our goal is to have 750 megawatts or more by 2025. And I mentioned some of the sites on the script that will go through that. The second thing I would say is in the crackers, we are looking at a combination of things, not just electrification. We have a partnership with Shell going on right now to try to prove out electric cracking. That is a longer term development. In the near term, we are also working on a form of fluidized catalytic cracking to go from ethane to ethylene. I’ve talked about our FCDH process to make propylene out of propane. We are piloting that in Louisiana. That will be built this year and up and running next year. And we believe that can give us a 20% reduction at least in CO2 emissions and a very good scale technology. We can achieve economies of scale at maybe 150,000 tons per year kind of CapEx. If you look at what we are doing in parallel, we are looking at EDH. And that could have the potential to reduce our emissions by 40% or more, still using gas as a feedstock in the crackers or gas as a fuel and the crackers. So we have got several technologies that we are looking at, and we are also looking at blue hydrogen also as a way to try to get a more concentrated CO2 stream so that we can combine that with carbon capture and sequestration to be able to reduce carbon emissions.
James Fitterling: Good morning David, thanks for the question. The markets that I mentioned, automotive, furniture, and bedding, appliance and construction are very solid right now. In the energy space, the oil and gas space, it is a little bit challenging. And so we see the trajectory that we had in isocyanates and polyols in the second half continuing to move up in first quarter due to supply limitations. It is hard to keep things on the shelves like mattresses and furniture, while we have got these strong housing drives that are going on. We are seeing the automotive sector come back. Obviously, we saw it big electric vehicles, we have set records in 2020, and I think we are going to crush those in 2021. But internal combustion engine vehicle is coming back as well. And that is good demand and strong order patterns, even without some of the bigger capital-intensive markets being back on stream. So like the large-scale industrial construction, those types of markets. So I think we have got a good demand at and ahead of us. Housing starts is a very, very solid sign, highest we have seen since 2006. So that drives a lot of content for our products.
James Fitterling: All right. Thanks, Vincent. I would say 2021, we are seeing strength in some of those specialty growth rates right now. So I think building and construction is going to be probably up in the 3% to 4% range. Electronics, 6% or more. Industrial, up 9%. Industrial was off quite a bit last year. Mobility, maybe up 11%. Home and personal care will still be up, even though probably not as high as 2020 because you had some of that pre-COVID buying and that surge that we saw in the third quarter, second quarter to third quarter. And I do think personal care will come back. I think it will come back probably up 4%. We are taking advantage of - we had some scheduled turnaround time in first quarter last year when the pandemic hit in China. We are actually completing that work right now in China. So that is got some siloxanes capacity offline. But because building and because the high-end personal care demand haven’t been there, that is been okay. So we will get those things done in this quarter. The other thing we have been doing is debottlenecking a lot of our downstream capacity. So we have done a lot of projects downstream to get our what we call our specialties business ready. And I think we are getting ahead of what will be some pent-up demand once we hit an inflection point on these vaccinations. Certainly, people are tired of being at home. They want to travel. They want to get back to life as normal, and that will open things up. And we are gearing up that we should see some of that in the second half of the year.
James Fitterling: Yes. Thanks, Frank, for the question. On an average, for the whole company, we were above 80% operating rates for the fourth quarter, and we continue that strength into the first quarter. We were at higher levels than that in our Packaging & Specialty Plastics business. The crackers ran very strong, as I mentioned, in the Gulf Coast. But actually, we saw good performance around the globe, and it continues to tighten up. And you noticed that MEG prices are also starting to rise. So that is really making things move there. We also saw a big step-up in Industrial Solutions. So they are running strong, and we have got new capacity coming to support their growth this year. We had less performance in siloxanes, and that is the one that has the big upside, which I talked about with Vincent’s question in the second half. And then polyurethanes and construction chemicals got back to the 80-plus percent operating rate in the fourth quarter, and that continues into this year. So we still have upside to deliver. We are going to continue to run the assets hard. We have been spending on reliability to make sure that we can deliver more out of those assets. Texas 9 has been a stellar asset in terms of its production. And we have done a lot of work on debottlenecking and reliability in some of the other spaces. So I think we are in a good room for the rest of this year.
James Fitterling: Yes, right, we have seen some shipping rates on marine pack cargo, primarily due to the fact that you have got a container dislocation. China has had some pretty high export levels. And so some empty containers have been moving back to China. Mostly that is been reported in the Ag sector, not so much in the plastic sector. I think our supply chains are pretty well stocked in terms of containers, but we keep a close eye on it. So I don’t anticipate anything that is long-lasting. I think we will work through this. And they just assigned some of the supply chain imbalances. China came back fast from COVID, and we are coming back now. And so things can, from time to time, get dislocated.
James Fitterling: Thank you for the question, Hassan. I think you are on the right path. We not only beat in the fourth quarter, but we guided higher. I want Howard to walk you through the first quarter guidance, and I think that is instructive to the way you are looking at the year.
James Fitterling: Yes. I think the first half looks solid. And I believe that as we get more people vaccinated around the world, I think we are going to see more economies open up and things get back to more normal types of activity.
James Fitterling: Good morning John. Let’s walk through capital allocation priorities real quickly. Still, first and foremost, is safely and reliably operate the plants. That costs us about $1 billion a year. Continues to support that dividend, that is about $2 billion to $2.1 billion a year. We have got some further incremental deleveraging that we need to do in 2021, keep us on trajectory with what we have committed to the ratings agencies. We have got additional priorities to make sure that we are ready for the, I think, the pent-up demand that is coming as we reach these vaccination rates. So we have bumped up incremental growth CapEx. And as Howard said, we will have some cash to buy back shares toward the end of the year to cover dilution. Although if you look at our share count, we have been very steady since the spin. And now on top of that, to your point, most of the divestitures and the cash generation have been taking assets that are nonrevenue generating, where there are infrastructure companies out there today that value those and can use those as a growth platform and liberating those from our balance sheet, we will continue to do that. On the other side, we will look at bolt-on M&A. We have talked about that being not in the billions, but smaller. And that is where we can bring in a technology or a gap in our platform and take advantage of our global footprint to really rapidly grow that as well as get that into our machine and get some economies of scale out of it. So those are some of the things we are looking at, and there are areas that are driven by the market trends that we are seeing on building and construction, mobility space, 5G, these are some of the areas where we want to continue to try to build in the areas of adhesives, sealants, coatings types applications.
James Fitterling: Right. I think we get back primarily to feedstock and what is going to happen with feedstock volatility. And, of course, we saw such huge volatility in oil last year. Most of our feedstock is natural gas liquids. And gas production has been very resilient. And I think gas production is going to continue to be strong next year. We didn’t see much of a decrease last year, maybe 10%, and we are already getting back to the levels that we had prior to the COVID pandemic. The other thing that people aren’t forecasting in some of the natural gas outlooks is the fact that there are so many drilled and uncompleted wells out there, and companies are moving up the learning curve on being able to get those wells completed. And so I think that is going to bring back a lot of supply in the back half of the year. Even with that ethylene tightness I talked about, even with propane going up because of wintertime and even with naphtha going up because you didn’t have as much refining capacity, the reality was ethane was still in supply, even at 75%, one million BTU crack spread. And I think it is going to continue to stay that way, that natural gas production is going to bring back more ethane to get split out here. So I feel good about our position. We have the capability to capture that better than anybody in the industry. And I think we are in for a year ahead where our view, natural gas is kind of range bound and $3, one million BTU is probably the high end.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Good morning Jeff. The two best owner infrastructure sales of a little bit more than $900 million, if you add them together between the marine one that we did this past quarter and the fourth quarter, and then the rail infrastructure that we did in the third quarter. And then I would probably top it up to $1 billion with some of the other miscellaneous land sales and asset sales that we did that were smaller.
Howard Ungerleider: No. Maybe just to put some math on the turnaround numbers. I mean, last year, we really crunched down the number of turnarounds. This coming year, we will have about $400 million of higher turnaround spending. $300 million of that in our core business, about $100 million in our joint ventures. And as Jim said, that the bulk of that is going to be in Q1, Q2 and Q3. So just to factor that into a bit of a headwind, Laurence.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Jonas, look, thanks for the question. I mean, I couldn’t be prouder of the Dow, the Saudi Aramco and the Sadara team. It is about 18-months worth of work that got us to this point where we have got the agreement in principle with the entire lending syndicate of commercial banks, ECAs as well as the Sukuk investors. So we have got a five-year great period where no principal is due until June of 2026. We have matched the principle from 2026 out to 2038 with the projected earnings and cash flows. And in terms of the next five-years, on a 100% Sadara basis, you are looking at about between $300 million and $350 million of interest expense. So our share would be about $100 million to $125 million a year. But I would say based on Sadara’s current performance as well as all the plans that they have in place, they will be cash flow self-sufficient for this year and going forward. So we do not expect to put any cash into Sadara. So that is a $350 million tailwind year-on-year.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Hassan. I mean, we think about it in a very similar way as you. But I mean, look, let’s start one quarter at a time. So if you go from Q4 where we printed the [178] (Ph) from an EBITDA perspective and you look at your comment about margins expanding, you look at polyethylene margins, isocyanate margins, MEG margins, I would bucket about $250 million of higher EBITDA sequentially between all three of those chains just because of your point about ending the year at higher margins and margins moving up. Then I would say you got to take two deducts. There is about $50 million of higher turnaround spending sequentially, really related to the Zongjian plant in China in the siloxanes plant that Jim talked about in the prepared comments. And then there was about $50 million of onetime items that we had in fourth quarter that won’t recur. A couple of land sales as well as an IPO that happened that we were able to monetize in or out of our venture capital. So overall, earnings are going to be up sequentially, and your point is right. They should be up year-on-year. I think the open question, and Jim, maybe give some comments on the back half of the year. But all things right now are pointing up.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I mean, look, I would point you to the full year 2021 modeling guidance slide, but just a couple of the high points. So CapEx is going to be $350 million higher. Mandatory pension will be flat. The restructuring program will be about a $350 million cash outflow, but we won’t have any outflow. We finished the DowDuPont separation. So those basically offset each other. On the digital side, we will spend about $150 million, but Sadara will be $350 million tailwind as I talked about. The dividends from our JV companies will be down about $200 million just because we get those dividends from - in about a year in arrears. So with earnings down in 2020, we will see dividends down in 2021, but that should reverse in 2022. And then I would say, look, we had a number of non-operating cash flows in 2020, and we are probably not going to be able to deliver the same number because that was a big number. We delivered $5 million of free cash flow out of this machine, which was the best performance since 2013 on an apples-to-apples basis as best you can construct it, but we will have additional tailwinds. So we are working on additional structural improvements in working capital. In the fourth quarter, you saw some of that shine through. We had working capital be a source of cash, even though sales was up, which is hard to do. So we will look to get another $250 million or $300 million of structural improvement in working capital. We still have the top-up payment from the second Nova litigation. That is still going through the court. So we will see if that is a 2021 event, but that should still be several hundred million dollars. And then we are still working on best owner lens that don’t sail. So I don’t have a number for you. But if we are able to deliver on those projects, that should also be several hundred million dollars, probably in the back half of the year.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I mean, Arun, good morning. What I would say is, look, our target, which has been our target since before spin is really a long-term rating agency adjusted net debt-to-EBITDA target of between 2.5 and three. And so we are above that today by about 150 basis points, really mainly because of the lower EBITDA as well as the lower interest rates, which really drove another $1 billion increase on the pension side of the house. So we still have some work to do, and that is why we are going to do about $1 billion roughly of deleveraging. It is our target for 2021, on top of all the other things that I said. But we understand your point, and we agree with it. And certainly, as earnings continue to improve, we will take another hard look at share buyback at a minimum to cover dilution. And then we will see how the back half of the year goes. We will all see how some of those best owner projects that we are working on goes. And if we have excess cash, we will use that excess cash, aligned with Jim’s capital allocation priorities that he walked through earlier.
