Andrew N. Liveris: The latter, John. Clearly, the latter. We have not cut into muscle. We still have lots of funds for growth. We're just being strict to portfolio and prioritization, especially against Western Europe lags. So some of the more commodity-oriented businesses in Western Europe, for example, are being de-resourced. And we will assess as the year goes by how much of that is a structural fix versus; just a temporary fix.
Andrew N. Liveris: With notable exception in Plastics where we actually pushed price in the quarter. We, in early November, as a team, put our heads together and pushed volume. We basically made the decision that this was a temporary restocking event, that this wasn't structural, that as a consequence of that, all of our low-cost positions around the world, notably the U.S., should be maximized in terms of operating rate. So we started pushing volume around the world where growth was -- is, and that absolutely, totally helped the operating rate.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So obviously, the margin recovery from the, let's call it, north of $0.90, the ethylene margins are starting to come back quite substantially here in the United States based on the ethane number. I think this morning, it was around $0.54, from memory. Look, Don, this is a little bit of hit and miss in the first half because it's still fairly tight based on demand. But of course with turnarounds, I mentioned in the script, turnarounds are coming in Q2, so we should expect to see some tailwinds on this current margin through the first half. I think the really positive margin expansion will come when structurally all the ethane comes on in the second half, late second half and for sure to 2013. The $6 billion, 2 new pipelines, lots of fractionation coming on. So we believe that this point you're making about where it will start to mimic fuel-value relationships, I think, will be for sure in 2013 but some tailwinds going into second half and some good, good margin expansion in the second half.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, we are. And of course, they've got the extra issue of high naphtha. So they're really struggling in the price increases out there. So there's a price increase environment as well as good demand going on in the order book mostly because of post-Chinese New Year. As we said we would, it's really picking up. Actually, demand was going up going into the holidays this year.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, I think if you stay within the polyethylene envelope, I think is a very similar previous answer to Don. I think you're going to see price power plus good volume demand based on Asian dynamics as well as U.S. dynamics with exports. Probably mid-quarter, we'll see some good tailwind on margin expansion, but you won't see it annualize to usual numbers until Q2. So we -- there are, in fact, some headwinds going on. Clearly, we also, for Dow, we have turnarounds at the industry, so we won't have the full force of the operating rate until Q2, until those turnarounds are done. Q2 is the big spike in turnarounds by the way. But -- so we're cautious on Q1 but a little more bullish on Q2 and strong on back half of the year. Just to remind you, of course, outside of those envelopes, there's a C3 headwind that we're facing, and we're cautious on Electronic Materials recovery in Q1, so that's as a whole company as well as still a weak construction sector. But PE, polyethylene and Performance Plastics should get tailwind starting really probably like December. They'll have price increases in the first quarter, and we should see good tailwinds throughout the year.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, the previous answer to my previous question, we had to make a structural decision. Do we bring down plants, take that cost? Or do we cover variable costs and move off low-cost positions? So our company went into strong volume year in November.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So propylene in our view is starting to increase because of its alternative value, and gasoline has risen dramatically since January, effective price settlement for February. In fact, there's a propylene producer out there nominating a $0.22 per pound increase in February. CMAI estimates $0.12. We believe propylene will stay elevated because of these dynamics through the early summer. That adds a lot of emphasis in our Performance Materials group, particularly polyurethanes but beyond that to really get strong pricing increases out there, which is what our mode is. Epoxies will be challenged though because of operating rate and epoxies not supporting strong price increases, especially in allylics and phenolics. So that will be a headwind for us, but PU will be -- is pushing price increases as are all the other propylene derivatives. But it will be tough margin operating territory for the first half. Cost interventions will start taking hold to help margin expansion in the second half.
Andrew N. Liveris: But polyols as a whole is doing very well, which is a very strong statement. So that means beyond just automotive. Yes, automotive, as we've seen with our auto companies. The automotive companies are coming off their bottoms and doing well. But we're seeing good use of polyurethanes in polyols in order -- in bedding, in furniture, so that implies good consumption at the consumer level in Asia in particular and the growth regions and some in the United States. In the U.S., we're seeing good use of polyurethanes in energy efficiency end use for our formulated systems.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, Peter, that's a great question. Thank you. The 3-legged stool of the company, 2 legs have become very strong. The feedstock advantage position in the United States and Canada, with currently good old Canada, North America and our position in the emerging world, Argentina and soon Saudi Arabia 2015 and beyond gives us a very strong leg there. Second, the integration to downstream businesses whether it be polyurethanes or polyethylene and all the Plastics that will go into packaging, et cetera, very, very strong leg and then the third leg, which is the innovation agenda. But all of that has now given Dow 3 very strong legs. On top of that, our well-known operating efficiency. So this is a little bit of your mother and father's Dow combined with tomorrow's Dow. There was an article in Wall Street Journal today about whispering plastics in someone's ear. I think our type of plastics, high tech solution polyethylene going into high-end use markets and our integrated position down the chain in key markets, in emerging markets, gives Dow very strong 3-legged stool.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So the $2 billion I referred to in just the feedstock advantage alone, we have $2 billion innovation agenda. So that's $4 billion of decline from '10 to '15. So what we're talking about here is we're on track for the '15. We're on track for the '10, and we certainly are on track to deliver, I guess, our commitments this year, resolute focus on that trajectory.
Andrew N. Liveris: The enormity of the case. It's from a legal point of view -- I mean, you saw the Exxon case just recently. This is very much bigger than that case even. So I can't speak to the court system in -- the arbitration panel system in Britain or for that matter, the international court. It's -- this is just a very big case. So there's no speculation here because of any issue on outcome. It's all just the enormity of it. We don't control the time, but it's days and weeks, not months.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So we talked about this a bit. We certainly aren't going to reveal our own hand, because there's a lot of guys out there in the business production and pipeline to have their views on things. And what we like about all of this, Andy, is that we're by far the largest consumer. So our U.S. Gulf Coast consumption of ethane, for example, is 115,000 barrels a day. So we're not going leave our sales market exposed in case the impossible happens, which in my view, you should never say it never can happen. And that is we get LNG global netback pricing into the United States. If that ever happens, the U.S. has done a very nice job of shooting itself in the foot, we can't rely on politics nor export terminals being built and for that matter, restraint supply. So we are working on ways to hedge and hedge so that we're not exposed to that dynamic.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, I mean, you heard my 3-legged stool commentary earlier. And so clearly, one big leg of the stool is innovation and downstream and value add. Look, I think this whole commodity versus specialty thing is yesterday's conversation. I think today's conversation is who's got the scale to take the value add of low-cost feedstocks all the way to value add in the marketplace to be a diversified, integrated industrial in the space that takes material science, biological science and chemical science to value add based on low-cost positions and scale that can afford the R&D. In my view, that is new space in the, let's call it, the domain of value add, and the value add comes from 2 big bites: the bite of the feedstock end and the bite at the value-add customer end. That's the company we're creating. I'm not going to chase some multiple, Andy. I'm going to chase results. And we're going to, as I said on the call, deliver all this cash and reward our shareholders handsomely.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So last question first. Just a little correction, we're not going to build a greenfield, we're going to build a brownfield. It will be a world-scale, ethane-based cracker. And we've announced that we're working on location, most likely Texas. And we are working to consume as much of that excess ethane that you've just talked about as we can. And your first question then, if you look at Alberta, if you look at Conway hub and if you look at what can be in the U.S. Gulf Coast, I think you've got yourself 2 analogs. I think the fractionation of the pipelines will create excess supply. We are by far the biggest demand. And we're going to participate in the distribution. We'll also buy and resell ethane to make your point. So yes, as it's only use, we will expand against -- that's the $4 billion program we announced. We will expand, and you can count on us putting a world-scale cracker in place to use that ethane for value-add uses for Dow. And our view is we can bring that on in the 2016, 2017 timeframe.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, we definitely believe that this new sub-$3 per million Btu natural gas number is not sustainable for that exact reason. So we see -- we still see natural gas in the United States climbing back to the $4 to $6 range through the decade to enable the cost of producing the shale, the natural gas from shale to obviously achieve breakeven and a return to the drillers. It doesn't affect the current stuff that's being put in place for NGLs. NGLs is still a very high return for everybody. In fact, you've got lots of producers who want to produce the gas just for the NGL. So it really comes back to the earlier question that Andy asked, which is how can we lock in the NGL advantage while there's excess NGLs over these next last couple of years. And you can really, really count on us to be working on that.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. Clearly, clearly propane is a completely different dynamic. I -- you're exactly right, propane unlike ethane dynamic. So PDH, for us, is a no brainer. I mean, we have announced the 2 world scales. We are moving on the first one, and we'll move on the second one. We'll become 90% integrated as a result, and all value-add downstreams and propane will be exported from the United States for a long time.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes. So any global has the ethylene glycol capacity, as you know. We have our polyethylene plants up there, solution polyethylene as well as couple of swing trains. And we clearly, clearly have a advantaged position as I mentioned on an earlier question, the lowest cost, actually, in North America. We're working with MEGlobal on exactly your question. So they are keen on expanding. We are too and for the same reason, which is exports to Asia. And so we will have more to say on that in the next 6 to 12 months, but you can count on us having that same view on Canada as we do on the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, so look, I look forward to follow-up questions, and, of course, thank you for the ones that did get in. We had a very good year in 2011. And the drumbeat of Dow is to continue to grow earnings and to grow our EBITDA. We have some tailwinds with the line of questions on ethane and hydrocarbons in our U.S. Gulf Coast position, our Canadian position and of course our Argentinian position. But we also have a diversified portfolio that is growing in the emerging world. 35% of our revenues coming from the emerging world is something for you guys to pick as -- to take notice of. That's $19 billion of revenue and growing at double-digit rates. So we believe that 2012 will be yet another year in our march to $15 billion. And we thank you for your great interest and support, and we look forward to more conversations and of course, rewarding our shareholders.
