Neal Sheorey: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss the second quarter financial results for Dow. We're making this call available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow's website and through the link to our webcast.  Speaking on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dow's Form 10 as well as our Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today are on a pro forma basis. And all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We'll also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today and on the Dow website. On Slide 2, you'll see our agenda for the call. Jim will start with an overview of Dow's second quarter performance and highlights. Howard will then move into a financial overview of the quarter and will also provide some comments on modeling guidance. Jim will then cover the results for each of our operating segments, and we'll close with a discussion on our forward-looking view. Following that, there would be plenty of time for your questions.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Jim. 
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Jim. With that, let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions. 
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, everyone for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow's website later today. This concludes our call. Thank you. 
James Fitterling: Thanks, Neal, and thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning.  Starting on Slide 3. Our performance in the second quarter reflected the benefits of Dow's streamlined and more focused portfolio and our disciplined operational and financial management. It was a quarter that proved to be more challenging than many of us in the industry expected, and you've heard this from many of our peers in the past few weeks. In spite of this, the Dow team was able to deliver top and bottom line results that were in line with our guidance and consensus estimates. And despite the macro and end market volatility, we achieved core earnings growth sequentially when adjusting for our previously communicated higher planned turnaround spending in the quarter. Our second quarter results were enabled by proactive and deliberate action. First, we captured demand growth in select consumer markets where the conditions have remained strong. For example, we grew volume in plastic packaging applications both sequentially and year-over-year, supported by our new capacity on the U.S. Gulf Coast. And in our polyurethane systems business, we grew our volume year-over-year for the 24th consecutive quarter. Second, we made full use of our industry-leading feedstock flexibility. Favorable NGL feedstock trends helped us expand operating EBITDA margin in the P&SP segment as we utilized our ethane flexibility in the U.S. and our LPG capabilities in Europe.  Third, we continued to drive expense management. In addition to reduced discretionary spending, we delivered more than $175 million savings from cost synergies and stranded cost removal. You can see this traction in our numbers. In the second quarter alone, we drove $75 million of year-over-year savings in our combined SG&A and R&D. We've now delivered more than $1.1 billion of cumulative cost synergy savings since merger close and remain well on track to deliver the $600 million of synergy and stranded cost savings that we targeted this year. Fourth, we quickly put in place actions to further tighten our capital spending in the quarter. Not only was the second quarter CapEx spending below last year, but our first half spending was below trend relative to our full year target. We are taking additional actions to reduce Capex, which I'll cover later in the call. And fifth, we continued our focus on cash as we generated higher cash flow from operating activities and improved our cash conversion in the quarter. Part of our improvement was driven by a decrease in integration and separation cost outlays, which will continue to be a tailwind going forward. We remain on track to reduce this cash spending by $200 million to $400 million versus 2018. Taken together, this is a solid result by the Dow team, and it underscores our ability to adapt as market conditions evolve. Going forward, we will continue to take prudent actions to manage near-term macroeconomic challenges while preserving our long-term competitive advantages. I'll share more about our plans in my closing remarks.  I'll now turn it over to Howard to discuss our overall financial performance and modeling guidance. 
James Fitterling: Vince, yes, on polyethylene, operating rates and supply-demand balances, our view is that we've kind of been in a plateau here of about 87%, 88% operating rates in polyethylene globally. And I think we're going to continue to see that extend out over the next couple of years. Mainly, we went back and took a look at what's happened with projections on capacity adds since back to 2007. And when you look at that whole track record of what's reported versus what actually happened, there were 64 projects that were supposed to start up in 2019 or beyond. Only 18 of those could be tied back to that original forecast. And 13 of the 18 were supposed to come online already, and every single 1 of them has been pushed back from its original start date. So I think some of these projections, whether it's about ethane prices spiking at the back half of the year or whether it's about plummeting operating rates, are a little bit tough to understand. The market's growth is there. We had good growth in the quarter. We had double-digit growth in China both in polyethylene and in downstream silicones. So the market demand growth is there. And I think that the biggest issue really in the integrated chain has to do more with the ethylene supply-demand balances, and that's because everybody in the U.S. has been integrating and so that merge in ethylene has driven some of the margin out of the U.S. ethylene integrated margins. 
James Fitterling: And then we had an increase in cash from operating activities in the quarter, so that was up $200 million year-over-year. And we continue to come off of those integration expenses. We've got a lot of integration projects and separation projects, actually, that wind up third quarter, fourth quarter. So that sets us up nice for 2020. And we expect the year-over-year decline in those separation costs of about $1 billion next year. 
James Fitterling: Jeff, our view on polyethylene prices is they were flat in June. And I expect they'll continue to move sideways here into the third quarter.  Regarding Nova, our only discussions with Nova obviously are around settling the issue we've got with them over the E3 cracker, so we had no other discussions with them. 
James Fitterling: Yes. At the time, we saw a step-down obviously in China based on new capacity that came on in China in the siloxanes area. And so we saw that move down. And our view obviously is we were going to continue to invest downstream to convert more of our own siloxanes into finished materials. It's a little bit worse than we had forecasted at the time, and it's lasted a little bit longer than we had expected. But otherwise, everything else is on track. And the growth on the downstream silicones is on track. We had double-digit growth in China in the quarter. We had good growth around the world. So you see consumer markets like health and beauty care, you see large commercial, residential -- or large commercial buildings like skyscrapers and things, those continue to move forward. Some softness obviously in  applications that go into electronics and auto. But all else remains on track. 
James Fitterling: Yes. So butane was the cheapest, and we maxed as much butane as we could. In fact, in the quarter, we brought on a butane vaporizer in Louisiana to help us increase the amount of butane that we can put in there. So we continue to look at places where we can do that. It's a function of both how much butane can you get at a location and then how much can you vaporize to move into the cracker. So we'll continue to do that.  The other big move, obviously, recently, has been propane. So propane-naphtha spreads have widened. And we've been cracking some propane in the fleet as well, propane, ethane. Ethane had been favored most the second quarter, but just here recently, propane actually moved into the money, so we moved in a little bit there. Look, all the investments we've made over the last 5 years were not just growth oriented, they were also to expand our NGL capability and expand our flexibility, and that's paying off. And the propane trend that I mentioned really has a big impact on Europe. So we've been back to maxing LPG cracking in Europe for most of the year.  I would say I think the rest of the balance is on destocking, inventories are coming down, working capital is coming down. I think people are being a little bit more hand to mouth in their purchases. People are not being very speculative. And so we see that. I don't think that there's been any dramatic increase in any inventories in any part of the world. 
James Fitterling: Right. Let me just talk about the market macros first, and then I'll have Howard then make a few comments on stress testing because it will tie back to what we talked about on last call about the work that we did on setting up the new Dow. I think the market is really kind of 2 different markets right now. So if you look at it geographically, China and Europe are having some big pressure right now more so than the U.S. So the U.S. economy is holding up relatively better. However, if you look at it from a market standpoint, automotive is down from last year. Last year was obviously a peak year for global light vehicle production, and we are down and those forecasts have continued to be revised down for the year. That has a lot of direct impact, but then it has an awful lot of indirect impact on content that hits our industry. Electronics are down, so it's the seventh consecutive month we've seen a contraction in new orders for electronics. That hasn't been that way since 2012. Home builds, the sentiment around Architectural Billing Index (sic) [ Architecture Billings Index ] is down about 400 basis points year-over-year. And durable goods have been down 3 of the last 4 months. And to me, this is the confidence factor in the market. And we typically see when people are concerned about the outlook, individual consumers, they tighten up on big-ticket purchases, and so that's reflected. The consumer nondurable side, health and beauty care, packaging purchases, things that people do every day, go out to eat, these kind of things, those number -- retail numbers are looking pretty good. And packaging silicone formulations, coatings formulations, PU systems, that's holding up pretty well. So I don't think we're in a recession. It doesn't feel like we're in a recession. I do think a trade resolution would bring some confidence back into people and brighten the outlook. And confidence is huge in these markets.  Howard, may be just a little recon on cash and the focus on cash which we did this quarter to make sure that we are generating good operating activity cash flow. 
James Fitterling: Sure. I think at a high level, Dylan, it delays in new cracker startups. And then some on-time and early startups of new fractionators. And what that did is obviously drove a change in what the forward outlook would be on that ethane curve. There is excess U.S. ethane supply throughout the period from now until 2023. So the balance is going to be long, and I think that hasn't changed. New cracker delays have taken that ethane down -- ethane demand down by about 275,000 barrels per day. So that means the inventories got bloated, and you saw frac spreads go -- they actually went negative at the end of the quarter. They are back to breakeven or maybe slightly positive. And honestly, I think they could stay here to maybe $1 frac spread in this near-term period. And a little bit will depend on the timing and success of some of these cracker startups. You've got good oil production out of the Permian, the Eagle Ford, the SCOOP, the STACK. Those are really close to Mont Belvieu. You've got 1.2 million barrels a day of new wide grade pipelines. They're going to feed Mont Belvieu by first quarter of '20. And then 6 new Gulf Coast fractionators have been announced for startup in early 2020, and those have a combined capacity of 800,000 barrels per day. 450,000 of that is purity ethane. So that's what's led to the situation that you've got here. Gas demand is going to be at -- gas inventories are going to be at a 5-year high -- or 5-year average at the end of this year. We haven't been there for the last couple of years. I think our view is we are going to see these kind of prices for ethane for the near term here. 
James Fitterling: Jonas, I think everybody had anticipated that with tariffs it would really shut off the whole China market. We haven't seen that. The demand for product in China has been strong. We were up double digits into China in the quarter. And I would also say you've got growth in other parts of the world which are sizable as well. So Southeast Asia, obviously coming. There's Africa. So I think there's enough market demand around the world that it hasn't forced that to happen. There are also some just built-in logistics hurdles here in the U.S. It's very much a railcar market, and so there's a delta that has to be maintained there and is protected there. But overall, I haven't seen that pressure on that. I think we've seen more pressure really on the ethylene market price on the integrated margins. And I think that's where we are going to continue to see that pressure until we see that derivative capacity and the links in the ethylene market really get back in line. 
James Fitterling: I think you're right, Hassan, that glycol pricing relative to last year is down almost as much as the drop we saw in oil price in the fourth quarter, about 35%, 40%. They have been pretty stable at these levels for quite a while. There is inventory in China obviously that the traders are trying to work down. You've seen some rate cuts at some of the higher cost manufacturers trying to dial down really to get their operating rates to balance demand. Polyester is running pretty well in China. So I haven't seen like a big demand drop on polyester in China. I think those operating rates are good. But I do think if trade came off, you would see some of the producers there being a little bit more aggressive. And some of the retailers here, specifically here in the U.S., would probably be a little bit more open to purchases and not looking to shift their supply positions to other countries away from China. 
James Fitterling: That's a good question, Nick. Typically, we see these kind of corrections in MEG would typically take, under a strong growth format, maybe a quarter to work through. And I think you'll see some of these traders under pressure to get this -- from a cash flow standpoint, to get this worked out by the end of the year. So I think that's why people have been making adjustments on operating rates to try to balance things out. I would be surprised if they would want to carry these inventories through the year-end. 
James Fitterling: Frank, I think some of these forecasts on pricing are really tough as you go out into the future. MDI has been stable at these prices. Even MEG being low, it's been stable at these prices. Siloxanes, I would expect maybe somewhere we thought that they might tick up a little bit, but they've been pretty stable as well. I would think for MDI to move up, you're either going to have to have some turnaround outages or you are going to have to see a real pull on the demand side of the equation to make that happen. Our outlook for them is flat. And I would just also say the forecast that we had on these ethane prices that they were going to go up dramatically at the end of the year, and we were not -- at that time, we were saying we don't see that happening. And as we sit here today, it didn't happen. So I just think in this macro environment, it feels like third quarter's going to be kind of a sideways quarter like second quarter. 
James Fitterling: Sure. Thanks, Kevin. Let me just touch the last one first. I think the biggest impact on internal consumption of our intermediates is really ethylene to polyethylene, ethylene to EO derivatives. We had historically been net short buying material. And as we've back integrated and take advantage of shale gas, we're using more of that for our own downstream consumption. So the reason we highlighted that on the release and in the speaking comments that Howard made is because that typically would have been trade sales of ethylene or some other product to the market, so with the revenue line can look lighter even though our downstream sales are good. And it's just an adjustment in those numbers.  On polyurethane, I think the biggest impact right now has been on automotive. So in automotive, seating and different parts that go into the auto industry, as those light vehicle builds have slowed down, that's kind of backed up some of that change.  Now systems going into things like spray foams, systems going into cold chain, refrigerated containers, going into insulation production for panels for especially commercial and big residential and commercial projects, that continues to look pretty good. And anything we can do into the adhesive space with the exception of obviously adhesives into automotive, which gets a little bit slowed down, has been pretty good. There are PU sales into appliances, so as those durable goods have slowed down, for example, in refrigerators and maybe in some panels for dishwashers and things, you will see a little bit of an impact there. I think that's the biggest impact on polyurethane. We'll continue to move more of those intermediates to downstream systems because we can work with the end-use customers to make finished products that really give them an advantage in their products and ability to capture higher value. And that's what we want to do long term, whether that's coatings, taking monomers into coatings or taking polyurethane intermediates into systems or taking more of our plastics into higher grade materials for packaging, health and hygiene, siloxanes into silicones, that's a consistent strategy. We're going to continue to do that across the board. 
James Fitterling: Right. So our target headcount for the new Dow, once we completed all of our streamlining -- and really to do this, we had done external benchmarking with the best of the best. Our idea was to be best in class competitive, was to get to a headcount of 37,000 globally. And we will be there at the end of this year. In fact, we've accelerated some of those moves that we've planned through the year. We've accelerated some of those. And so that's why you see cost synergy savings coming out in advance of what we've said. We always continue to take a look at that. Headcount is part of our fixed cost, but it is only a fraction of it. So when you get to the number of sites that we have around the world, you also have to look at contractual relationships, services and other things that we do. So there's a heavy emphasis right now in manufacturing, engineering and all of that. Peter Holicki and his team are obviously looking at what does the future Dow need to look like in terms of footprint. And where we have opportunities to consolidate we are doing that.  And then the rest of this $600 million of savings we got to come out through this year is really getting after footprint consolidation, I would say, outside of manufacturing into things like getting lab consolidations done, which we've done a lot of this year, for example, in Europe and here in North America, office buildings and other things. So we are making good progress on that, and we keep doing that. We were fortunate that we were already in this mode coming out of the spin so that we have the machine moving. And we could go in at the beginning of the second quarter and say this is going to be a tough quarter. We got to keep the pressure on. So we did put some incremental targets in front of them. And then on top of that, we're going to put the CapEx numbers down there. And we'll get them down to $2 billion this year. And if it gets worse, I don't expect it's going to get recessionary, but if it gets into that kind of frame, we still have room to move. 
James Fitterling: Yes, we did, John. Thanks for the question. We had a plant in Europe to take advantage of the link we had in ethylene there in and we had a plant in the U.S. Gulf Coast. What the business has done is gone and relooked at both of those projects. I think they do want to continue to pursue a U.S. Gulf Coast project because of the cost position that we have here. And they've decided to defer the one that's in Europe. And I would say postpone is the right answer. I think at some point in the future, it might make sense, but given all the things going on right now and the market outlook, it's probably not the right time to do that. 
James Fitterling: I'm going to keep it tight until I get better visibility on the market. I think we need to get a trade deal resolved to get some confidence back in the market, at least on the industrial side of things, right. I think the consumer is still strong. But on this industrial side of the market segment, and you've seen reports coming out from some big heavy equipment industrials that are also slowing down. We need -- those are high content uses for our materials. We need to see some pickup there. When we see some pickup there, then we'll take a look at what is the right time to move back in.  Meanwhile, those silicones projects, we have a couple of EO derivatives projects that are underway right now. This $150 million to buy back the other half of the Thai HPPO joint venture, these are high return projects and immediately accretive. So we're going to do -- I don't want to postpone those. Those are right in the sweet spot of what we need to do. And we've got to make sure that we maintain these assets and keep their reliability. All of our CapEx does not necessarily go just into growth, it also has to make sure that we improve our cost position through this cycle so that the next cycle we're able to weather the next cycle as well. 
