Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining Dow's fourth quarter earnings call. This call is available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments today. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow's website and through the link to our webcast. I'm Pankaj Gupta, Dow Investor Relations Vice President. And joining me today on the call are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements.  Dow's Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties, which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all financials where applicable exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today as well as on the Dow website. On Slide 2, you will see the agenda for our call. Jim will begin by reviewing our fourth quarter results and operating segment performance. Howard will then share our outlook and modeling guidance. And to close, Jim will then outline our competitive position for long-term value creation. Following that, we will take your questions. Now let me turn the call over to Jim.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions. 
Pankaj Gupta: I think that's all the time we have for today. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow's website within approximately 48 hours. This concludes our call. Thanks, everyone, for your time this morning. 
Jim Fitterling: Sure. Good morning, Vince. Thanks for the question. First, I think it's important to look back at the fourth quarter on PM&C and understand the fourth quarter. Coatings and Performance Monomers kind of got back to the normal fourth quarter seasonality that we would see, which a year ago was very different because we were still recovering from all the supply disruptions from winter storm URI and everything else that was associated with that. So I think you'll see that they'll come back to a more normal season in 2023. And you also saw the impact of destocking. Destocking in the fourth quarter represented, and this is across the businesses, about 50% to 60% of the slowdown that we saw in the fourth quarter. So I think the destocking is going to work itself through in the first quarter. And then I think you'll see us get back to normal seasonality there.  I do think positively on China for coatings and performance monomers. I do think we're seeing China opening up. We're not seeing issues with people coming to work. So I think we're optimistic that the government will probably try to stimulate the construction economy there, and we'll start to see that take off through the year. On silicones and siloxanes, you had two impacts. One was the market impact of things slowing, which was the lower siloxane prices that hit hardest in China, obviously, at the end of the year. The other one was self-inflicted. We happen to have all three of the silicones pillar plants, the siloxanes pillar plant down at some point in the fourth quarter. And that lower operating rate really hurt us. They're, all 3 back up and running. So I think that issue is behind us.  So I would expect you'll start to see siloxanes demand pick back up. We saw destocking in all the downstream areas in silicones, personal care, home consumer goods, and we also saw it, obviously, in building and construction. I think that will start to rebound as the year progresses.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning David. Very good question. Obviously, the European situation has been tough on all the European producers over this past year. In fact, if you think about the year-over-year performance for Dow for the full year, 60% of the decline in EBIT was related to Europe and that energy situation.  So this is very targeted. Incrementally, we saw a step change in the fourth quarter, obviously driven by the warmer winter and the inventory levels being back up. And they've done an admirable job, especially in Germany, of switching away from Russian natural gas over to other sources.  So that has helped. But we still have to take a look at long-term energy policies and work with the governments, both EU and the member states on energy policies because we're a long way away from long-term competitiveness in Europe. I would say the decisions we announced today around restructuring, right now, we've looked at locations that are going to be challenged in any scenario long term, and we'll take actions on those.  But on large sites, like our large cracker sites, we're still able to run cash flow positive, and we're working hard on that energy situation. We'll continue to analyze that through this year and see what kind of work we can do with the governments there to make them more competitive long term.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning P.J. Both good questions. I would say in Europe, I would think about it in two ways. First, I would think about the crackers. And I would say from a cracker economic standpoint, yes, on a naphtha basis, they have become incrementally the highest cost on the assets that are able to crack LPGs like Terneuzen and Tarragona and where utility costs are lower like in Spain. They probably are fairly competitive with that Asian situation.  So we haven't flexed as much up and down in Europe on the cracker operations. They've run at pretty steady rates throughout. We did flex up and down a bit when it got into our II&I business like polyols, polyurethanes, isocyanates in Europe, where the energy cost at STADA and Germany are much, much higher. And so what you would see there is we have some amount of that energy cost, that is very competitive and at a low rate, but then the increment is much higher. So we would run to that competitive rate. And I think that is what still continues to be in the front window and the thing that we have to address with the government. I would say on second part of the question, remind me.
Jim Fitterling: China. Yes. Look, I think it's going to be positive. We had growth in the fourth quarter in packaging, especially plastics and Industrial solutions. The places that were weakest for us were anything related to building and construction, so polyurethanes, construction chemicals, coatings and monomers, although that was fairly even quarter-over-quarter. And then Consumer Solutions because of the, as I mentioned, siloxane prices and also our asset being down there. For the year, we had growth in Packaging & Specialty Plastics, Consumer Solutions and Industrial Solutions, pretty good growth. And it was really construction businesses that were the most impacted. Construction is 25% of China's economy. It was off 40% last year. I'm certain that the government is going to try to stimulate that and get that going again. I don't know how fast it will happen.  As I mentioned, we're not seeing any big COVID spreads that are unmanageable right now. People are reporting into work, and I'm hearing this from other CEOs as well, people reporting into work, things are moving as expected. So I do expect we're going to see a little bit of positive move from China.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning Jeff. Good questions. On II&I, we actually had higher prices in polyurethanes and construction chemicals and it was volume that was the offset there. And remember, that business has a fairly large footprint in Europe and the input costs are much higher there and so that was part of it. We also saw that Industrial Solutions pricing held up relatively well. And again, it was volume that slowed. So both of them had very resilient prices but saw some volume slowdown and a little bit of currency impact. I'll let you answer the second part of that, Howard.
Jim Fitterling: Sure. Good morning John. Good Question. I would say it accelerated in December. We made announcement in October that we were going to reduce some operating rates in ethylene, polyethylene because of some logistics constraints and other things that happen. We saw better logistics in December. December was our best export month of the year for marine pack cargo, so that's positive. But at the same time, manufacturing activity in the last half of December really slowed. And so you could see that in the order pattern. And that stayed relatively slow the first half of January.  I do think we're seeing manufacturing activity come back right now. We're seeing that in the order book. I would not say that we're at a restocking state yet. But I do think as the quarter progresses, we will get there because second and third quarter are typically our highest volume quarters. And there is not a lot of excess inventory anywhere in the change right now. So I do think it's coming, but it isn't here as we sit here right now today.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Just to give you an idea, I would say, probably you saw because of destocking, you probably saw a 10% lower operating rate due to destocking. Rough numbers, Howard, where do you think, [indiscernible] million.
Jim Fitterling: Sure. Good morning Steve, good questions. 2,000 headcount reduction is not all specific to Europe, although Europe is a big part of the earnings decline that's driving us to take these actions.  The site and asset decisions we've made so far are really smaller locations, smaller scale locations where we know they will be challenged through the year. We haven't released a list of those we're working through that with the European Works Councils, et cetera, but we will be doing that as we get toward the end of this quarter.  But -- the $1 billion is really made up of two buckets: $500 million is structural cost reductions. That's the headcount reductions, that's productivity and end-to-end process improvement. So we're really building off that digital work we've done, and that would work on improving processes and customer service and then the asset decisions. And then $500 million will just be reduced spending, turnaround spend, which Howard had mentioned, $300 million, leveraging our volume on lower purchased raw materials, logistics and utilities because we do see some supply/demand imbalances and the ability to do that and just tightening the belt to this environment.  So I would say I don't -- it's not a haircut 5% of the workforce. It will be targeted, and we target around asset decisions. It will be targeted around businesses that need to tighten. It will be targeted around -- it's not just Dow headcount. We will have contractor reductions as well at the sites. And so we'll look at it that way.  On Mura, on our transforming the waste target. Right now, when we talk to you at Investor Day in 2021, the premiums vary by technology. But they continue to be greater than about $1,000 a metric ton. And the supply demand -- the demand is out there right now, and it's in excess of the supply.  I think as the supply increases, there will be pressure on that, obviously. But there's a big imbalance right now between what the consumer brand owners want and what's available out there. So I do think you'll see margin expansion in that part of the segment. There will be some higher costs we’re doing that, but there will -- I think the premiums will more than cover that.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Kevin. I think there has been enough, obviously, to give good momentum to these price increases in the first quarter. And so I think we will see the margins expand, as I mentioned earlier on one of the other questions.  From a supply side standpoint, it's also worth mentioning that I'm really proud of the team. After winter storm Uri, we took our playbook and we said, how do we -- if this happens again, how do we make sure that we don't have any production losses due to freeze? And we were able to navigate this freeze with winter storm Elliott, and we had no problems with polyethylene plants or crackers.  And right now, as we sit here, about 37% of the ethylene capacity in the Gulf Coast is still off-line. And so that's an advantage to us. And as Howard mentioned, the only issue we've had is with an industrial gas supplier at one of our sites in Louisiana for our Industrial Solutions business. That's been our only blip, and I don't think they did the same kind of work. I do think China, to P.J.'s question earlier, China is making an impact. We saw that in December. I think we're going to continue to see that in the first quarter. Inventories there are managed well. Inventories here, five consecutive months of reduction in the ACC inventory data inventory is 45 days. That's pretty standard inventory levels.  And I think everybody, not just converters, but consumers, brand owners, everybody in the value chain at the end of the year was watching inventories and managing cash into a slow end of the year. We had a pretty strong end of the year in 2021, and in 2022, we kind of reverted more to the normal slower end of the year dynamics.  We do have to keep an eye on capacity coming on. But I would say our outlook for the year is probably about the same amount of capacity off-line as last year. And so if demand kicks back up here and there's some restocking that happens, that will set us up well for second and third quarter.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, good morning. And thank you for the question. I think we'll see a little bit of demand improvement. But siloxanes prices have fallen to their lowest levels in some time at the end of the year, and so we start the year at those levels. I don't think we're expecting any immediate improvement. The downstream demand still continues to be good. Building and construction will be the thing that I think will start to tip it to the positive. So if we see a good rebound in building and construction in China, that should start to pull things to the positive and lift things up.  North America has been fairly resilient. And North America and Europe are typically slightly higher than the Chinese prices, and that continues to be the same case today. So I -- that's my outlook on siloxanes on. On MDI, I would say the biggest difference between what's reported in the markets on MDI in our view, is just what you believe about the RTO timing of some of the Chinese competitions, new plants that are coming online. I think our view is that, that's going to be stretched out over a longer period of time.  Most of what's reported would have all that 4 world-scale MDI facilities coming on in 2023. I don't think that's our view of how that's going to happen. That would be more spread over the 2023 to 2025-time period. And so I think that will take some of that pressure off of MDI.  Downstream demand for MDI and for systems and the application that it goes into is really good so I don't feel worried about that. That's purely what your assumptions are about -- that our new demand coming -- or new supply coming online and the time frame
Jim Fitterling: Good question, Chris. I would go back that this is the basis of obviously, the earnings corridor slide that we put together and we shared last year and at earnings day back in 2021. And so if you look at it, I think we look at the midrange of the kind of the through-the-cycle range as being what we target for the growth. And that's kind of how we report the growth. And then peak potential would be when you would see those scenarios like you mentioned with lower NGL prices and higher oil prices. Now like we got into with 2021 and the first half of 2022, that was kind of peak levels for plastics.  I do think the possibility exists that oil price is going to continue to be driving higher because we've had underinvestment in oil production, inventory is at the bottom of their five-year average. And if you started investing in oil production today, it would be three to five years before you would see any movement in that number. And I do think that any demand pull on that is going to start to move oil prices up, anything speculative that happens will move it up quickly because those inventory levels are so low.  Meanwhile, NGL production is continuing to grow at a pretty good clip. I think it's going to be up pretty substantially here in the United States this year. And so that keeps costs down on NGLs. And so that's positive. So Canada, U.S., Argentina, I feel good about the positions we have there. Obviously, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, we feel good about that. Our cracking into news and Spain. I think that's positive.  So you've seen the high watermark for plastics, delivered $8 billion of EBITDA which is right in line with what we've got here with peak potential, EBITDA range. And I think we're trying to get in other segments up to that peak potential as well. So I feel good about where we're going long term, and that's also one of the reasons we wanted to make the investment in Canada, if all the conditions are right, we want to make that investment to continue to leverage that position.  Hard to say what's going to happen with all that energy policy, plays a big part in it. I think the one thing that governments aren't correctly addressing is that all the things that we've passed for IRA, for new alternative technologies, that's all great. We're very supportive. It's a fantastic package. We also need some support for conventional oil and gas production because we are going to need a reliable power and natural gas is going to provide the low carbon reliable power for the foreseeable near future.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Thanks, Jim. And Hassan, thanks for the question. I would say you got the number right. I mean, it's around $1.2 million. At a high level, there's really 3 moving parts we expect Q1 on balance to look pretty much like Q4 with three discrete items. So as you know, our licensing business is lumpy. We had a large sale in the fourth quarter of $75 million that will not repeat in Q1. We're dealing with a third-party gas supplier in the Gulf Coast that's still having issues post winter storm Elliott that's impacting our DIS business, which is in our Industrial Intermediates segment. That's a $25 million sequential headwind. And then there's a $25 million sequential positive tailwind on lower turnaround expenses at the enterprise level. That's a $50 million tailwind in P&SP, but offset by a $25 million headwind in PM&C, which is the Deer Park asset.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Thanks, Jeff. Look, let's start with the fourth quarter on working capital. That was actually a tailwind versus the prior quarter, so sequentially of $1 billion and more than $400 million versus the same quarter last year. I would say it really depends on what's going to happen with feedstock costs and revenue growth. We're certainly expecting some volume growth as we move through the year, especially with Jim's comments on China reopening. And overall, global GDP growth is still expected to be positive of around 1.5%, which should drive some industrial production and should drive some growth.  You know that since spin, we've been very focused on working capital. We're continuing to target a couple of days of structural working capital improvement. So I would say, at a bare minimum, we're looking at $200 million to $300 million of working capital improvement 2023 versus 2022. I'm very proud of the Dow team on their focus on cash flow. When you look at what we've been able to do since spin, we have actually improved our cash from ops every single year, 2019 through 2022. And last year was $7.5 billion of cash from ops and $400 million better overall than 2021.  And so one of the ways we do that is work on working capital. We're also working on other unique to Dow cash flow levers. I estimate that is around inclusive of that $200 million to $300 million working capital, we're focused on $1 billion of pulling on $1 billion of unique to Dow levers. Working capital is certainly one of them. The other one, as you saw in the fourth quarter, we successfully concluded 1 of the 2 big novo litigations that we have. We're hopeful that we can solve the second one or resolve the second one in calendar year 2023. That could be another up to as much as $0.5 billion of unique Dow cash that we expect. And then we've got a few other projects that are in the works to round out that $1 billion.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, I would say 10 percentage points. And that's -- I mean, when you think about every percentage point. Yes, look, I would say it this way, Mike. When you look at the sequential decline in probably two-thirds of that EBITDA drop was because of the destocking. And then the other balance was really the seasonal -- just a seasonal sequential decline because we're in more of a Northern Hemisphere business. And obviously, our coatings business typically is a seasonal low point in the fourth quarter.
Howard Ungerleider: I would also just add that another bright spot that we see as we head into 2023 is the improving situation marine pack cargo and the ability to export out of North America. I mean, I can't speak for our peers, but certainly, we certainly have ramped our capability. And so that really should not be a bottleneck at least for the first half of the year, and don't have the visibility in the second half, but certainly as we ramp through the balance of Q1 into Q2, we should see increased marine pack cargo exports out of the U.S. 
Howard Ungerleider: I would also just say that, I mean, when you think about that earnings corridor of 6% to 12% and then moving to the middle of the decade into the $7 billion to $13 billion range with all the CapEx and OpEx investments we're making, if you just want to look at the mathematical average, right now, that's about a $9 billion normalized through the cycle. And then by the middle of the decade, that should be in the $10 billion range by the middle of -- in terms of the mathematical average in a normalized view by the middle of the decade. 
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, Frank, you're welcome. I just -- that really -- my answer on the previous question was really targeted, all The Nets and The Jets fans out there. I just want to let you know that, make sure that you can do that math. Just a joke. Look, the $1 billion as we look at the end of the year run rate exiting into 2024, that $1 billion should become about $1.4 billion. We haven't set the turnaround budget for 2024 yet, obviously. But I could imagine if we just revert to a normalized turnaround and that could be -- the turnarounds could be potentially $150 million or maybe $200 million higher in 2024 than 2023 if we do one more cracker turnaround. So that would be the order of magnitude that I would expect. But still improving -- overall, the cost improving versus 2023.
Howard Ungerleider: Oh, the cash -- we expect the cash outlay over the course of 2023 and 2024 to be roughly $800 million to $1 billion, in that range, about half this year probably and then the balance the other half in 2024. 
