Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Jim and turning to slide 25. I'd like to take a moment now to look back on the track record that Jim and Howard have both spoken of, of execution that Dow has delivered these last many years. It's a track record of consistent and reliable financial and operating performance that no other company in our industry can match. As I've mentioned, only two other companies in the entire Fortune 100 have. It's a track record achieved through the foresight result of a highly dedicated board and management team who've put in place more than a decade ago the strategy you heard Howard and Jim speak to today. We have thoughtfully and consistently executed against this strategy through a business model that emphasizes long-term value creation and in doing so have delivered impressive EPS growth, significant volume gain, greater quality and consistency in our earnings, and ultimately, increasingly rewarding our shareholders. Turning to slide 26, we have achieved this through aggressive portfolio management, divesting low ROC, non-strategic assets, totaling more than $15 billion of revenue since 2009. We have shifted our earnings mix to more consumer-driven exposure from 35% in the early 2000s to now more than 60% of our portfolio. This has significantly enhanced our ability to generate consistent earnings growth across the cycle. Our beta as a company has significantly reduced as a result, as you can see on the slide. Today it is about half of what it was five years ago and even more so when you compare it to the early 2000s. On slide 27, we have highlighted some of our successes in the past and that I'll be repeating. An EBITDA growth CAGR of 8% over last four years with more than $10.5 billion delivered over the last four quarters, an EPS CAGR of 18% over the last four years and with tangible drivers in place to push this to higher in the near term. A market cap that we have more than doubled and nearly $18 billion returned to shareholders since 2012 through share buybacks and a record high annual dividend. These numbers have not come by accident. Dow's ability to integrate silicones and achieve greater than $650 million in synergy plus our embedded integration value of $1.7 billion to $1.9 billion as articulated by both Howard and Jim is a differentiator compared to our peers. These results have earned us the right to be where we are today at a turning point in our history. And with that, let's look forward to the upcoming close of our merger with DuPont as we stand on the cusp of this seminal transaction and the next chapter in Dow's growth story. All remedy actions are on track. We still have a few more select approvals from key jurisdictions which we believe are imminent and we still expect to close in August. Going into merger close, the Dow team is coming from a position of incredible strength with a proven track record of success. We are ready for day one. Our teams will be immediately mobilized to capture the $3 billion of cost synergies. Our playbooks are ready with clear line of sight to milestone and accountability. We'll also move quickly on the intended spins which we still expect to complete within 18 months of close with the intended Material Science Company expected to spin first. Our team remains focused and disciplined with a sharp execution mindset on continuing to control what we can control. We have the right strategy, the right long-term growth drivers and the right portfolio and we have proven it over and over again. We have never been better positioned to continue to deliver for our customers, employees, communities and our owners. We enter the merger strong and we will exit the merger stronger. With that, Neal, let's turn to Q&A.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, I think you've seen some material today, Alex, that we haven't shown before that basically says both. In essence, the change in the portfolio of the company is the reason we've had this five straight years of earnings growth, it's a mix question, but it's also an integration, innovation question that combined, we no longer are a seller of outputs that are commodity products, very little bit of our mix, so we're in control of our own destiny about where value gets created, and value gets created in different parts of the value chain depending on the market condition, and what Jim articulated on the answer to, I think, P.J.'s question, is true right through our system integration, and so this ability to do both vertical and horizontal with equal impact is in the hands of only, I'm going to use, say, two companies in the entire sector, and you know the other one. It's in Europe, and so there is no benchmark we have any more, which is where people start to fail when they do some of the past comparison. And in fact, our intrinsic value more than beats some of the past comparison, so we are all for displaying where value gets created in both parts of your question right now, and I think it's being highlighted of course through many things, not the least of it being the portfolio review that's been initiated.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah, look – thank you, David. So as I said in the answer to the earlier question, the timing is as soon as we can. I mean, I think it's very important that we get transparency and output on a portfolio review. We had agreed to this back at the signing of the original agreement, so this is not new news to us that we knew we would do this based on better facts, and using a third-party as announced by the two parties, Dow and DuPont, a few weeks ago and that McKenzie has stated. We'll have an output hopefully in the next 30 or so days maybe 45 days, so we don't want to rush it, but clearly as we showed today on the call, there's a lot of compelling information both parties have that are now being turned by our friends at McKenzie. I would say to you that everything is on the table, as I've said many times and we're open-minded for shareholder value-based on better fact and if it results in more than three companies so be it and there's a trade-off on value here that has to be explained to all of our owners and that is do you delay getting some of the synergies to make room for more companies, but that's the sort of work that we're going to get feedback on and the combined board will see that hopefully no later than that timeframe I indicated.
Andrew N. Liveris: I just want to chime in, because besides the obvious on the corn one and now the soy, Steve, you know besides the obvious. It's hugely political, so I'm spending a considerable amount of my time and my capital in China to get this one over the line just like we did with corn. That wasn't easy and it certainly was part of Trump 100 Day plan. We're not pessimistic. We're optimistic we can get the soy, but we don't want to overpromise and under deliver, but we're spending considerable political time on this.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah, Bob thanks for the question. Look, we're still in a tough ag macro. I mean, the overall sector is still forecasted to be down on the top line, 1% or 2%. And I think our story this quarter was really about volume and the delivery of new technologies, but we did have price pressure, as you saw in both areas, but we were able to deliver EBITDA up 40% year-on-year, really on the Crop Protection side, the rice herbicide in China, generic impact, off-patent molecule and a high-level of channel inventory. Now, it came closer to normal than it was in the first quarter, but it's still slightly above average is the way I would talk about it. In Seeds, look, it's a highly competitive price environment. Our price cards were in line with the competition and so we're doing what we need to do. We're growing volume, we're delivering the new molecule and we're dealing with continued productivity to keep the EBITDA growing.
Andrew N. Liveris: Just the view going post-spin is, you really – if you think about this unique opportunity through this transaction, of the 300 years of corporate history, the rooftop point that Jim made is a good example. There are a lot of redundant processes and a lot of redundancies going inbound into the merger, there's a $3 billion of synergy a year number that we talked to many times. Remember, that's post Remedy, so when we first did the work on this, it was clear that there may be some upside, now that we've got 18 months behind us, the two teams, as I said on my opening remarks, are gun-ready to go. We're at the starting line. We believe we can get the $3 billion and MatCo's portion of that $1.6 million. That's a lot of cost out on what is in essence a very sophisticated asset swap. Under a holding company structure, you are asset swapping in a tax-friendly jurisdiction, and doing this in a way where shareholders will benefit from that cost out. Going forward, the tailwinds of the new MatCo, over $3 billion of new EBITDA coming based on the investments of the last five years, Sadara and the U.S. Gulf Coast assets are tailwinds, not headwinds, so the path of the new MatCo on a cost-out basis through the synergies, as well as these tailwinds based on our investments, not to mention the value-add strategy Jim spoke to and Howard spoke to, including the silicones integration, is what you'll see when we create the world's leading Material Science Company post-spin.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah, thanks, Arun. I would say that number today, given what's happening in the oil markets, has probably moderated to a $2 billion number. And, again, remember those numbers will be kind of a through the cycle, at the average of the cycle-type of a result. That's the way we look at them. You can get into a peak of a cycle, it may go higher than that, and that's what we've typically experienced on these kind of investments.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yeah, I'll take the gain and then maybe Jim can talk about the performance. The gain itself was in the $25 million to $50 million range. And I would say – just one other point on that, just to clarify. Electronics Materials would have had an EBITDA record even without that gain, just to be clear.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, I would, Neal. This is a historic moment. We are on what is the current Dow's last earnings call and as already said by Ed on the DuPont call, this is a moment that we've been planning for over a dozen years, and it's hard to look in the past and reflect, but you've got to allow the moment here to come forward which is two historic companies coming together to form an incredible, incredible machine that will create these three incredible divisions and then ultimately the spins that we referred to. If you think about it from the point of view of this earnings call, this quarter is really the highlight reel of the last many years. So I think everything we've done from the revenue line, to the bottom line, to the productivity, to the innovation engine, to the re-crafting of the portfolio, to the bringing on of new assets, historic new assets from the Saudi assets to the U.S. Gulf Coast; we are starting up Texas 9 as we speak. That is in any other part of Dow's history that alone would be the highlight reel, but we have multiple highlight reels and I'm so proud of the Dow team as we've taken Dow, as Jim said, to a cracker plus five or cracker plus nine model to a integrated specialty company, integrated specialty materials company, a preeminent high-growth high-margin customer-facing company with low cost assets and productivity and still on its DNA. No other company has done that. Silicones is my poster child. It's a chemistry platform that's moved right into Dow. The EBITDA run rate of $750 million, moving to $2 billion. Three times is happening because, as Jim said, it's Midland after all. This is such a fit into the Material Science Company, it bears no recognition to what any other company could have done and certainly on its own could never have done. In addition, I want to sort of finish by saying the future not only is bright with the merger in front of us, but it's bright when the materials company gets created. We have an incredible relationship with the Saudi Aramco Company and Sadara. We're so proud of that relationship. It's going to go to another level. We have work we're doing as we speak on the future of Sadara and as we look at silicones being integral to that future as we announced when we were down in Saudi Arabia in May with the President, there is no question, silicones will be in the future of our Sadara/Saudi relationship. We are very, very, very, confident that we will continue to grow what is an incredible franchise through investments of the Saudis. We're strong going into the merger. We're creating a new Dow, a seminal moment and I am personally very excited and very proud of team Dow and my colleagues on the phone, Jim and Howard well done and we look forward to talking to all of you very, very shortly.
James R. Fitterling: Hi, P.J. Yes, we think it will. As a matter of fact, demand has been solid for all those products and as we noted for this year, through the first half of the year, price has been up. Packaging and Specialty Plastics, for example, is up 5% year-over-year and if you look at both North America and Europe, both pricing and margins have been up. We have a couple of things in the quarter that I think point up to some deltas. We have some higher input costs and feedstock costs, so gas and some of the natural gas liquids are up year-over-year. In this particular quarter and going into third quarter, we'll have some higher startup costs as we're bringing on the Gulf Coast asset, and the Sadara volume is there, so you could see that show up in the earnings growth or the volume and revenue growth in Sadara. I would say that those volumes are not yet carrying EBITDA as we're bringing up the entire asset and the entire complex so that will start to add value. Look, I think that we've got a couple of things happening. One of the reasons that we have this full integration is to capture the margin shift, which moves all the time between ethylene and polyethylene and that vertical integration, that feedstock flexibility, enables us to have that, plus these investments are not all geared to one homogeneous polyethylene market. They're four different technologies that we're building, similar to what we're building in Sadara. Sadara is focused on growing the developing world. We're focused on growing our Americas market tier. (33:25) Both of those markets, at these growth rates, these GDP growth rates today, have the ability to take that kind of increase. Globally, it still takes two to three world-scale crackers per year to keep up with the GDP rate growth, and if the GDP increases, it'll take more than that.
James R. Fitterling: Good morning, Vince. We saw that news and that announcement and are aware of it, and I would just clarify a couple of things. So I think the big driver for what China announced is maybe not what we typically think of as recycling of neat resins and compounds, but it was the shipment of what I would call foreign garbage into China, and so they're banning kind of some of those streams of materials coming in, and the real driver was to protect community health and the environment. So countries were sending all kinds of stuff into China, and it wasn't going in to be recycled and put into food packaging. They just want to make sure that it doesn't get recycled and put into food packaging. If you look at all that trash that went into China in 2016, PET was the top volume for most of that scrap, two-thirds of it. 35% was polyethylene, I would say. It's mostly into applications like garbage bags, some injection molding, or some compound related stuff. So yeah, it might have an impact around the margins, but that trash is going to go somewhere else, and I think, if we'll move it out of China, we'll move it into some other market, probably in the ASEAN region, so we'll probably have to watch what happens out there.
James R. Fitterling: Hi, Hassan. It's a good question because through the quarter and second quarter, we were in a position where at any given point in time, there wasn't a lot of difference between naphtha, ethane and propane in terms of what the (47:32) crackers. You had some times when naphtha by-products drove naphtha cracking, obviously with styrene and butadiene and the aromatics chain that drove that for a while, and then with all of the exports of NGLs going out of the U.S. Gulf Coast, you had periods where there was no difference between ethane and propane. So we didn't get the normal kind of feedstock flex advantage that you see in the quarter. I would say, it's a little bit like ships passing in the night. Something is going to become favored here as we move into the third quarter. If it's naphtha, we're in a position to take advantage of that, obviously, in Thailand, in Sadara and obviously in our European assets. If it's propane, that's huge Dow advantage, and if it's ethane we've got increased volume out of our ethane cracking flexibility on the plant. So I think in any of the scenarios we'll be okay. We're looking at longer term and I think everybody is trying to get their hands-on what's going to happen with the oil pricing. What's happening with the fundamentals versus what's happening in the speculative market on that. If the available production that's out there for oil continues to reduce, then you could see a scenario where this start to turn with oil becoming constructive and that's a very different scenario than we're in right now. Obviously, what we're going to do for the rest of the year is make sure that we protect ourselves in the case that oil continues to keep pressure on naphtha, and we'll max our naphtha cracking if we need to.
James R. Fitterling: Yeah, so just to go back a little bit. I mean, we completed, or we had a program that went back to 2012, that we completed in the first quarter of 2015, which was about a $1.75 billion productivity program, and that was an across-the-board program. It looked at, obviously, the structure of our organization, so how many layers and what were the spans of control in the organization. It also looked at what we could do from a procurement standpoint, what we can do from site management internally. We did a restructuring program, basically in 2015, that we just closed out this quarter, so that's $900 million. It was even more, some levels of automation, retiring old systems, investments in IT capabilities. If you look at where we are in this quarter, we generated greater than $200 million; I think it was $215 million of what I'd call productivity savings in the quarter. You could think about that as about 40% of that was self-help measures and productivity internal to the organization, independent of the deal, and the rest of that was silicones-related cost synergies that came out. And on silicones, you can think about leveraging scale and leveraging location, physical location. It was kind of unique to Dow. Obviously Midland, big locations like Shanghai, São Paulo and places where we had duplicate resources, we could leverage that. And we're just now starting to leverage on to the one IT platform. So I think those are – it's not one spot, you have to look at it as a matrix inside of the organization, but we've done it many different ways, at many different points in time.
James R. Fitterling: And Kevin, let me just take the point on the market. So if you look at Consumer Solutions, it's the eighth consecutive quarter of operating EBITDA growth in that sector. Even if you exclude the Dow Corning integration in that sector, so the base business that's in there is performing very well. Automotive is on the 17th consecutive quarter of volume growth. Automotive, even though you've seen in Western Europe and you've seen in North America, things slowdown a little bit, the content per vehicle that we're getting out there, the number of solutions that we're getting on vehicles in the platform is really growing our business above the market and that continues to be the case. In Electronic Materials, it was the eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year EBITDA growth and that business is constantly retooling to fit the market. We're benefiting – obviously, semiconductors is a big part of the business, so on the CMP pads (1:02:00) side, we're benefiting from that. The whole market is benefits from the Internet of Things, putting more devices on, but also displays and handhelds which we've seen a blockbuster year this year in that area.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Frank, good morning. I mean, I think the prepared commentary really speaks for itself. I just couldn't be prouder of team Dow. Remember where we started with the cost synergies. When we announced the transaction in 2015, we were talking about $300 million. When we did day 1 of Dow Corning restructure, we increased that to $400 million. Now we're saying that number is more than $650 million, and we're already at a $500 million run rate. So that's exciting, and that's one of the key reasons – that was the key reason why it was accretive on day one to Dow, but the growth side, I think, is equally compelling, in terms of the market verticals that we talked about. So we'll see where the portfolio review takes us, but we feel very good about the hand-in-glove fit with Dow and in MaterialsCo.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Hey, John. So look a couple of things on that and I appreciate the question. Both Dow and DuPont at a company level will continue to file Qs and Ks with the SEC, so I would say similar to what you see as a Carbide filing today. We will get DowDuPont high level filings on a pro forma basis. These are high level combined company and they'll reflect the purchase accounting impact. Those should come within 75 days of close. Our plan right now is to provide pro forma segment information, so sales and EBITDA for DowDuPont by quarter. For the full year 2016 and most likely through June 30, through the second quarter and the plan would be to release those if we can in the month of October and a separate 8-K filing to give you at least a couple of weeks if you want to update your model before earnings. We've got a lot of work to do, so I can't commit to that but that is the intent.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Yeah. Thanks, Jeff for the question. So look on cash from ops, first quarter cash from – working capital is usually a use of cash, second quarter it usually starts to be a source. It wasn't this quarter as you highlighted. A key reason for that is the sales growth. Remember, we had 8% organic sales growth, so a 3% volume, 8% price. Of the $900 million increase in working capital, you've got $800 million of that was receivables, $200 million of that was higher inventory, that was offset by more than $250 million in net income. One of the key reasons for that is we were building out the Sadara value chain, so once all the 26 unit operations are stabilized, Sadara should be a net neutral to us on a total working capital, but obviously, we're building out the supply chain throughout the world, so that was a little bit of the use. The other thing that was unfavorable from a year-ago, we had $200 million in one-time legal settlement that weren't in the year-ago period, so that's the other factor. I would expect that we will continue to see a source of cash from working capital in the back half of the year. In fact, I would expect the third quarter numbers to be very positive.
Howard I. Ungerleider: So Steve, look, thanks for the question. I mean, I agree with your thesis, and I would say that if you think about ENLIST, we had the full system launch both seeds, traits and ENLIST DUO herbicide cotton in the spring of this year. It was a tremendous success. We sold out of the seeds. We exceeded grower expectation on weed control with ENLIST DUO, and we've had near a zero volatility and reduced drift formulation, the applications have stayed on target. Very excited that we received China approval for ENLIST corn, so that launch will happen in the U.S. and Canada in the 2018 season. On soy, I really don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We always knew that soy would be after corn, so we are on track from that perspective. We have done, we believe, everything within the Chinese regulatory process to have that application ready for approval and so at this point, it really is up to the Chinese government as to when that approval will happen.
Howard I. Ungerleider: Let me channel my meteorology department. I guess, Peter, I would agree with you and of the two of us, Jim is more the ag guy because he's from Missouri and I'm from New York, but what I would say is in ag, I think you're right, but we're always one weather event or one pest event away from a – of a turn. We have been in this kind of ag session probably for two, almost three, growing seasons. So I believe we're at the bottom, and you can see it in our results. You can see it in several of the other peer results that have been published. You're starting to see earnings growth now through the sector, so everybody is right-sizing their productivity side of the equation. And when you look at the new innovations that we're putting out there, we have proven, with the Dow ag portfolio, that they've earned the right to be on the podium, and then when you combine that with DuPont, the weather future for the ag co looks extremely bright.
