Andrew Liveris: Well, thanks Frank. We obviously watch this very closely. We have our weekly meetings and our product managers and marketing managers, geographic managers. We clearly were watching for customer buying behavior as low oil kept occurring through the quarter. And yes, there were some I actually mentioned it on TV today, there were some delays in purchasing but it wasn’t due to demand destruction. People just anticipating lower prices. We’re seeing January orders in line with our expected growth. Demand for February is firming as we enter the month. We believe inventories in the industrial engines are at lows, and that’s basically pent-up demand based on the view that prices could drop even further.
Andrew Liveris: And I think Frank, just to elaborate, this is key question. Remember 2015 with demand growth still there as for your earlier question. As you get into the back half of this year we believe low oil price is very good for world demand. And as you get global growth coming back through low oil prices, you will start to see the beginning of peak economics in the plastics engine going into 2016 and 2017. So we do believe with tight operating rates there’s a lot of operating leverage here and our value add strategy actually gives us margin that we would just get on the feedstock, we get it in the packaging, elastomers, and E&T business.
Andrew Liveris: I thank you for your question. And clearly the path the company is on with a record EBITDA performance last year I want you to note how we got there. We had a $900 million increase in EBITDA on about $1.1 billion increase in sales. That tells you that we have a resilient portfolio, but we also have the right mindset around innovation and productivity. Howard in his script talked about the innovation in general across the company. Just look at Ag. Q4 on Q4 year-on-year Ag 23% of their revenues were based on new product introduced just in that one year. So we have an ability to go after earnings growth independent of commodity environments, we’re not a commodity company, but we use commodity inputs to add value. I think what you’ll see from us a continued drumbeat. We will have margin pressure across some of the portfolio based on low oil price. In the back half of this year as demand gets tighter, I think we have an opportunity to certainly match last year’s performance.
Andrew Liveris: Yes. So you now look the old view of forecasting five years out almost seems to be out the door, we couldn’t forecast all of us a year ago what would happen to oil today, right. So, it’s a very hesitant forecast to hear that talks about the impact on Sadara. Just remember that Sadara is more than just a gas cracker, ethane cracker, it’s a mix feeds cracker that also uses other refinery streams from Aramco, not just naphtha, so please remember we got ways to get from here to there even in a low oil environment.
Andrew Liveris: We didn’t declare it Bob, so that’s your first answer, but the answer your question, second question, in short is a firm no. We did not need that agreement and we have our own channels as well as other channels to more than make up anything that might have been pushed out as a lost in that contract.
Andrew Liveris: We don’t believe so, we believe that there’s apples and oranges in a question like that, you got to go through cracker by cracker, restarting a cracker that’s based on naphtha just because of this current oil price naphtha scenario is not a given, in fact we don’t believe many of them will restart at all. To restart an idle cracker takes a lot of money and it’s a big bet in this sort of environment. So we believe supply tightness is in our imminent future operating rates are high across the entire plastics chain. Those that are advantaged, remember Bob, 70% of our cracker fleet is in advantaged jurisdictions under all oil gas scenarios and we’re flexible. So we’re advantaged even in disadvantaged regions like Europe and in fact we’ve had margin expansion in Europe based on our ability to be cracking propane there and that’s also true in North America. So we really believe that what’s going on out here is a net positive and you’re seeing in our operating rates, you’re seeing in our leverage. We’ve returned to operating rates as a company that we had in 2007. How we’ve done that? We’ve taken out low end assets. We’ve taken out uncompetitive assets and the rest of the industry has done the same. So we believe that this is all tailwind as you get into the back half of this year.
Andrew Liveris: Well, so the portfolio we built has obviously low input prices and as you go the propane point is a great example of that with flexibility we can take advantage of any input no matter what the situation is, whether it’s naphtha, whether oil refinery led streams of propane or ethane. But your main point is we have a portfolio that’s doing value add and the value add in our strategy we’ve been saying its over and over, we don’t have your vanilla grade plastics business. We have a plastics businesses as packaging value add, elastomers value add, E&T, Electrical and Telecommunications value add. We make money in that part of the chain and that’s a specialty effect if you like, because those customers are asking for the price decrease at the pace of the feedstock decrease because they don’t see the correlation. But that’s especially true in electronic materials, in our water business, in some of our downstream businesses in building construction. So that is the portfolio we build. We think we have in essence an opportunity here versus a challenge. Everyone knows that’s expose to the price effect, we’ll have margin challenges, but we are not that type of company because of the portfolio we build. We have excellent commodity businesses that have that volatility effect. So there is a dampened effect in our specialties portfolio which is two-thirds of the company and it’s integrated to the low cost feedstock. So it’s a win-win for us.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, so thank you for your question. The – we obviously [Indiscernible] and rejection economics are playing in the west fields and certainly the NGO production at $3 gas is much more economic for those guys who are producing wet gas. So you are going to keep getting production of ethane and propane as it applies. So that’s all advantage to the guys like us who are buying. We don’t see that changing anytime soon and depending on the oil price. Clearly the oil price has had an effect on new rigs and new rig counts and that’s all dropped off well reported and clearly if you got dry gas you’ve been shut in for a while so that doesn’t help you all that much. But it’s your question that plays here and NGOs continue to be rejected but are still the most profitable part of the producers of wet gas.
Andrew Liveris: So Dow Corning as much as all of our JV clean up our strategy, we talked about at our investor day and clearly we are looking quite long and hard as who are natural owners of their JVs, you’ve asked for transparency and how we report our businesses. So going narrower in number of JVs is our clear strategy. There is nothing to update you or nothing sort to say, other than clearly that’s one of our strategies and clearly our partners at Corning have to make their own statements.
Andrew Liveris: Yes the short answer good morning is the as we are still on the trajectory that we laid out at Investor Day that for closed at the end of – before the end of this year 2015 and we’re still sticking to all those numbers, actually we are in the data room. It’s a robust option, there are strategic buyers as well as financial buyers and we feel very good about where we are.
Andrew Liveris: The short answer is no. We’re looking at it from what’s going to maximize value for Dow shareholders short as well as long term so there is still an option for it to be two transactions or one transaction, so that will depend really on who the ultimate buyer will turn out to be based on value.
Andrew Liveris: Well clearly drop in oil prices affected all the oil producing nations and Kuwait is not immune to them. Its less about that John and more about the strategic rationale that our partners have for expansion in the value add which in their case is Petrochemicals , it’s a big deal for them equate and our presence in equate. So frankly this is not a one month, two month conversation, it never has been. It’s more what are they going to do with a expansion needs. They want to expand it to liquids cracking for example. They have announced that, they have announced projects in Vietnam and China. So they have a holistic view to their strategy and more Kuwait ownership with time on our JVs is something that interest them. So look, it’s going at a good pace, nothing to report and just a little footnote. MEGlobal is different than the Kuwait based adventures and can beat to its own drum.
Andrew Liveris: Yes sure, good morning Kevin. You are exactly right. I mean the Pension liability increased by about $3 billion, about 75% of that was because of the lower discount rate. It was down about 90 basis point; about 25% was the new mortality tables that got put in. Your second question was on the stock buyback and what’s worse we’re still on the same trajectory of what I laid out at investor day which is a couple of points that we expect it to be roughly $2 billion of stock buy back in 2015 timed with the divestitures from our portfolio moves.
Andrew Liveris: Yes so the noted value creation of polyurethanes that you pointed out really started a couple of years ago when you remember we put that [Indiscernible] together and said, do you had to be fixed as did epoxy. Glen Roth [ph] and his team have done a sensational job repositioning the value chain. It’s occurred at all parts of the value chain to have advance to your question. It’s occurred at the Propylene oxide end, it’s occurred in the polyurethane components end and it’s occurred at the systems end and it’s been a repositioning plus a productivity drive. They have achieved their productivity goals, but they have also repositioned to end use growth markets like energy efficiency for example. High end durables, high end furniture embedding. So they have got a technology driven program that’s very focused on the value add and of course the lower input cost. This should be further enhanced this year when PDH starts off. So we’re quite proud of the turnaround in polyurethanes and has been both point, productivity and repositioning.
Andrew Liveris: Well, I mean firstly we can go up to 70% of our crack slide here in the U.S. So if you look at the propane dynamic you just talked about than clearly there’s a scenario here that has us not feeling the effect of the oil and gas or naphtha retain arbitrage as much as others. That clearly is further enhanced by propane dehydrogenation as I already implied in my script. I’m not going to foreshadow repeat in our plastics record profits in Q last year and frankly the year before they been expanding profits quite considerably but our feedstock flex as propylene weakens there could be some effective margins coming down on some of our businesses. But as far as Polyethylene and plastics is concern, mark-to-market advantage Dow on propane crack.
Andrew Liveris: Second question first. We haven’t changed our view on the cycle and since low oil started last quarter we’ve been very clear that we think ultimately six to nine months low oil price foreshadow’s increase demand so this should help the world economy not hurt it, which I know is a view that not many others talk about but I think our result should show that, so we don’t have to talk about it, we can just show our results. So that then says, demand is there, operating leverage there to Bob Koort’s earlier question. So then you see the cycle playing out in 2016, 2017 with the back half of this year creating further tightening opportunities based on demand. In terms of supply, we don’t think any of the big ethane crack projects will be affected. I think those economics are still sound based on excess NGLs as per an earlier question I got. I do think as you’re seeing with some of the projects even one yesterday on Sasol, GTL, anything oil related, anything directly connected to the oil molecule, will definitely be delayed missing a ton of those being delayed. But that’s less about what the U.S. projects will do. I think those U.S. projects the ones that we all foreshadow at the 2017/2018 startups will be relatively unaffected.
Andrew Liveris: No, John. I don’t think we’ve actually come off in terms of our public position on any of those projects. I think if you look at where this specific margins were in the fall, they’ve come off a bit just from a market standpoint, but they’re still well above what we’ve originally laid out, so the PDH unit of $450 million. You look at the implied spread on propane or propylene, that still well within our guidance that we’ve given.
Andrew Liveris: Clearly we see the same effect on corn and corn inventories. I mean, there’s no question at the low commodity prices and farmer economics have changed and corn which is causing the rotation of soy and clearly we see that same effect, so that isn’t any different. But the think that differentiates us from our competitors is our product pipeline and what Howard talked about. Bugs don’t see falling corn prices, infectious is still being used. We’ve launched two major classes of insecticides in this last little while, Isoclast and Spinetoram both sales are up year-on-year. New product sales year-on-year Q4 to Q4 up 23% in one year. This is Dow’s AgroSciences product pipeline coming through big time. Arylex service side, broad-spectrum herbicide, cereal fungicide, these are not affected by farmer corn economic. So that’s what you’re seeing in our results.
Andrew Liveris: Well, I don’t think – firstly there’s whole scenario about MTO not coming on at the pace anyone think it’s going to come on. I think there’s a whole recalibration going on because of oil and coal. Remember that methanol is coming from coal. And so that’s going to change a lot in terms of when those projects come on line, which therefore defaults to your question being answered by saying, its incremental naphtha, but I’ve already answer the previous question about there’s not many of that is come on line. The way we view it is Asia is going stay high cost under any scenario. The beneficiary to this low oil scenario is mostly in Europe especially those that can NGL crack like propane.
Andrew Liveris: Well yes, I would like to say that last year it was a record year for Dow and this is a design. We have a strategy that’s working. We have built our business to be tend to be high margin and high return in most economic environment. The key to those is been the progression of actions these last many years, the sale of our most commoditize high margin product. We’ve locked in low cost competitive inflexible feedstock capacity. And we have technology advantage high margin products. These changes are in place now and are producing and creating a sustainable business model that gives us much opportunity in 2015 versus challenge. We remind you that the driver of volume and price is demand far more than just feedstock input price. Demand for our products and in particular our advantage products is very strong. We are very confident our strength will continue this year.
Howard Ungerleider: I would also say, Frank good morning, that when you look at plastics, the industry operating rates in polyethylene was at 88% in the fourth quarter and we were running well above that number.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I would say clearly in the natural gas liquid world, so the North America world and the Middle East you’re going to see margins decline and we saw some of that happen in the fourth quarter for sure, and the pressure is going to continue into 2015. But remember the naphtha world, we have our European assets as well as our Asian joint ventures and even in Latin America we’re doing very well and we saw margins expand as well as demand strength in both Latin America as well as significant strengths even in the fourth quarter in Europe.
Howard Ungerleider: David I would also add, this is Howard, that $500 million with a ten-year average run rate over the first ten years, so we’re not stepping away from that number.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I would also say that don’t forget we’re in the process of closing on Coodetec acquisition in Brazil and that’s going to really help our ability in Latin America to grow soybean as well as the regional players here in North America.
Howard Ungerleider: I would also add just on Andrew’s propane or LPG point rather. In Europe we’ve improved that capability from the low 40% range to mid 50s, around 55% in Europe. And in North America I mean from a propane standpoint we do have the most feedstock flexible propane cracking of anyone else in the industry.
Howard Ungerleider: PJ I think, this is Howard. Good morning. I just want to add on this innovation point. I know you guys don’t typically give us credit for innovation, but we’ve got a track record now on patents. 2014 was the fifth year in a row where we applied for over 900 patents. It was another record year of patent application granted by the U.S. patent office. From our finance perspective, I don’t like patents because of the plaque on the wall. Reason why I’m so focused on as we get and I referenced that I think in the prepared remarks we get a 1000 basis points additional margin on a pattern advantage sales versus a non-patent advantage sales. So I think you’re also starting to see that help our stickiness in price. But I agree with Andrew we’re not going to immune to it but we should be able to a relative outperformer in that space.
Howard Ungerleider: Well, in terms of Europe, I mean, you’ve seen some of the improvements in profitability continue to show itself through 2014. We had higher operating rates in the quarter. We’ve been taking out. We completed the 2012 restructuring program in 2014, a significant number of those 28 assets were in the European area. So we’ve done that. From a currency PJ it’s definitely going to be a headwind. There was a headwind in the fourth quarter, our price was down 4% in the quarter, 2% of that was currency if you drive that to the EBITDA line it was probably around a $75 million EBITDA headwind in the fourth quarter. And so you’ll see that still happen in 2015, but I think it’s really important to note that we have our assets in the regions where we sell our products fundamentally. And many of our raw material and many of our end products are either tied to dollars or heavily influenced in dollars. So, most of our currency impact is really going to be around translation back to the U.S dollar on the income statement. And then of course you are going to see some balance sheet impact which you certainly saw in the fourth quarter where we have assets in Europe that gets translated back on the balance sheet. And that’s why the net debt to cap moved up a little bit primarily because of that in our pension.
Howard Ungerleider: There’s nothing that precludes us going that high other than. We run a group Jack used to run it, so maybe we should let Jack answer. But in essence what the whole strategy is we look at our furnace crack on a daily basis and we pivot around appropriately where we have the flex capabilities and nothing stops us from taking it those numbers. Right Jack.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I mean, overall it should be a nice tailwind to our cash flow and I think you started to see that show already in the fourth quarter, I mean, we’re working not only on the raw material or the price cost side of the equation, but also on the volume unit side with our efficiency programs. So I mean our DSI was down by four days in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter, 60% of that drop was volume and 40% of that was based on price cost. So it would be a tailwind in 2015.
Howard Ungerleider: John, at our investor forum we had an example of the prompt value of those projects, but we did not said that wasn’t changing, what we expected from the run rate number we have published.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you for your question. With that we’re going to stop the questions and we appreciate all of your questions. Andrew, would you like to make a few final comments.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Andrew. As always we appreciate your interest in the Dow Chemical company. For your reference a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dow’s website later today. This concludes our call for today. We look forward to speaking with you again soon.
