Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Howard. Good morning, everyone, and thank you very much for joining us. Our results in the fourth quarter were really the capstone for a very successful year for Dow, with significant top and bottom line growth. On Slide 4, you'll see the results. Operating earnings were up nearly 3x. EBITDA grew 30%. We delivered a seventh consecutive quarter of year-on-year EBITDA margin expansion. We achieved double-digit sales increases across the globe, with growth in every segment and geography, including record sales in emerging markets. Our operating segments demonstrated their earnings strength, most notably, Health and Agricultural Sciences delivered record fourth quarter sales. Our Electronic and Specialty Materials segment posted its sixth consecutive quarter of greater than 30% EBITDA margin. Our transform plastics portfolio grew margin more than 500 basis points versus the same period last year. And our overall pricing discipline more than offset a nearly $700 million increase in purchase feedstock and energy costs. Our growth synergies run rate surpassed $1.1 billion. We lowered our net debt significantly. And finally, we generated $1.8 billion in cash from operations. Those are the headlines for the quarter. The reflected company with a powerful and diverse portfolio, an expanding geographic presence and increasing investment in growth. Together, they reveal a company that is transformed and with a rising earnings profile. So what's driving this success, this forward momentum? The recovery in the global economy certainly helps. But as we all know, that alone is not sufficient. More fundamentally, our results are a reflection of our decision to change the direction of this company to reposition ourselves to address the megatrends that are redefining our world. The strategic actions we've taken over recent years to strengthen our company ultimately delivering higher and more sustainable earnings. This includes significant efforts to reduce our cost structure and shift our portfolio, notably through the acquisition of Rohm and Haas and with the growing investment in research and development. And perhaps most importantly, our human element, our Dow people who deliver this transformation everyday. On Slide 5, you can see our 2010 achievements. 2010 was another successful step forward on our earnings growth trajectory. Over the past year, we achieved and in many cases exceeded our goals. Some of our highlights include sales, which grew sequentially each quarter throughout the year; volume growth of 12%, which was led by our combined Performance segments; sales in fast-growing emerging regions reached $16 billion in 2010, a record for our company; and sales in Asia-Pacific were also a record, topping $9 billion. EBITDA exceeded $7.5 billion for the year, up 36% from 2009. We delivered cash from operating activities of over $4 billion, nearly double that of 2009. We exceeded our goal for divesting non-strategic assets, and we completed our goal of delivering more than $2 billion in synergy and restructuring savings related to the Rohm and Haas acquisition, a full quarter ahead of schedule. All of this enabled us to exit the year with tremendous financial flexibility. In a few moments, I'll discuss our strategy in action, our outlook and priorities for 2011. But first, let me turn the call over to Bill, who will provide more detail on the quarter.
Andrew Liveris: Certainly, the portfolio management we've done to date as we build the portfolio through specialties, plastics is very heavily transformed already with our Styron divestment. That's incredibly important statement with respect to the performance. Their performance is not just the oil to gas ratio. It's also the shift to higher market value and uses as we shed a low EBITDA return business like Styron. We will do more of that. We have some other businesses that are in the Plastics portfolio that we will shed and/or JV depending on the opportunity with strategics or financial buyers, depending on who comes to the table. So we'll be active there. In addition, the bolt-on M&A, the financial flexibility that Bill talked about, there will be some of that as we go through. We're very keen on expanding in seeds and electronics, in particular, and our water platform to speak to the company's future positioning. But these are high-margin bolt-ons, ones where we can maybe buy small regionally and scale up globally so we can get synergies immediately. And we can see the opportunity to keep, as Bill said, putting some of our extra cash into innovation and growth. We've got to launch our POWERHOUSE Solar Shingles. We've got a titanium dioxide replacement out there that is going to be a big winner here in the next six to 12 months as titanium dioxide continues to be short. And I can go on and on, but you can continue to see some working of the portfolio, but nothing as dramatic as last couple of years. We are now in execution mode to use that financial flexibility the way Bill talked about.
Andrew Liveris: Andy, I think the shale gas dynamics in the United States we've talked about with many of you over the last 12 months and clearly, Dow's announcement to go further into ethane cracking capacity. It means that we will do some of the things you mentioned such as substitute heavy, so we have still the ability to do that with naphtha here in the U.S. in particular with some of our crackers. We already are pretty good. We can go up to 80% LPG cracking. We can substitute even some of the propane with ethane as we extract more and more ethane out of the gas that you're talking about that there's not all that far from us actually. So with such a high ethane off take 80,000 barrels a day, we're about a third of the U.S. market. We are talking to all of the people we should be talking to and we'll have a lot more to say about that in the next six to 12 months. If we had to do some de-bottlenecking put some incremental capital into some of our existing plants, we will do that to release efficiency and release more capacity, and I think that's a good way to think about it that we can do it. And we can couple it with our PDH deal, which is indicative of our ability to take on purpose propane, so you can expect us to be quite active on both ethane and propane utilization this year.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, so it's had its normal start-up challenges. It's actually, as you know, the world's largest PDH facility. There were some maintenance in January and so once that's over and done with, January is over and done with, it will be running at full operating rates. And we feel very good about what they've done. They were at the 70% operating rate straight off the start up and so that was a pretty good deal, and so they've gone down for some maintenance and they'll be back up in normal time.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, so as you saw in the fourth quarter, we actually did keep up. And I think that's not only in our Plastics business, but in our Performance businesses. And we're pretty happy with the way they've gone out there on pretty much, we're pretty sold-out in almost all of our Performance businesses or running at high rates. So there is price power, as much as through cost push, but also through operating rates being high. So what we've done is, of course, got across-the-board price increases in most of the Performance businesses that have price sensitivity, and especially those in the chains like MDI, like acrylic acid and esters and epichlorohydrin epoxy. We also have that going in, of course, the Plastics businesses. But sequentially, it's about a $500 million rise, so that's going to be topping Q1 time frame. But we don't look at it that way. We look at it as what's the momentum, and the momentum is good. And we expect the momentum with some typical lag will be good for margin recovery in the first half in particular, and we will see continual tight operating conditions, which we believe we'll see margin expansion as a whole for the Performance businesses for 2011.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, flat to a little up. I think there's definitely now more affordability in the farmer pocket as their corn prices and others have gone up. And clearly, it's not going to be back to where it was. But we believe 2010 was likely the bottom for Ag Chem prices. So they'll be up about 2% versus prior quarter and 2011 I think will show stability and moderate recovery, not just on volume but on some price power.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, so certainly the balancing between Shintech's start up and now shutdowns is very much geared to our strategy and theirs. Our strategy is to take more of our precious chlorine and feed our Performance businesses. So we use that number before where 70% of our chlorine goes into our downstream businesses. That number will pop up to 80% or more. And that means that you'll see the result and the economic cost power if you like in our Performance businesses, Polyurethanes and Cellulosics and all the ones you're familiar with like Ag Chem. That should help mitigate the increase capacity from Shintech who still remains our very large customer, by the way. So we're not growing any share of market there. The merchant side is going to be dropping down from our perspective but going up from their perspective. On K-Dow or whatever you want to call our Plastics equity-light deal, as I said on my statements, Plastics is doing great. It's been because we did lots of clean up there. We shut down assets. We did Styron. We're committed to a strategic shift to specialty plastics. We're putting that in place. We are in no rush to do any deal. We will do a right deal with a right assets at the right price that I've already indicated to a previous question. We'll be at the commodity end of the portfolio, and we mentioned that at our Investor Day as well. But I really don't see a need to go out there and do a K-Dow replacement from here.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, sorry, midyear or thereabouts. And it's on schedule, and we've always said second quarter, probably the back end of the second quarter or the start of the third.
Andrew Liveris: Yes. So I think you should take from -- actually I answered the previous question on NGL extraction. It's not residual to ethane. You should consider us that what we're doing is to do more PDH-type deals to find more ways to get propane near to the cost of natural gas than the market minus formula that exists today with refinery propylene. And because of our merchant by being one of the largest in the industry, if not the largest, certainly the largest in the U.S. We are an attractive customer with a baseload NGL plants to get on purpose propane as we are with on purpose ethane. So we will intend to keep lifting that up, that percentage that you talked about so it's more and more, if you like, back integrated. And we believe the timing of that is pretty good. The next couple of years will be perfect timing to lock in some propane deals. So you can expect that to be a strategy that we'll execute against.
Andrew Liveris: Yes. So I think you would know, we have our crackers in Europe, which are liquid crackers but they also have flexibility. They can take LPGs and they can take condensate, and we have great deals. We've had them for over two or three decades to physically hedge with LPG and condensate to bring them in, to keep inventory. We have contracts with people like the Algerians and others. And so we do run those crackers with feedstock flexibility that gives us a slight cost advantage against pure naphtha guys in Europe.
Andrew Liveris: So the top line point on the Middle East and in general the new capacity across the board, not just Dow's, is actually, Hassan, and I've seen others right about this including yourself. There's now a combination of three things going on in the Middle East, which have been additive to supply disruptions. They're structural operational and mechanical with some of the new capacity that's been coming on. So a lot of the capacity came on last year. 2010 was the big year for capacity. A lot of it didn't actually make its way to market and one of the new reasons is the one that you asked about, which is the real limitation on the structural side on NGL extraction and ethane availability. And why is that? Because most of the gas in contained ethane embedded in the gas is now going to power. And in fact, as the Middle East grows and gets wealthier and builds more infrastructure and builds other facilities, builds aluminum smelters, builds a lot of things, they need power as much as any petrochemicals were value added. So I think you're going to see a natural cap occurring in the Middle East even inside Iran with the move by NPC as you indicated. So I believe that what's going to happen is the cost curve is going to change with time and the U.S. producers will continue to be advantage as the second lowest cost on the planet after the Middle East. And if the shale gas thing keeps working the way it is, that will start to overcome the freight point as well, and so the U.S. can continue to export to Asia. And I think that dynamic is a new dynamic, it will unfold, speaking to our project in Saudi yes, it is the last tranche available of low cost NGLs, and that's why we're doing the project with our partner, Saudi Aramco. We certainly expect that to have a feedstock advantage in the low end of the cost curve. It will crack some liquids as well. So that is a big part of the feedstock flexibility point, so we can make more value-add products, more Performance Products, more Advanced Materials, which is why it's so key to our strategy. And we will continue to work on making sure that, that economics on the low end of the cash curve gets delivered against our ultimate decision here in the middle of the year.
Andrew Liveris: No. Well, of course, you may have seen a little bit of it, in particular, our businesses that are more sold out and if you look closely at our China volumes, they were a bit down in some of our Performance businesses and that's because we chose not to export for the reasons you just talked about, the propylene arbitrage. That particularly applied to epichlorohydrin liquid epoxy resin where we could value maximize here in the United States rather than sell at lower margins in the Pacific. And with low propylene costs out there, they could keep our prices lower. So we believe that's already on the way to being corrected. Chinese New Year slowdown in January, that arbitrage is starting to close already. And it's not giving us any concern. The pressure to raise prices out in Asia is already there, we're actually seeing good price traction. And the bright spot is that despite all that, we still had exports increase, our volumes grew 4% sequentially in the Performance and Plastics divisions anyway.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, so MDI, which is tight, as you know, I mean that clearly is something that we won't build anything new. I mean, they take a long time to build and they're tricky facilities. so Saudi is our next big tranche. So between now and then on MDI, in particular, we're working with others in the industry. We're not losing any ability to grow because of our arrangements that we have out in the industry. But having said that, we know we'll have to put an MDI tranche in the Saudi facility in particular and ultimately, the China facility. Of course, on PO and propylene oxide in general, we're in decent shape there because of our facility in Thailand.
Andrew Liveris: Yes. And I do think you talked about one already. So clearly, anything in the acrylic chain I mean, just so you know, our Deer Park facilities, we're finding new pounds there because of the decision we took last year to shut it down and de-bottleneck and have it as a safe and reliable operations facilities is a good example. Epichlorohydrin is another one. MDI is another one. Our Plastics chain, especially polyethylene here in the United States, given the new found cost advantage, our ability to export from here will be another area including the crackers in that earlier question I've got. We will be increasing our CapEx budget, which is $2.4 billion as we indicated on the script. We, Bill, I, the businesses are working hard on high return quick de-bottlenecking hits on the products that I just mentioned and others that are running pretty tight.
Andrew Liveris: So your math is going to, obviously, be faster than ours because you just spent time analyzing it. But we'll get back to you with specifics. But I think what you've got to do is look at the impact of Styron in particular on our Hydrocarbon segment. If you take a look at that segment, which is where we now report the kind of feedstocks to Styron because we put in place the carve out and of course, they have arrangements where we supply them ethylene and aromatics and other key building blocks for their businesses. Fundamentally, we now report that volume in the hydrocarbon unit. I think that's probably why you're seeing what you're seeing, but we'll get back to you with specifics. Remember, on Styron, the key part of that deal was to shed low return Plastics businesses, so we've unlocked the value of integration there by now showing it in our hydrocarbon unit, of course, as well as the gain we had on that business.
Andrew Liveris: Well, I think they'll be higher. I mean, I think the nature of your question, you kind of got the reason why. In fact, I just by coincidence was with one, which on its leadership team last night and they reviewed to me, they would be meeting the last few days was on technology integration, which is a new term for the Performance businesses. What we're doing is we're cross fertilizing the ability to bring a-mean chemistry, epoxy chemistry, urethane chemistry, acrylic chemistry and a whole lot of other chemistry that's embedded in those two big units to the market and things like enhanced oil recovery in new products and things like new automotive products and new systems. And what you're seeing is now we have a technology synergy embedded in the two performance divisions that will give us new commercialization opportunities in the near term our product line extensions, and whether it's launching new products in automotive like BETAFOAM and our Adhesives businesses and we just won a deal with Fiat or one we have in Korea with one of the auto manufacturers there, this is all volume growth that's commercializing innovation above and beyond asset optimization.
Andrew Liveris: Just to build on something most of us are seeing a typical January slowdown in some of these businesses because of the early Chinese New Year, so this will be a strange first quarter because it will be backloaded, it will be February, March quarter versus a more typical mid-quarter slump. And so the price power that Bill's talked about is there's a little lag is because volumes are little slow in January. But we have across the board price increases in most of these products because of the earlier question, which is we're running pretty tight on some of these chains.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I mean, we said on the last call that SmartStax for us is doing great, and we have both above and below ground seen everything we wanted to see. We've seen reduced refuge delivering additional 11 to 16 bushels per acre and we're seeing considerable yield gains and even under additional insect pressure. And when you put our elite genetics combined with SmartStax, we have actually seen our ability to increase market share in corn, for example, sitting in around 5% in the U.S. and we've got 15% down in Latin America, which is the reason, by the way, fourth quarter did so well, with our Latin American business was pretty strong 15% share in corn in Brazil, and we're basically very, very happy. We're ahead of schedule in SmartStax, and we will see this year that will go from 10% of corn hybrids in 2010 to 30% in 2011 and 70% in 2012 with SmartStax. So it's going to do what we said it would do and then some. Look, how do we feel about Q1, Q2? The earlier question price power in the Ag Chem space is not quite back, but it's coming up. We said up 2% versus prior quarter. Farm income is good. The commodity prices are up. So we believe that the first half of Ag will be a very good half, and we'll start to get back to where they were a few years ago.
Andrew Liveris: Well, yes. So as you just said, our volume impact in industrial coatings was due really because for us driving price hard and so epoxy was the kind of direct correlation there. So it really wasn't a customer-oriented thing. It's the fact that we're tied on epoxy. Our architectural side where the acrylics mainly play we do have, in fact, good volume growth and good price power, volume expansion in Asia of about 4%, North America about 3% and also our new product introductions, the titanium dioxide, say, very particular. So outlook-wise, we continue to see that we'll keep having good volume growth and good price power in coatings and that epoxy will be the issue for us going forward, and that's because we're tied and now get back to the earlier question that's where we're putting some discretionary capacity capital in place to release some capacity.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, thank you for your great questions. And as you can see, we closed out the year. We've had now seven good quarters of increasing margins in a row, while we continue to increase R&D and fund our R&D that strong cash flow, and we have price power in the market place with good price momentum going into this quarter and the whole year. Also the shift of the company, sometimes we talk about a balanced portfolio. Really, the way you should think about our portfolio going forward is an integrated portfolio that like the chlorine feeding the downstream Performance businesses, like the plastics being reorientated to specialty plastics and high market value and uses like packaging and hygiene and elsewhere. We really feel good about the portfolio we now have, so it is about execution. It is about taking the momentum of last year as we outbounded 2010 into 2011 on our way to the $10 billion EBITDA number. And we've said that as we go from $7.5 billion towards that $10 billion number, the 2011 will be a year of implementation, execution. We feel very good about the year. We feel very good about the future. We feel very good about the economic recoveries going on out there. But we remain prepared if there's any turnaround or downturn or any unforeseen circumstances. So we appreciate your support, and thank you for listening.
William Weideman: Thank you, Andrew. Before I begin, I'd like to remind you that this information is on a year-over-year basis and excludes divestitures in certain items unless otherwise noted. As Andrew mentioned, our earnings were $0.47 per share, excluding certain items, which were $0.10. These items consisted of asset impairments and related cost of $0.06, Rohm and Haas integration costs of $0.03 and asbestos-related credit of $0.03, a charge of $0.03 related to an obligation associated with our previous divestiture and a $0.01 adjustment on the Styron divestiture. Now let me turn to volume and price trends. As you can see on Slide 7, we experienced demand growth in all our geographies with particular strength in North America and Europe, Middle East and Africa. Asia-Pacific volume grew 9% with strength in Electronic Materials, Building and Construction and Dow AgroSciences, all of which were up 20% or more. Moving to price. We achieved a 10% increase year-over-year, with strong gains across all geographies in a most operating segments. Now turning to our segment overview on Slide 9. Electronic and Specialty Materials continued its strong performance with sales up 13%. Demand at Electronic Materials increased 19%, driven by strong demand from flat-panel displays and consumer electronics. Specialty Materials also saw a double-digit demand increases in water, cellulosics and microbial solutions. Coatings and Infrastructure sales were up 6%, driven by price gains across all geographies. Coating materials achieved sales gains in architectural and industrial coatings. However, volume was down as the business focused on expanding margin in our epoxy envelope. Now moving to Health and Ag Sciences. This segment experienced growth across all businesses highlighted by Seeds, Traits and Oils, which was up 34%. The significant increase in volume was driven by continued share gains in cotton, with the success of Widestrike insect protection and a 24% increase in new Ag Chem product sales in the quarter. In Performance Systems, we achieved double-digit sales growth in more than a 400 basis point expansion in EBITDA margin. Volume increased in all geographic areas. In Performance Products, sales increased 23% with balanced gains in volume and price. EBITDA margins also improved, driven primarily by a significant expansion in epoxy margins. Turning to Plastics on Slide 11. Polyethylene supply-demand fundamentals remain strong and customer inventory levels low, enabling the business to deliver significant EBITDA gains. In Chemicals Energy, sales were up 13%, and EBITDA was up due to our strong focus on margin management. Equity earnings reached an all-time record of $313 million in the quarter. Our feedstock advantage JVs in the Middle East performed very well. And we are positioned for further growth with our expanded manufacturing presence in Thailand. I'd like to close with a few additional financial comments. Cash flow from operations was $1.6 billion, up more than $430 million over the same period a year ago. Our net debt to total capital declined significantly, and our net debt to EBITDA multiple improved to 2.2 exiting the year. I'd like to close with a few comments on the first quarter of 2011. Based on current conditions, our hydrocarbon energy costs will increase sequentially by approximately $500 million. We expect Plastics margins will remain strong as ethylene continues to be the favored feedstock, which will keep our U.S. assets advantaged. Volume will be down slightly, however, due to planned turnarounds in the quarter. Equity earnings will remain strong supported by high crude oil and naphtha prices. Our Performance businesses will likely see a little margin compression due to significant increase in propylene costs and the normal lag in prices. However, we expect this compression will only be temporary and that we will fully recover margins in the first half of next year. Health and Ag Sciences will see their normal seasonal increase in the quarter. And finally, as we noted on our last earnings call, that we have planned to make about a $700 million contribution, voluntary contribution through the first quarter. Due to our strong cash flow we made a voluntary pension contribution of approximately $400 million in the fourth quarter. Due to improved asset returns, we are now anticipate contributing only about $200 million in the first quarter. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Andrew.
William Weideman: John, this is Bill Weideman. You're exactly right. We did have a very strong cash flow generation in the quarter. As you know, we generated $1.8 billion from cash from operations in the quarter. And that was driven from strong results. You'll also notice once you have a chance to review the financial statements, we actually had a positive $700 million in cash flow due to the specific actions we took in the quarter. So, John, you're right, we do. And also when you get a chance to look at, you'll see we ended the year with $7 billion of cash on the balance sheet. Part of that was due to the fact that we issued, as you know, $2.5 billion of bonds in the fourth quarter, and that was to take advantage of the low interest rates. And as we stated then, it was to pre-fund debt that's maturing in the first half of this year. And then we also had additional cash that are really strong cash results in the fourth quarter. So as far as our priorities, John, as we've said before, our priorities for cash remain the repayment of debt, shareholder remuneration and also funding our innovation and growth. And you will see us take significant action this year on the debt paydown. And just for planning purposes, if you want to think, as I mentioned, we ended the year with about $7 billion of cash and our year-end target is to end the year somewhere between $2 billion and $2.5 billion of cash, so you can see we have a lot of flexibility in 2011.
William Weideman: Just to add to that, don't forget on our equity companies also that, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we have fixed contracts there on the raw materials. So again, as naphtha and oil goes higher, that's a good thing for our JVs in Kuwait.
William Weideman: This is Bill Weideman. Yes, that -- seasonally our fourth quarter comes down a little bit. Actually 81% versus a year ago is up 5 percentage points. So actually 81% is very strong for us, and to be honest with you, the comment I made previously on managing working capital also. So we slowed our plans down a little bit from a working capital standpoint also. So overall, I would say from an operating rate standpoint and as Andrew mentioned before, we're still seeing very strong demand, which is supporting high operating rates.
William Weideman: Sure, this is Bill Weideman. For the full year, our pension contribution -- we'll be filing our 10-K here in February 18. But for the full year and 2010, our pension contributions were approximately $700 million and a rough break down of that is roughly $300 million of that was required contributions and about $400 million of that was voluntary, which we contribute in the fourth quarter. You should assume for planning purposes that in 2011, we'll contribute about the same amount. So you should assume from a pension contribution about the same level as 2010. So $700 million to $800 million range. From a pension expense standpoint, there again you should assume that 2011 will be about the same as 2010, which is about $500 million a year. So 2011 versus 2010 will be very similar, both in terms of pension expansion and pension contributions.
William Weideman: Yes, Frank, Bill Weideman. I think what I said was we might have a slight, and I think the key word there is slight, margin contraction on our Performance businesses. But as Andrew mentioned, we have a lot of pricing momentum in both our Basics and also our Performance businesses and so we do believe that we will cover most of that increase in the first quarter. And if there is any lag there that we will certainly cover that in the first half of the year. So I don't know if that helps but again, if there is any margin compression in Performance, we believe it will be slight and temporary.
William Weideman: Yes. I mean, certainly P.J. with our strong cash position and from a liquidity standpoint, certainly I believe those discussions that you referred to regarding preferred will occur sooner than later. I don't know what the final outcome of those will be, but certainly I believe we have the flexibility going forward to have those discussions.
