Andrew Liveris: Yes. Thank you, Howard. Our overall outlook is on slide 15, and if you go through the points, global growth remains volatile and uncertain despite a growth in some economies. And our overall global GDP [audio gap] is approaching around 3%. Now the U.S. remains the one consistent bright spot and our view is that the consumer has begun to spend some of those lower oil price bonuses with our order loading remaining strong as we enter Q3. China remains a mixed bag; a very solid Q2 for us is not necessarily a harbinger of Q3, but note that we have targeted our products and our product mix to sectors that are truly domestically driven, like automotive and construction, and we see good growth in those areas. Volatility and softness do prevail in other sectors. Western Europe remains a positive for Dow with further [ph] demand despite the situation that unfolded in Greece. And emerging markets are all strong with the exception of Brazil. And Dow has positive exposure to all of these growing markets, nearly 35% of total revenue, and we see decent demand in places like Southeast Asia, the Middle East, India, and Eastern Europe. Overall we are growing where growth is. That’s our strategy and our execution is very focused on growing share of demand in those markets, which for us means true value growth. We are doing this predicated on the assumption that the world economy will remain in its current volatile condition and we have to find growth while continuing to focus on productivity and our key projects. So turning to slide 16, this brings me to our earnings growth drivers, both in the second half of this year and beyond. Our discipline and our emphasis on EVA, and portfolio management continued to release further value and are driving higher rewards for our shareholders. As Howard showed, we are very milestone driven, with now 11 straight quarters in a row of strong earnings performance. And our key enterprise growth projects are beginning to start up over these next six months with our first units coming online in Texas and Sadara beginning its start-up in Saudi Arabia. Our low-cost integration strategy will be even further enhanced with these new assets coming online. In addition our strong technology pipeline is in full swing and is yielding end demand material in AgroScience Solutions such as ISOCLAST, EVOQUE, INFUSE, BETAMATE, Arylex, VORALUX and many, many more at a rate of 5,000 new products per year. Our innovation program is producing bottom line results with more than a third of our EBITDA tied to innovation. And we have nearly completed our divestiture program. AgroFresh is on track to close within the coming weeks, and as Howard said our Seminal [ph] Dow Chlorine Products transaction with Olin is on track for close in Q4. Last, completing our next six months drumbeat, our JV consolidation efforts remain very much in focus and we are actively addressing our two major joint ventures as we speak. You know 11 quarters is nearly three years. The pivot we made ahead of the market in 2012 was the core on a slowing and transforming China was to submit to a very different focus on how to achieve earnings growth in a slowing and more volatile world. Self-help through a focus on EVA, productivity and aggressive portfolio management has enabled this performance all the while funding our large integrated projects and our innovation program. We now have a portfolio that’s built to last under all conditions that can grow volume and margins, can be upgraded in quality through aggressive portfolio management, has a pristine balance sheet with all the pre-mentioned new value drivers about to become tail winds. And all with a disciplined focus on shareholder remuneration through share buy-backs and dividend increases. In sum, this drumbeat of execution and discipline, based on our Board approved and management aligned strategy, continues to deliver higher earnings growth, drive strong cash flows and is fueling higher rewards for our shareholders. Dow team will continue to deliver quarter in, quarter out as we have done for these last many quarters. With that, Jack, let’s turn to Q&A.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, look, operating rates, David, are strong on the derivatives and on the crackers. You know there’s a lot of aged fleet out there. And we certainly had some of our own outages in the quarter. And we achieved the results you saw despite that. With the age of the fleet, unexpected outages are out there as a harbinger of constrained supply. There’s not a lot of new supply coming on as a consequence with GDP around 3%. And let’s say that the global ethylene growth rate is a multiple of GDP, somewhere between 1.1 and 1.5. It’s very hard to call them in 90 day slots, but we will see some price slippage with the oil prices staying low and continuing to have a full cost that keeps it low, but you know all of us are reading the same sort of material. But I would tell you that this snugness, this potential for outages, we have a price increase for polyethylene in August. We had one in June. It does speak to the tightness in a pre-cycle run-up that we’ve been talking about for some time.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, I think – thank you very much, Vincent. I think there’s no question that the six months is a better read on the go-forward economy than three month slices. If you look at sequential numbers, actually Building Construction for example was up sequentially and stayed strong, and I made note of that in my prepared remarks as well as on the TV interviews today, that Building Construction and Automotive are doing quite well in the global economy, especially in North America or U.S. particularly and Europe. But there’s some headwinds that we have seen that became bigger headwinds in Q2, mostly in and around our Performance Monomers unit which as you know gets tagged along with Coatings. Coatings itself did very well. Performance Monomers continues to be oversupplied. So that’s specific to that little – that business; not a little business, a big business. And then Energy and Water, Water did well but Energy, the oil and gas market itself as you know with low oil prices is quite depressed. So if you pull those numbers out of there and make a statement around the whole company, Performance Materials end use demand, Performance Plastics end use demand, and then consumer and infrastructure trending in the right direction in terms of global demand. And again I made a big point of saying we have built a portfolio that has targeted demand drivers. In other words, we’re no longer a vanilla commodity supplier. We are targeted now in use. Our China numbers are a good example of that. Our volumes in China are up despite everyone thinking China is softer down. Where we play in China is where China’s needs are domestically driven such as Automobiles, Construction, and frankly water and food safety and all those things that are drivers. So look, I haven’t really changed. We haven’t changed our outlook from three months ago. I think different parts of the portfolio will play in 90 day slices, but we are still trending. We’ve had seven quarters in a row of year-on-year volume growth in the company. That’s a big statement under all these conditions quarter-to-quarter. We’re structurally hedged as our prepared remarks – I think Howard said in his prepared remarks.
Andrew Liveris: Well, remember, there’s a fairly large rebound going on in Europe, Frank, that I – Western Europe, and overall for the company our Western Europe results have been pretty, pretty strong. And we did a couple things in Europe that gave us even more competitive advantage and enabled us to take share and really pump up those operating rates even higher into their 90s. And that’s because of our propane crack. I mean we have now got propane flexibility not just into Newson [ph] but also in Tarragona. That’s a big deal in terms of our end market cost competitiveness in Europe, and frankly enabled us to really gain share and run those assets even harder. And they’ve been running very, very well. We did have some operating rate issues here in the United States with around some cracker trips that we just basically had to cope with throughout the quarter that actually was a higher – a little bit of a cost flip for us. But still operating rates were in the high 80s early 90s. So look, when you run this, I said around the earlier question, when you run them this hard you stand the chance of being – tripping out not just our assets, everyone else’s assets. But our reliability and our manufacturing people are doing a bang-up job in running our assets more reliable and getting more asset capability out of them as a result, and as a consequence of that we’ve had this volume growth that you pointed out.
Andrew Liveris: Thai JV’s really had a great year-over-year quarterly comparison that may not be sustainable for the back half but certainly in the comparison for Q2 was very strong.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, look, certainly the last few months that question’s becoming top of mind for a lot of people given the obvious Monsanto Syngenta discussion. As you know, P.J., as everyone on this call I’m sure has heard, we’ve been very consistent value growers of Ag. And we have a strength not just in Crop Protection and our integrated Chemistry business there and all the launches that I even had on the prepared remarks, Arylex, ISOCLAST, et cetera, but also we are a very strong trait developer. And that Enlist permit approval for Contesta [ph] and soy E3 was a big deal that Howard talked about that just came yesterday for the soy market in China. As you know, we’ll play big in soy. So we have two very large value drivers. If you look at the value of the buyout of Dow Lanco [ph] in the late 90s, we had an Ag business worth about $3 billion based on that transaction. If you look at the multiples that are out there right now, we have taken that business and made it basically somewhere near a $20 billion to $25 billion business. We doubled the value in the last five years. We can double it again in the next five. But consolidation and this integration between crop chemistry and traits and germplasm, we’re a big believer in. That’s what Enlist, Enlist Duo’s all about. So we understand what’s going on out there in this round of consolidation. And as I said on TV this morning, we’ll be at the table and we could go either way depending on what creates the most value for our shareholders.
Andrew Liveris: Look, it’s going be tough. I mean I would tell you that, and I think Howard had it in the prepared remarks, what keeps us expanding margins is our new product introductions, so that’s the differentiator for Dow. But the market, high inventories, currency headwinds, economic issues in Argentina, highly competitive product and pricing environment, this is not going to – this is going to be a down year for AgroSciences as a market, and certainly for us in the second half it’s going be tough to maintain the year-over-year beats that we’ve had in the Ag business. Look, that’ll clear itself out. I mean one year does not make an Ag driver, an Ag market, but it’s going to be tough to sustain it through the second half, given the conditions of the marketplace.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. I think it’s a great astute observation. I’ll kind of – probably answered it on an earlier question. Those ethylene operating rates and the potential for trips and outages like Frank Mitsch was also talking about really means that cycle dynamics are approaching. I mean we call them 2016 as up cycle opportunity based on non-outage driven demand. If there’s outages you’re going to get opportunities for price increases independent of the feedstock input. This is not yet a cycle discussion, but it’s starting to mimic one with outages. I think that’s really what we saw in 1995, we need a historian on the phone, where supply outages really created a mini cycle on the up. But not a lot of new capacity. Not a lot of upside coming in terms of supply side. Decent demand around 3%. You’re going to be able to keep those operating rates into those pre-cycle dynamics. Remember though, we’re not a cycle story. We’re structurally hedged to take low cost inputs and add value to the outputs. We’re not a peanut butter over bread or toast plastics player anymore. Most of our product mix is very, very, very targeted and very, very up market value add.
Andrew Liveris: So the two major JVs are the obvious ones. Dow Corning is doing very, very well. They’re coming back as the market comes back, and their base Silicones business is doing very well. Polysilicon still has got major issues, flat demand. The whole solar discussion between the U.S. and China and resolution to the Judy [ph] question has kept their demand suppressed. But look, overall I think they’re starting to recover like many of our Downstream businesses have begun to recover based on consumer pull, construction pull and the key drivers like transportation that I referenced in the Dow mix. Kuwait, look, Kuwait is a great low-cost producer and that’s a big contributor of our equity earnings but it will swing compared with the commodity market with like oil pricing being a big driver there and like oil pricing is on a downward swing right now. It’s an up and down business but of course what makes money over any condition is a slow cost. We’ve already said we’re not going to continue to be investors in those businesses. We’re going to be redirecting our resources through the value add, low cost integrated plays like Sadara for example.
Andrew Liveris: No question, John. It’s infrastructure spend. I was just in China. I mean, they pivot the big bubbles that they created in the housing market. They’ve pivot on really trying to figure a way to continue the economy to grow at a reasonably decent rate until they get strong domestic consumption, they’ll be getting all of the good example. But in some not all areas as well. They’re investing in upscaling their water treatment plant so our sales of water treatment products are going up. That’s also construction. So I would say it’s an infrastructure driver. We particularly saw it in our Performance Materials business as well in China not just our water business. The Water Performance Materials, mostly polyurethanes as well as of course the plastics points especially in packaging and specialty plastics and elastomers in transportation. These were all strong drivers and again very targeted. And not your normal housing construction spend.
Andrew Liveris: Successful – hi, Peter. Good morning. Successful start-ups of PDH. Successful start-ups and, of course, producing positive EBITDA for Performance Materials mostly polyurethane as well as acrylic acids and reduced mostly in coatings. Successful start-up on the first units in Sadara by end of the year. The second quarter next year we’ll have quite a few more. So headwind becoming tailwinds on the EBITDA line for the Sadara enterprise which is a big deal. Places [ph] relates to Plastics side. A very, very low cost Plastics coming out of those units which is very material to the cash flow projection of Sadara. And then of course continue recovery of the global economy and Dow’s operating rate starting to get mid-80s and beyond. Probably in the high 80s by then. That capacity then will be very important to us. Some other markets in some of our key businesses not the least on being Plastics giving us price power and more EBITDA coming from that. Our productivity program which we’ll deliver on a run rate basis $300 million a year of cost savings. And then our new innovation launches and we have 5,000 of these a year right now, Peter, but we review the 50 at our board and our top 5 and their ability to produce bottom line impacts, we’ll be highlighting those. And here’s the punch line, there are going to be different ones every quarter. We have so many new innovations that we have a proliferation of new high margin products so our percent of PAM [ph] predicted sales is increasing as we speak, and so that’s enabling higher margins. So that’s just a snapshot and I’m sure I could add more. Oh the closure of Olin. I shouldn’t forget that one. That’s a biggie. Further realization of our JV consolidation strategy without being specific just to name a few others. And then we’ll see where we are with the Ag business at that point in time as well.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. Look, for sure I answered probably the technology question. Remember that we’re in maxed cap of tier in terms of resource deployment this year and into next year. The market is asking us over and over about how you’re going to deploy excess cash flows to the shareholder, and I repeat it, to the shareholder. We’ve got funding of all of our organic growth programs including hiring of lots of new skills for our new portfolio. We’ve hired 22,000 new people in the last five years, 12,000 of them are under the age of 30. We’re making the generational change here at Dow and that will be very, very evident as we go into 2016 in terms of their ability to keep running this company over the next decade and beyond.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. It’s the offsets to be very blunt. I mean, the acrylic acid and [indiscernible] business is way oversupplied and quite troubled with new capacity. And our strategy is very clear. We’re converting more and more of that into coatings. Coatings actually had a very good sequential quarter and we’re doing quite well on our coatings business. But Performance Monomers is just too much of it that supplied into a commodity like market. We’ll get a bit of help with PDH coming on for that business but it won’t help the supply demand balance. That’s a major upset and I’ve already mentioned the energy business.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. Look we have been very clear that we’re not spenders in big M&A and that’s a very important question in terms of resource deployment. As we go narrow and deeper in key markets, I think, what’s going to have to happen here is we’ll look at the opportunity to play up or play down in the Ag space and make a resource decision based on the playing up or playing down. So it’s less about the absolute amount and more about our resource deployment priorities which our shareholder remuneration and organic growth and small volume M&A. So that’s going to factor into our conversation there without revealing our hand at this point in time.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. Look, it wasn’t as much Brazil in the first half. It was really Europe and the weather situation and commodity prices through the oversupply, mostly here in the U.S., but warehouses are full. The Brazil factor will really play in the second half. And that, of course, the oversupply issue will hurt the ability to obviously reduce as much or plant as much and produce as much as we would normally see in the season. So, look, I think Brazil and Argentina, don’t forget Argentina, will loom large in the second half comparisons as I said earlier.
Andrew Liveris: Well, there’s two major macros, one on the supply side, which is – obviously there was major competitor outages that enabled us to expand margins because of supply shortages. That will disappear in the second half. But the demand side of it, as I mentioned already on China, we started up a new poly-all [ph] plant in Thailand and that’s a specialty poly-all [ph] plant that fed the Chinese market and started up and it’s flat out right now. So it is demand and it’s in demand in the areas I mentioned like construction and bedding and furniture, which is local consumption, back to the domestic drivers in China, but also our competitive position here on propylene in the United States, which means we can run the PO chain flat-out which is one of the other reasons. Isocyanates remains challenged, in particular TDI. But look, demand and tight supply especially in the PO chain.
Andrew Liveris: I think propane fundamentals remain bearish, so we’ve been actually pretty consistent in saying that. I think I’ve given Mr. Broodo accolades a few times on this comment in the last several quarters and I would do it again. When he was running the hydrocarbons group, we – full share [ph] of this several years ago, which is why – excuse me, we ended up spending the capital we did to convert over to propane flex. I think they’re going to stay fundamentally a tailwind for us for the next many quarters if not many years, and that also applies to butane by the way.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, it depends on your strategy, I think. There’s no question that if you’re going in a more commodity-like – emotions, F as in [ph] emotions, you’re going to see some price knock-on effect. It won’t be walled off to use your term [indiscernible], but certainly the strategy of Coatings is being innovation-led. And if you look at their work to be with the winners, end-use customers who are making a difference in premium Coatings, whether it be architectural or nonresidential, you’d see that that strategy’s working. I think we’ve got margin growth going on differentiation that is walling off the upstream, if you like, oversupply effect, and that strategy has been deliberate. It’s been hard to get there, but we have and we’ve got sales of new commercial grades of [indiscernible] is a good example of new product launches in the Coatings business.
Andrew Liveris: Well, I think it would force other moves. I don’t think – I think the whole consumption base to pharma [ph] is going to look at that and say, we need some alternatives here. This creates an incredible company should it combine which speaks to its integrated strategy which we’re a fan of and we’ve been a fan of as I mentioned earlier.
Andrew Liveris: I think it does speak to the earlier question, Hassan, on maximizing propane flex and especially in market Europe which we’ve done and here in the United States keeping our fleet able to flip within a day or two between ethane and propane on the in the moment decision or the balanced decision which you just talked about. As this comes to pass and I think we’d all look at that ethane supply-demand balance one and say grain of salt. I don’t think the market will let that happen based on the other consumption of let’s call it low carbon fuel in the United States. Remember, natural gas is a preferred fuel for low carbon emissions as you start to look at that from a carbon emissions point of view, you can see more of the power fleet going over to natural gas with time. So there will be natural gas production. We’ll all be dry. Probably not. Especially the shale gas. So I’d say that interplay is something we’ve strategically invested for. The way we have pure naphtha crackers left is really only the Taiwan and pretty much our Dow central Germany facility. But – we’ll look at that from a propane point of view both of them very strongly. But we’re okay on the [indiscernible] propane in a mix and in a balance on how we can manage it. We’re probably one of two or three who can do it.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. I just like to repeat that this Dow is now there are 11 quarters of execution, seven straight quarters of volume growth year-on-year, 11 quarters of EPS growth and EBITDA growth. So volume, margin, self-help, portfolio management, aggressive portfolio management, the closure of the Olin deal here in the next few months, our big projects coming online and our balance sheet in great shape. We’ve never ever had such high quality earnings. In fact, this EBITDA margin we haven’t seen since the bubble economy of 2005. And so if you think about this, this company’s quality of earnings, and all of the things in front of us, the approval of Enlist and launching that is a big product launch next year, and of course, Sadara and gulf stream our big Texas assets and buy-backs. Shareholder buy-backs and shareholder dividend increases, this is the company that we have and you can count on us to keep delivering these quarters.
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah. Good morning, David. So yeah, you’re right, equity earnings were up. They were up about $46 million versus same quarter a year ago, about $100 million sequentially. What really drove the year-over-year was the naphtha chain margins with our tied JVs and sequentially we saw a little bit of a boost there as well as increased earnings from our Kuwaiti JVs. But actually if you look at it on a first half over first half, we got no help from equity earnings. First half the equity earnings were actually down about $37 million. Relative to Sadara, we don’t release the actual number but I would say it was in line, Q2 was in line with Q2 costs. So that will ramp as we head into the back half of the year.
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah. We’ll give more details as the end of the year approaches, but the way I would think about it is Performance Plastic – first product which is at this point about 99% complete. First product will start to – is focused in Performance Plastics, right? So you’ll start to see the headwind in cost in Performance Plastics turn into a tailwind between now and the end of the year. That will ramp the – the cost headwind though will ramp in Performance Materials because those products will be starting to launch in 2016.
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah, I’ll take the first part of your question first. I mean what surprised us on upside was the strength of the naphtha chain margins. We knew they were going to come up. We didn’t expect for them to come up as strongly as they did. And the Sadara spending was actually a little bit better than we expected it to be as well.
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah, Jeff, I would say we’re not going to give you an exact number, but what we can say is it was well north of $100 million. And don’t, also don’t forget the Andrew point that we did also have some unplanned events which were probably in the range of $50 million, maybe slightly higher than $50 million. So that’s – at least I give you a couple of points to titrate from.
Howard Ungerleider: One more point on that is, is that propane’s going put a lid on ethane. They’re going to compete for a cracker to get in the cracker and so there’s competitive economics between them.
