Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining Dow's third quarter earnings call. This call is available via webcast and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments today. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow's website and through the link to our webcast. I am Pankaj Gupta, Dow Investor Relations Vice President. And joining me on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make Forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dow forms 10-Q, and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified all financials where applicable, excluding significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today, and on the Dow website. On Slide 2, you will see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin by reviewing our third quarter highlights and operating segment performance, Howard will share our modeling guidance and outlook, and then Jim will recap our strategy for disciplined value growth that we outlined at our Investor Day earlier this month and why Dow continues to be a compelling investment opportunity. Following that, we will take your questions. Now, let me turn the call to Jim.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now, let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Pankaj Gupta: Very good. I think that's all the time we have for Q&A. Thank you, everyone, for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted in Dow's website within the next 24 hours. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Thank you, Howard. Turning to Slide 9. The strategy we outlined at our Investor Day builds on our long history of industry leadership. Our plan enables us to capture demand from sustainability drivers, achieve 0 scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions, and deliver meaningful, underlying earnings, and cash flow growth for years to come. Our path to decarbonize our footprint and grow earnings is a phased, side-by-side approach that both retrofits and replaces end-of-life assets with low carbon emission facility, while also expanding our capacity. This plan will deliver a 30% reduction in our CO2 emissions between 2005 and 2030 through a disciplined approach that manages timing based on affordability, macro and regulatory drivers around the world. Our Texas 9 cracker proves that we can do this, and do it well, Texas 9 is 60% lower carbon intensity than any asset in our fleet. And that's without any specific design for carbon capture or hydrogen. The project was delivered with 20% better capital efficiency and 12 months faster than any other crackers built in that wave. Overall, the project has a 65% lower conversion cost, is running consistently at more than a 110% of nameplate capacity and has delivered greater than 15% return on invested capital since startup. We will leverage key learning from Texas 9 as we plan to build the world's first ever net 0 carbon emissions ethylene cracker and derivatives complex in Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta, delivering approximately $1 billion in EBITDA, as Howard outlined earlier. This project will more than triple our ethylene and downstream derivative capacity at the site while decarbonizing emissions for 20% of our global ethylene capacity. We selected this site due to the availability of carbon capture infrastructure, advantaged feedstocks, and supportive government policies and incentives. On Slide 10, as we capture leads attractive growth opportunities, we'll maintain our balanced and disciplined financial approach since spent. We are committed to keeping CapEx at or below DNA, well below pre -spin levels while targeting return on invested capital above 13% across the economic cycle. We will continue to align our capital spend to the macroeconomic environment, our affordability, and return targets. Our investments align to three categories. First, we'll maintain our foundation and maximize the return of our existing assets while ensuring safe and reliable operations. Second, we'll execute our pipeline of faster payback, lower-risk incremental growth projects for downstream and sustainability driven applications, growing faster than GDP. And will invest approximately $1 billion per year to decarbonize our footprint and grow earnings. These investments enable us to capture increasing demand for low carbon footprint products, while de -risking the enterprise with lower emissions assets. In closing on Slide 11, Dow is well-positioned to deliver significant long-term value for shareholders. We have actions in place to both decarbonize our footprint and grow the enterprise. As we achieve an additional $3 billion in underlying EBITDA, maintain industry-leading cash flow generation, and drive towards 0 scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions. Our balanced capital allocation approach targets more than 13% return on invested capital. Keeps CapEx within DNA and returned 65% of net income to shareholders across the economic cycle. All of this is underpinned by our industry-leading portfolio, cost position, and strong track record of innovation that enables us to deliver differentiated products and solutions for our customers and a more sustainable world. With that, I'll turn it back to Pankaj to open the Q&A.
Jim Fitterling: Thanks, Hassan. That's a great question. The impact -- the total impact of IDA was about $100 million and split third quarter, fourth quarter. So that's how you should look at that. Most of the rest of the guide was just impact on feedstock costs or raw material costs that we expect to see going into the fourth quarter. Having said that, I think demand is going to continue to be strong, and I expect our operating rates will be stronger than they were in the third quarter because of the impact of IDA. And I don't expect that we're going to have a chance to build much inventory, but our intent is to run hard through the end of the year because our customers need the demand and we need to get out in front of this a little bit.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning Vince. I expect the volumes will be better. We had St. Charles, obviously, out in the month of September, and it came back here earlier in October. So I expect fourth quarter will have the strong run. And remember, we had the turnaround in the fourth that was happening in the third quarter as well, and we're out of that. So the fourth will be back. We'll see some additional ethylene out of the fourth because the back half of that expansion started up. And I think you'll see higher volumes for the year. We're looking at volume increases for plastics like 8%, 9% for the industry. I think for fourth quarter, we manage 2% in the quarter. In third quarter, I think for fourth quarter, it will be higher than that. I do expect prices will moderate at some point. I don't know exactly when that's going to be because right now, inventories are low, but I don't think it's going to fall as precipitously as some of the forecast estimate.
Jim Fitterling: PJ, good question. I'm going to walk through several things. I would say in the near-term, the impact on silicon metal has been in China due to the restrictions from dual control. And as you know, that was driven by the higher coal prices, really pushing up the costs for the electricity producers. And the electricity producers are capped on their electricity prices, so some of them didn't run and that forced the industry curtailment. Typically, as you're going into cold weather months, industry takes the hit versus homeowners and consumers. You try to keep your people warm and so that hit silicon metals. For that reason, things became tight. We've moved some silicon metals from Brazil over to China to offset that. And we'll run through the fourth quarter book. We decided to pull a turnaround in Zhangjiagang into the fourth quarter. We had originally planned it for first quarter. We decided to do it now, that takes a little pressure off the dual control situation. That turnaround will cost us, I think on Slide 5, it's in there, $75 million in the fourth quarter. I expect we're going to see about $50 million higher cost. That's both downstream G3 silicones demand and siloxane demand are very strong. And so siloxane’s prices have gone up significantly. And so I think we're going to be in that situation for all of fourth quarter, and I would expect into first quarter as well.
Jim Fitterling: Industry -- Mike, good morning. Industry inventory and DDI fell. Industry inventories September fell about 120 million pounds. And so days and inventory had dropped, demand is obviously strong. And export demand exceeded -- domestic and export exceeded the production. Obviously, storms had an impact on that as well. We saw inventory declines in high density and linear low. And a little bit of inventory build in low density, but it isn't a significant number. So when you look at the 5 year trends and I think what we put in the slide deck to show your earlier is that the order backlog is up about 30% above normal and the inventory to sales ratio is down about 10%. I think that's going to stay in that band for the most of the fourth quarter. And as the capacity comes back from the hurricanes, we have still supply and logistics issues, so they're bottlenecks everywhere, especially when it relates to marine pack cargo or export and as it relates to product being shipped by truck. It's a little hand-to-hand combat right now on the truck driver doesn't show up, shipment gets delayed. So I think we're going to be in that situation for the rest of the year and into the first quarter.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, David. I think, a little bit bearish, the way I would categorize it, I think they are underestimating the demand that's going to be there because there still is a significant inventory restock and continued strong demand that we see coming. And I think they are overestimating how much supply. I is coming in. And if I go back to the China situation, remember that about half of those CTO/MTO capacity is out of the money right now. 60% of all the new capacity coming on in the world is in Northeast Asia, which will still be a net importer for a long time, and it's all napma or higher cost base. And so I think those things are going to soften this. I do expect prices to moderate a bit, but I think we could see a pretty strong 2022 with higher volumes, yet slightly lower prices. Operating rates were always going to be in the high 80s to low 90s for the full year. So I don't see a change there. And remember that the U.S. structural advantage, the Canadian structural advantage, our position in Argentina, our position in the Middle East are still going to remain strong.
Jim Fitterling: Hey. Good morning John. Yeah it's -- the visibility is hard to track right now. I do think that some of the moves that the government made recently to get the big ports 24/7 operation is going to help the backlog. What happens is typically when those ports get backlog, it spills over into other ports. We don't use Long Beach as much, but when traffic spills over into other ports it hits us. I would say that almost every value chain has some impact from that, and where we see the biggest impact is being able -- it's kind of blocking material getting out.  And so we're starting to see some congestion and some competing demand, product coming in. Sometimes it's faster to reload and empty containers to get it back to China, and so that competes with other materials going out. We don't see that in every quarter. But certainly on the west coast, we're seeing that right now. I would say almost every value chain we have, every application we have is short product. And I don't think there's enough material tied up in all of that floating inventory or in the warehouses that that is going to alleviate the demand, or fill the demand that's out there right now. I still think the consumer is strong and we've still got other economies that are coming back from COVID that are going to add to that demand.
Jim Fitterling: So we're starting to see some improvement in production, drilling, and completion of wells. We're going to bring more NGOs as we move out of the winter season. I believe what we're seeing short-term here is a knock-on effect as coal really ratcheted much higher in China. The first fuel that you go to that could replace coal in the fuel grid is natural gas. And then LNG obviously went right up after coal. And then the next fuel is oil. And oil came right up. And so that could cost up to $80 a barrel. I think we're going to see things will stabilize a little bit as we go into winter. Inventories are a little light of the five-year average going into winter. But you've seen prices unwind a little bit in the forward market by about $1, a million BTU, because weather plays a significant factor. So if we have a warmer fall, that's going to take a little bit of sting out of natural gas prices. Even with them the oil to gas ratio, but more importantly, the oil to gas spreads are good. And so I think that's going to continue. And if we get through winter without a really, really cold snap then I think you're going to see prices to moderate. Long term or medium term, I would say 250 to 450, for U.S. production. And long term, about 275 a million BTU for natural gas.
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. Good question on II&I and Polyurethane, I do believe that the demand and the operating rates for isocyanates will continue to stay strong into next year. Maybe a little bit lower operating rates on polyols, but the key demand drivers and value drivers are going to be those systems and solutions that are going into things like mobility, like construction, like appliances, and some extent furniture and bedding and things that are driven by consumer growth. And that'll continue to remain strong. The only thing that we've got coming that would be a detractor from those earnings would be, we've got a turnaround in this quarter on isocyanates and Sadara. But that's been planned and they'll manage that. They've been running very well. I expect to see them in good shape next year. And as you know, their fixed costs are quite low. And so I think they will be a very good source for us to fulfill that demand.
Jim Fitterling: On the mix, I think any time you get a tight situation like this, there's a natural gravitation for the mix to move up. I would also say though that we've been trying, customers are in close communication and we're trying to obviously to keep everybody running. There's a lot of juggling going on.. There are some specialty grades where it's hard to shift the mix up because things are so tight right now, especially in some of our elastomeric products. On decarbonization, I think it's just going to depend on the situation in the geographies that we're looking at, the investments. In Canada we don't need to do the bank investment into CO2 capture and sequestration. And I think there are a lot of players that are out there that have capabilities to do that. So if we can keep our investments focused on assets that generate revenue for us and generate growth for us and our zero carbon emitting, I think there's plenty of room for third parties and others to play to help us to handle the CO2.
Jim Fitterling: Yeah. I'll start and I'll ask Howard to fill out a little bit. But I'm going to start with silicones because that's an area that's grows at 2 GDP. And if you look in mobility and if you look at electronics and if you look at consumer application, they are going to continue to grow as well as, we've had expansions coming for silicons products into construction and sealants, or glass glazing for big skyscraper buildings. So that is a high GDP growth, and that's going to continue in Industrial Solutions, not only highest value return to ethylene, but also high-value downstream growth driven primarily by consumer applications. To some extent, oil and gas, which we see recovering. I know we have many, many cases where our oil and gas products help people reduce CO2 emissions in the midstream production. And then things like ECOFAST Pure, which is the partnership with Ralph Lauren where we just open sourced that technology to use that product, which would get textile mills that use cotton to switch over to a product that is -- uses 90% less chemicals, 50% less water, 50% less energy, I think that's a huge driving force towards more sustainability in an area that's a tough environmental aspect. And then if you go to PM and see, we've got continued growth in our downstream systems, which have been growing at greater than 11% per year for a long time. We'll continue those investments. We've got high-gross targets for our downstream coating business, as I continue to keep up with demand specifically traffic demand. Howard mentioned paper demand for paper cups, replacing others with our raw barges versions, and also architectural demand, which is our growth leader in that space. And then you get back to Packaging and Specialty Plastics, which is continuing to grow above GDP, about 1.4 times GDP in our forward forecast. It's very dispersed, so when we talk about $3 billion of EBITDA growth over that time period,
Jim Fitterling: is pretty evenly split between all three segments. And you're going to see about 200 to 300 million of it come on next year. And that is the projects that are already completed and will be finished by the end of the year.
Jim Fitterling: Having a mid-40s number on days of inventory is kind of an average number. But remember sometimes the inventory numbers on things that are locked up and can't get shipped out. And so I think that's the main delta and some of the data that I shared with you. I would say demand and production, I think are both going to be strong in the fourth quarter. I also think some of the shipment delays are going to moderate as we get through the quarter and I think that will help. But a 40 to 45 days of inventory is not much inventory for the polyethylene business.
Jim Fitterling: They are primarily -- the third party supply constraints are primarily industrial gas suppliers. They were racked pretty hard earlier in the year from the Texas freeze. And then they got hit again from the hurricanes in Louisiana. it is improving. I expect it will continue to improve through the quarter. And I think they're working hard. I know they're working hard to work on reliability and get the assets back up. And we're working hard as well to make sure that we've got redundancy in those supplies. So we'll take actions, like we do after events like those and make sure that we've got redundancy in supply as well. But that was the primary impact.
Jim Fitterling: I think the supply demand balances are pretty favorable through 2026 because durables demand has been outpacing the supply growth and durables pull a lot on [Indiscernible] and [Indiscernible] operating rates. And so I think you're going to see an earnings ridge in the business that we haven't seen. There have also been a fair number of delays or rationalizations of capacity. And we've also seen obviously margin up within that segment for polyurethane systems.
Jim Fitterling: I'm only going to add two things. It isn't always the linear equation when you switch from cracking ethane to propane at these propane prices. Some might expect that propane was out of the crack slate. And actually, we've been cracking a fair amount of propane because we're generating a lot more byproducts out of that and we need them all. And so it has been in the slate more than you might expect. And I think as the natural gas prices moderate going into the year, we're going to see that ethane and propane advantage in the U.S. Gulf Coast is going to be there.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Sure. Good morning Jeff. Your point about disciplined balance on the capital allocation side, it goes to the debt as well. I mean, when you think about what we get in the third quarter, it was very balanced. It was more than $500 million in dividends. It was doing another $400 million of stock buyback, and then we took out $1.1 billion of debt. To your point on the 2 to 2.5 ratio, I would say, some of our peers have a 1% swing between their low and high. So we're already giving you a better than peer view with saying our range is only a half a turn. But if you'd like me to narrow that further, I would say use the midpoint. So our long-term average is 2 to 2.5. I would say through the economic cycle, if what you want to use 2.25, that's a reasonable proxy for where we want to be, but we have the corridor there to recognize that it's a long-term target. Punctually today, using the rating agency methodology through the end of the third quarter, we're probably around 2.4, 2.5. So we have about a quarter of a turn left to go to hit that midpoint of the 2 to 2.5.
Howard Ungerleider: I'm just giving you some Dow numbers. Our DSI was down 7 days in the third quarter versus a year ago, and our overall cash conversion cycle was better by a day sequentially. So we're tightly managing our working capital.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Thanks. Frank, good morning. So the guidance we gave for the fourth quarter is 745 million shares outstanding. So if you look at where we ended the third quarter or the average for the third quarter, that's about a 5 million share reduction, which would equate to another 400 million plus or minus on stock buybacks, so essentially keeping pace with the third quarter. With that said, look, we continue to be disciplined and balanced on the capital allocation and we will continue to be opportunistic. We're staying true to our 65% of our net income going back to shareholders. Long-term 45% of the earnings growth will and the net income will go in the form of dividends. And then we'll use stock buyback to top that up to 65%
Howard Ungerleider: Yeah. On a 2 to 2.5 debt to EBITDA ratio, that's a rating agency adjusted net debt to EBITDA target. So that's over a long term. Typically the rating agencies will look at a few years back, current year, and then come up with a forward two-year forecast. So when we think about that 2 to 2.5 range or as I targeted the midpoint, in answering to Jeff's questions of 2.25, that's over a 5 to a 10 year period. So as I mentioned to Jeff, we're slightly -- we're at the higher end of that range today, so you will -- you should expect over the next several years, we'll continue to titrate that number down to the midpoint of 2.25. And depending on how things go, we might go to the lower end of that range, we'll see. In terms of the capital allocation priorities, we intend to continue what you've seen from us, which is disciplined and balanced approach. The number one priority for us is to safely reliably operate our plants. And then, the next is organic investments. So where we have low risk, high return, fast pay-back projects that helps us continue to get the through the cycle, average return on capital of the enterprise to 13% or more. We will do that. Dividends would be next. So as the net income increases, that dividend should increase in line with the 45% of net income over the cycle. And then share repurchases and we'll -- like I said earlier, we'll use share purchases to at least cover dilution, but then we will also be opportunistic and compare opportunistic share buyback to any other use of cash. And over the long run, our goal is to do the value maximizing thing.
Howard Ungerleider: Just one point on maybe on the cash flow side, on the equity earnings. If you recall that our dividends usually come from the prior year earnings. So with this year's equity earnings up, as you pointed out, then that will drive a cash flow tailwind for us next year, probably in the range of at least $200 to $300 million as we sit here today, possibly more.
