Neal Sheorey: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us to discuss the Third Quarter Financial Results for Dow. We are making this call available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments during this conference call. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow’s website and through the link to our webcast. Speaking on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dow’s Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dow’s Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all historical financial measures presented today are on a pro forma basis. And all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We’ll also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today and on the Dow website. On Slide 2, you’ll see our agenda for the call. Jim will start with an overview of Dow’s third quarter and operating segment performance. Howard will then move into a financial overview of the quarter and will also provide some comments on modeling guidance and discuss Dow’s progress against some of our key financial targets. And finally, Jim will provide a progress update on Dow’s cost and growth targets and then close with a discussion on our forward-looking view. Following that, there would be plenty of time for your questions. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Jim.
Neal Sheorey: Thank you, Jim. With that, let’s move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Neal Sheorey: Okay. Thank you, Jim. That concludes the Q&A. Thank you everyone for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow’s website later today. This concludes our call. Thank you.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, David. Thanks. In Q4, I think you’re going continue to see somewhere in the range of $65 million to $75 million come out in additional costs. Our stranded – our synergy program is done as we communicated. We had the $300 million target for stranded costs. We are at $125 million year-to-date. You’ll see another $75 million approximately come out and then another $100 million in the first half of 2020. So I think that’ll get us out of the stranded cost removals. And then as Howard mentioned, we also see about a $100 million lower interest expense next year because of the work that we’ve done on debt restructuring.
Jim Fitterling: Howard, do you want to touch on the polyethylene part? And then maybe we can also talk about what’s happening with pricing and PE.
Jim Fitterling: And Jeff on the licensing, that was a Univation license that was granted, and I think that’s the comment on the lumpy demand and so Univation still continues to license technology as people are continuing to build polyethylene capacity. I would say on PE, I think, the thing to take away for fourth quarter is that we ended $0.03 higher than the IHS integrated margin spreads in the third quarter and you’ve got ethane prices $0.18 roughly a gallon versus what everybody has expected to be greater than $0.40 a gallon. So I think as you look into fourth quarter with demand good, with inventories down in the third quarter and with that pricing outlook, I think, you should expect to see a decent plastics quarter.
Jim Fitterling: Thanks Vince. MDI and I would say siloxane versus silicones, MDI and siloxanes are bouncing around at pretty low levels, as you mentioned and I would expect them to stay in there. A little bit of term in the industrial side of the sector and in the auto side of the sector will put a pull there that would start to bring that back up, but haven’t seen that yet. With PMI really declining for the last four consecutive quarters, the big delta here is consumer has been really pulling all the volume growth and industrial hasn’t yet. But I do think with inventories being low, I don’t see any speculative activity out there and with downstream investments, like in our systems business downstream and our silicones business which are both continuing to hold up well that’s going to create a pull on that supply demand balance. And with nothing new on the horizon, I think, you’re going to see some steady improvement. We get a deal on trade if we get a phase one trade deal that obviously will be a tailwind. And I think the industry is poised right now for a little tailwind.
Jim Fitterling: Hi Chris. It’s a good question. I think what we have tried to do in 2019 is to prepare ourselves and get ourselves on solid financial footing as a new company and I believe we’ve done that. We had to get the costs out, we had to get our balance sheet in the right space, we had to make sure that that industry leading dividend that we put out there was protected. And I believe that we’ve done that. I think we’ve positioned ourselves well for an upturn in the industrial economy. The consumer side of the business is doing great. And high return projects that we’ve got for growth are really playing into that. So we don’t have a demand problem right now. There’s a little bit of supply demand imbalance that we’re working through on those commodities and that’s driven primarily by a slower industrial economy. We see strong growth in Asia, so we’re up double digits out there. We see good growth around the world. And with a little rebound in the industrial economy, you’re going to see a demand pull on the chain that we haven’t seen for four consecutive quarters. When that happens, I think, you’re going to see margin expansion and things are going to start to move up. Oil, goes up a little bit and you see the industrial economy come back. That typically pulls oil price up. That would help too.
Jim Fitterling: Good question PJ. Yes, the zero naphtha was the U.S. Gulf Coast component. And what that does is really it widens our feedstock flexibility. So it gives us another range of flexibility that we didn’t have. And that was important this quarter because ethane was really low and also propane was low in the quarter. Propane being low meant we cracked pretty aggressively LPGs in Europe. And we think that we’ll continue to do that through fourth quarter and first quarter in the next year. And sometimes in the winter time if gas prices tick up, you would see that might be limited a little bit. But the outlook for gas as we go into this winter and the inventories and the current prices, I mean, they were going to be cracking LPGs.  I don’t know if the changes that we have on cracking zero naphtha in the Gulf Coast is going to have a big impact on naphtha cost to everyone else. I would say that in Asia, the naphtha crackers today are at about breakeven margins and they’ve been there for the – especially the fourth quartile producers have been there for the last couple of quarters. So I think that pressure is going to continue even if naphtha goes down. Naphtha probably would move more based on what happens with the oil price.
Jim Fitterling: I think the bulk of what we’re moving in Asia is in food and flexible packaging, and health and hygiene materials. We also move obviously some materials into Ag films and some other Industrial & Consumer Packaging. The Consumer Packaging is holding up fine, the Industrial has been a little bit slower. But our volumes, have been good, the consumer side has been a strong pull for us around the world. And it was a very strong quarter for us in Asia. And having said that even with that demand we saw prices up at the end of third quarter up $0.03 higher than the IHS integrated margin levels. So I think that’s a combination of our own pricing activity, as well as our ability to capture the spreads by feedstock flexibility that we’ve got. We’re continuing to add products to the line to expand that consumer side and to address some of the challenges on circular economy. So you saw Agility CE in there and we’ve got a host of other recycle-ready products and things for the consumer side of the business that we think are going to continue to drive demand.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, good morning. I would say, we saw in the second quarter we also saw a couple, $200 million, $300 million improvement on an apples-to-apples basis despite lower earnings. I would say this quarter, what drove the big $500 million beat and I’m looking at apples-to-apples, so I’m taking out the voluntary pension contribution that we made last year because if you do it on a purely reported basis, we were up 1.6. But on a plus $500 million basis, it really was working capital release. So we’ve got everybody on the team really focused on improving working capital. That was the primary. And then the secondary was really the lower restructuring and spinout spending that we were talking about. But that’s going to lead into the billion dollar release 2020 versus 2019. Those are the two big components.
Jim Fitterling: I think John it was in line with architectural coatings demand. And I would say the one other thing I would throw in there is there have been a couple of customers in architectural coatings that have taken a little bit of business captive. So that has been a bit of a drag on it. The other thing is that industrial coatings demand has been down. And we had a fair amount of industrial coatings business in China and that China industrial demand has been down. But that’s, I think, in line with the rest of the market. We’re continuing to work on the coatings business in terms of the business model. So you’ll see that I talked about on the call we’ve got a new dow.com portal out there. One of the things we’re going to be doing in coatings is taking advantage of that e-commerce capability to try to broaden out our reach into that market segment. And that’s going to help us fill up some assets and get more of that coatings volume.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, I think we’re always looking at productivity gains that we can make. We’ve hit our benchmark targets in terms of cost, and structure and head count that we’ve been trying to achieve. We’re working on trying to get more productivity out of working capital, we’re working on trying to get more productivity out of our maintenance dollars. We’ve done a lot on the digital aspect and what we can do with digital technology there. Those are both going to be important. And we’ve done $3 billion year-to-date on our eCommerce platform. We’re looking to that for some growth and productivity, as we move forward.
Jim Fitterling: Hi, Matthew. We had a turnaround in Q2 that really brought things down and so that we did not have that turnaround expense in Q3. Otherwise, I would say the business volumes and the quality of the business has been good. The real drag on II&I in third quarter was equity earnings from the Kuwait joint ventures and that was because of the margin spreads on MEG. Kuwait still a low cost producer for MEG and making good returns, but we haven’t seen any demand pull to really bring that margin spread up on MEG. When that comes, I think, you’ll see the real quality of III show through.
Jim Fitterling: Those projects are still under underway. I think the 600 KTA solution PE capacity will continue to go ahead. We mentioned that. We’re going to take a look at the 450 KTA European expansion. I think, with the demand right now in Europe and with the market outlook, we don’t see a reason to push that forward to any final investment decisions right now. Everything else on that list that we put forward is underway and on the timeline that we put forward. And we’re continuing to look at some additional things like oxalate’s flexible capacity that we announced on the call today.
Jim Fitterling: I think a lot of what happened, Kevin as a new capacities came up is you saw some inventories build up and some product move out there. The demand obviously with industrial slowing down on the industrial side has been a little bit slower than what we had anticipated. The consumer side has been continuing to perform well. And so I think with some of the pressures that are on in that industrial side, that’s really been the thing that slowed the overall growth. And you are coming off a very, very strong 2018 and so I think you’re going to continue to see that there’s good balance in the supply demand going forward. I don’t think there’s any reason to think there’s been a fundamental change in the 1.4 times GDP. Our outlook for GDP next year is still around 3% globally. And so, I believe that you’re going to continue to see about 4% and 4.5% type of growth rates out of polyethylene.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, if I can Jim, I would just say on siloxanes, I think, that’s where the length and the market is today and the siloxane upstream materials. On the silicones downstream the supply demand balance is still fairly tight and there’s a lot of growth in those downstream applications to continue. But on the upstream side when you get into areas of big volume use like, for example, large commercial buildings, big industrial build, some of that has slowed down and taken a little bit of pressure off of siloxanes. There’s no new capacity coming on in siloxanes. We’re working off a lot of capacity that got added in China over the last couple of years. And I think there’s nothing on the horizon for the next two or three years in the siloxane space. So it should continue to tighten from here. If the industrial economy picks up a bit, and building construction picks up a bit, I think, you’ll see that will tighten things up. 
Jim Fitterling: Good morning Lawrence. Let me approach it this way, I think the real thing that’s changed here is you’re starting to get a sense that the pressure on the consumer goods companies from the consumers would indicate there’s probably a change in people’s willingness to pay for a more recyclable or sustainable product. And so I think that is probably the more important question than the cost of this versus virgin plastics from virgin natural gas liquids or another feed stock. If it was more competitive, that would have already been done. But the reality is there are pressures out there, and there are demands to go to a circular economy and there seems to be a growing consumer base that’s willing to pay for that. Now we just have to work out what the value chain looks like. The second thing, on the consumer side is we have a waste problem, which none of us have our heads in the sand about. We have a plastic waste issue that needs to be resolved. And in order to drive that circular economy, we’ve got to come up with a way to value the plastic waste so that it can come back into that feed stock supply. And that’s probably the bigger challenge. I think we will come up with a way to do it. I think everybody in the value chain, that’s part of the alliance that we’ve put together, is trying to figure that out. But that’s going to require some time and some things for us to work through. Meanwhile, the size of these projects that I’m talking about are going to help us learn more about what the cost positions are, are going to help us learn more about what the customer acceptance is going to be for these products and what the price point for that will be. And I think in another year or so I’ll have a better answer for you on what the relative values are.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. I would say – so on the sundry income side, Jeff the third quarter was favorable, but that was really due to a certain improved forex hedging and that goes to each of the segments proportionally. It really wasn’t a licensing and catalyst thing. On the licensing and catalyst, I would just say your description is not where I would go. I would say it’s the delta change from Q3 to Q4, we’re expecting to be $85 million. That was not the absolute number.
Howard Ungerleider: Thanks Hassan great question. We saw limited a reduction in feedstock supply. We were down about 20% for less than two weeks. So that wasn’t the real drag on Sadara in the third quarter. The bigger drag was we had a industrial gas supplier that supplies into the complex that really had an outage that really costs us on the range of $25 million, $30 million on Sadara EBITDA. And I think that’s the bigger impact. Sadara is running well right now. I don’t see any long-term issue from that. And really good cooperation and response from Aramco, real solid response.
Howard Ungerleider: And Chris, this is Howard. I would just add everything that Jim talked about really sums it up into a cash story for next year. When you think about the lower interest expense that Jim talked about of $100 million, what I talked about in the prepared remarks of the billion dollars of cash coming out of restructuring costs, from 2019 into 2020, it really is a cash flow generation story as we head into next year.
Howard Ungerleider: I don’t think you’ll see a dramatic change Duffy. I think demand in Asia has been good. We were up double digits in Asia Pacific. And I think we’re going to continue to see strong demand there. I think the supply demand in North America, inventories went down 3% at the end of third quarter, about 176 million pounds and price went up in September. So I think that tells you there’s some underlying good demand pull that’s out there. And I think we’re going continue to see that evolve that way.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes so on the uses of cash this year on a full year basis you are looking at about a $1.5 billion on cash tax and interest expense, you are looking at $2 billion on CapEx, about $1.2 billion on restructuring and then the dividend of $2 billion and $0.5 billion on Sadara. And that’s kind of the makeup of the key pieces that get you on the uses of cash. Relative to the Nova proceed you saw that we announced right after within a two or three days of receiving the cash we did the make whole call on the $1.25 billion worth of bonds. So that just helps us continue to improve our maturity profile and smooth it out. And it obviously will also help lower the interest expense going into next year.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, look on Sadara I would say one of the things that we’re working on with our partner Saudi Aramco is achieving project completion. We’ve got one last step, which is finalizing a rail agreement with the Saudi rail authority in Sadara. That’s in its final stages. Our plan right now and I’ll be in the kingdom, in the next couple of weeks, our plan right now is to get PCB done before the end of the year. And then we’ll be looking at negotiating with the lenders on re-profiling the debt. But I would say for modeling purposes, Steve, I would just use another $500 million next year. And then we’ll have more to say as we get that refinancing done. Jim do you want to talk about productivity for next year, you might take it.
