Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining Dow’s first quarter earnings call. This call is available via our webcast and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments today. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow’s website and through the link to our webcast. I am Pankaj Gupta, Investor Relations Vice President for Dow and joining me on the call today are Jim Fitterling, Dow’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides. During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dow’s Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties, which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items. We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release, in the slides that supplement our comments today and on the Dow website. On Slide 2, you will see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin with the first quarter highlights and will discuss the company’s operating segment performance. Howard will provide our modeling guidance and our latest benchmarking performance. And then Jim will close with an update on our plastics circularity roadmap and market outlook. Following that, we will take your questions. With that, I will turn the call over to Jim.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now let’s move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you. Thank you for everyone. Thank you to everyone for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. For your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow’s website within 24 hours. This concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Howard Ungerleider: Thank you, Jim. Moving to Slide 5, as we turn to the second quarter, market demand remains robust in packaging, electronics, mobility, architectural coatings as well as consumer durable end markets. While sectors like home care have begun to normalize, we do expect additional upside on continuing economic recovery in the industrial sector. And as travel, workplace and social activities resume, they will also provide a boost in demand for higher margin personal care applications as well as across the service sectors of the global economy. These constructive market trends will continue to support top and bottom line growth across all Dow operating segments in the second quarter. We are entering turnaround season in the Northern Hemisphere and we expect increased spending of approximately $125 million sequentially, particularly in the U.S. Gulf Coast, including a turnaround at one of our crackers in Louisiana. We also expect an additional $100 million from outages, including a third-party supply disruption on the U.S. Gulf Coast. Collectively, robust demand, tight supply, low inventories and increased raw material costs are providing support for prices across many of our value chains. We expect the constrained industry inventory levels to continue in the second quarter, preventing inventory builds until later this year as we focus on clearing the growing backlog of customer orders. All combined for the second quarter, we expect approximately $750 million to $800 million in higher earnings versus the prior quarter from a combination of earnings momentum in our key chains and lower sequential costs from winter storm Uri. This earnings growth will be partially offset by approximately $200 million to $250 million in higher costs from turnarounds and the third-party outage I mentioned. Altogether, we expect second quarter to be our strongest performance since spin. Moving to Slide 6, we are also updating a few key items in our full year modeling guidance. The positive momentum I just mentioned will also benefit our joint ventures, particularly Sadara. We also expect to see slightly higher turnaround spending than previously anticipated as winter storm Uri has put some upward pressure on the cost of materials and labor in the U.S. Gulf Coast. Finally, our decision to freeze our U.S. pension plan accruals and contribute $1 billion to the U.S. pension plan, along with the subsequent remeasurement, provides an approximately $200 million tailwind to pension expense year-over-year. Overall, for the remainder of the year, we continue to see broad-based economic momentum, recovery from winter storm Uri and elevated consumer demand. Moving to Slide 7, today, we also released our annual benchmarking update, which is available on our investor website and in this earnings presentation. I continue to be very proud of our team’s efforts to achieve top quartile results across most of our peer comparison performance metrics. To summarize our results, at the enterprise level, our focus on cash extended Dow’s advantage on EBITDA to cash flow conversion and enabled free cash flow performance above peers, above the industry as well as above the broader market. This supported our continued leading dividend yield and further strengthened our balance sheet even through the pandemic. We also maintained our top quartile cost management and margin performance. At a segment level, Packaging & Specialty Plastics outperformed the pure median across adjusted operating EBITDA margin, free cash conversion and SG&A and R&D spend. And Dow’s operating EBITDA per pound of polyolefins capacity continues to outperform peers, expanding further in 2020. Both industrial intermediates and infrastructure as well as Performance Materials and Coatings, outperformed the pure median on cash conversion as well as on SG&A and R&D spend. We do see near-term opportunities to improve adjusted operating EBITDA growth by continuing to implement our faster payback, higher ROIC expansions. This includes our ethylene cracker expansion in Canada, our FCDh retrofit, our polyglycols expansion and our downstream silicones expansions as well. And projects like the South China Specialties Hub will enable us to capture higher value polyurethane systems and alkoxylates demand in the fast growing Asia-Pacific market. Looking ahead, we are well positioned to grow earnings and maintain our track record of cash generation. Our differentiated consumer-led portfolio with leading positions across most of the markets we serve enables us to capture growth in our key value chains and ongoing market recovery in automotive and personal care. For example, in the mobility global megatrend alone, electric vehicles use 3x to 4x more Dow silicone products than traditional vehicles. Together, our strong operational, financial and commercial playbook supported by the broadening economic recovery, positions Dow well for future earnings and cash flow growth. With that, I will turn it back to Jim.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Jeff, good morning, pension expense, when you look at pension and OPEB, it’s around $100 million is our expected expense this year, which is going to be down a couple of hundred million dollars as we talked about in the prepared remarks.
Howard Ungerleider: Hassan, this is Howard. The only thing I would add is your math that you articulated in your question is spot on.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. John, good morning. The Sadara re-profiling is done. As you know, it was – it took us about 2 years to get it all done, but we got it done within the timeframe that we committed to. The maturity date is now extended out to 2038. There was no upfront or prepayment of any of the outstanding debt. There is a grace period until June of 2026 on any principle, and the guarantees were significantly reduced. When you look at Sadara’s operating performance, it really was a standout. I mean, all of our joint ventures did well in line with our core earnings growth that we reported. But when you look at the threee joint ventures, Sadara actually had the best earnings growth, both year-on-year, as well as sequentially. And if they keep up this pace, they likely will be paying off some additional principal still this year, which was not expected when we did the re-profiling. So really strong performance from Sadara.
Howard Ungerleider: Hi, Vince. Good morning. This is Howard. So our underfunded status on the pension plan at the end of the quarter was $6.4 billion, and that was a decrease or an improvement of $2.3 billion versus year-end 2020, which is a combination of the voluntary contribution plus the remeasurement that we took at the end of the quarter.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. And I would just say on, John, on the equity earnings line, your math is right. There is some seasonality to think about MEG out of equate, but also there is higher turnaround expenses. So you got a higher turnaround expenses in Sadara this year, as well as Thailand, as well as the Kuwait. So you’ve got to subtract that extra $100 million plus from the turnaround as well.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Kevin, look, when we came out at spin, we were looking at the capital structure and that whole discussion. We talked about trough earnings around $6 billion. Last year, it was $5.6 million. So we were definitely in a trough. We got there because of the pandemic more than anything else. And peak earnings with the portfolio at spin was between $12 billion and $13 billion. And now we continue to add additional incremental growth projects from there. So you pick a number, but we still have a significant amount of upside as you head into, hopefully, a continued economic up cycle from here, even with that first half annualized that you talk about.
Howard Ungerleider: The other point on PM&C is really the Zhangjiagang asset. So we have three big pillar plants that produce siloxanes around the world, one in the U.S., one in Europe and one in China. And the one in China was out for a big chunk of the first quarter. So obviously, we were unable to produce, and we had all that fixed cost that was – that went unabsorbed that dropped to the bottom line as a negative impact, as you saw.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. If anything, Duffy, I would say you should see our unit margins improve, because right now, we’re marketing 90% plus of the Sadara volume, but we obviously only own 35% of the equity. So that really – and we get a very – we only get a very, very small marketing fee on those volumes. So as that shifts more to our equity ownership in the JV, our unit margin should actually increase just because of that dilution. And remind me what your pension – what was the specific pension question, we might not – going back.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, so I mean, look, with the pension smoothing that went in with the last bill, we don’t have really any mandatory pension payments that we need to put in, in the U.S. plans for the next several years. So that was about – it’s probably about a $300 million to $400 million savings. From a voluntary standpoint, look, I am a believer that interest rates will move up over time. And so it doesn’t take much from an interest rate perspective and maybe 1 year of additional EROA to really get that plan close to fully funded. So with that said, we will be opportunistic. And if it makes sense economically, I mean that $1 billion voluntary pension payment was a very good economic decision for the company. And so we will continue to look at that year-by-year from an economic perspective. And if it’s value creating, we might do it, but we will compare that to the other capital allocation priorities that Jim laid out earlier on the call.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning David, as you noted, obviously, we continue to see strong demand growth in plastics. And if you look at our sales, we are looking at 3% to 7% higher sales in the quarter. And obviously, operating rates should be much improved given that we won’t have the impact of winter storm Uri. We do have some turnarounds, as Howard mentioned, so we have a Louisiana Cracker that’s down. But having said that, it looks like supply is going to be greater than demand for the foreseeable future. I don’t anticipate we will be looking at any kind of an inventory build until probably the fourth quarter. And so with that, kind of a year that feels like 13 months of demand and 11 months of supply, and it looks like raw material costs are going to continue to remain low.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning P.J., and the margins in polyethylene, I think, are reflective of a couple of things; improved spreads in ethylene, and that obviously has been driven by the fact that ethane costs remain low, natural gas costs remain low, and oil has recovered from kind of an unreal scenario a year ago today. And that’s raised, obviously, the naphtha pricing and that’s raised the floor around the world. The other thing that’s happened though is we had growth in plastics and packaging, even through COVID. And so most people were expecting businesses to be down during that time. And I think they underestimated how much growth is there. We are seeing growth over 2020 in plastics. We would have seen in the first quarter without the winter storm. And so we are going to see that continue to grow. So, I think we have got continued outlook for high earnings through the year on plastics. On bioplastics, we are doing some work right now on biomaterials to make plastics, really looking at wood byproduct derivatives that we can use to blend in with naphtha. We are doing some work with Fuenix Ecogy Group to bring recycled materials back in. One of the challenges with bioplastics is not so much the degradability that everybody in the market likes, but it’s their thermal stability in terms of being able to form them and do what you need to do with them, and then have them have the kind of durability you need for food packaging. But we are open to collaborations in those areas, and we are always looking for new things that we can do in that space.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning Frank, we have got $0.09 up for April and another $0.05 up for May in the U.S. and the April order book is very solid. So, I think that’s a strong, strong probability. Look, in most of our businesses beyond even plastics, the order book for the first quarter is very solid. A combination of some backlog that got created from the winter storm and just the normal demand by the year-over-year improvements we see in construction, we see in automotive, we see in consumer durables, we see in electronics. So, my feeling is that it’s constructive for the year and our outlook for raw materials costs are going to continue to remain low throughout the year.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. Good morning, Steve. It’s a good question because I think most of the third-party views out there are kind of taking the worst case scenario. And so that would be the bottom end of what we think the ranges of operating rates are. We are going to be in the 90s in both ethylene and polyethylene for the quarter, unless there is some unplanned event. And as we sit here today, there is probably about 15% of that capacity off-line, which is well in excess of what we normally have. We normally have probably 6% to 8% off-line. Same is true for polyurethanes and isocyanates. You see the downstream demand pull is very strong. And siloxanes pricing improvements is all driven by downstream demand improvements. So, my sense is that we are going to be in strong operating rate territory for the entire year. I don’t think we will be building inventory until maybe possibly the end of fourth quarter, which – and that all depends on whether we have a slow fourth quarter or not. But there is upside in automotive, there is upside in travel, there is upside in construction and home, there is backlog in appliances and long lead times. Everything is pointing in the direction of high operating rates.
Jim Fitterling: Yes. If you look at IHS forward view on pricing, they have got $0.12 a pound quarter-over-quarter for the United States. And in Europe, they have actually got a reduction, a slight reduction, and Pacific they have got a slight reduction. My sense is that the U.S. margins are going to see that and I think we’re going to continue to see demand strong in China. We’ve seen a good rebound there. And then in Europe, we’ve seen good demand. It hasn’t been as strong as the rest of the world. Obviously, the virus, it’s had a little bit more impact. And Latin America has been similarly hit a little bit hard with the virus. But I think as the quarter progresses, I think we have the potential to see that firm up a little bit.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, Laurence, and thanks for the question. This is one of the things I think that everybody is trying to wrestle with, and it’s a very local issue because it gets into a variety of moving parts, including what’s the cost to landfill materials. I would say that the demand pull is there from the brand owners and from the marketplace for more recycled content, and that’s what’s driving the investments. To date, most of the investments have been around mechanical recycling because it’s very low cost, and it’s also low energy intensity. And so the growth in those applications is great. But there is a limit to what that can do. So when you get into flexible packaging and a few other areas, you need advanced recycling. And there you get into technologies like pyrolysis and gasification to make that happen. And that’s a little bit more expensive. So as we move forward, I would think we’re going to need to see a market-related price on carbon, which has been discussed in the EU and is also going to start being discussed here in the United States to help create that gap and that value will drive that return. And it’s a little bit early to get into huge capital numbers or return numbers. What we’re doing today is piloting different technologies, trying to prove out business models that work. And then once we see what works and we can replicate it, we will come back and we will talk more about what the investment looks like.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, and on Mura, it’s really taking advantage of their technology to use all forms of plastic waste, some of which I mentioned are unrecyclable today. So we will make an investment, it’s not a material investment in terms of dollars to help scale the technology, but we will also increase the amount of advanced recycled material as feedstock for our own assets. The pilot facility is going to be in the UK and it’s a hydrothermal plastic recycling solution that is developed by Mura. And we will continue to work with them to prove that out. And to help develop products that will perform in the marketplace to drive growth in that sector.
Jim Fitterling: I think on – when you get into Polyurethanes and II&I, Polyols is very tight right now, and I expect that to continue to be the case. And isocyanates will have good operating rates through the year as this demand in construction and also automotive continues to grow. If you looked at coatings, I expect monomers to be tight through the year given the improvements in downstream coatings. And obviously, architectural has been strong. If we see a boost up in the do-it-yourself or the contract side of coatings market, then we could see another leg up and some more tightness in that sector.
Jim Fitterling: Good morning, Arun. Look, I just want to go back to the first quarter comment on PM&C. So I don’t think the first quarter is reflective of the market for PM&C. And I don’t think the business continues to struggle. Downstream silicon is the high-margin part of Silicones downstream got hit pretty hard during COVID, obviously, personal care applications. But also we saw construction down really last year, and it’s starting to come back. So right now, you’re starting to see strength in siloxane, you’re starting to see strength in construction. Mostly it’s been residential construction, but it’s moving back into high rise buildings. Again, consumer electronics is driving it. Industrial manufacturing is driving it, and mobility, as Howard mentioned. EVs is really positive for us on a Dow overall standpoint. We get about twice – 50% more content on an EVs than an internal combustion engine. On a silicon standpoint, we’ve got about 3 to 4x more than an internal combustion engine. So we’re seeing surges there. So I think you’re going to see PM&C improve as the year goes through. And obviously, we’d had a much better quarter without the Deer Park downtime and the extension of that due to the winter storm Uri. So I would say, let’s look at PM&C as the year progresses. I think you’re going to see a good story coming out of that business.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, good question. And I think we will ramp into it. A lot depends on what we see in downstream demand. And if we continue to see these downstream demand pools, we’re going to have to ramp into that post this year. We’ve also got to look at investments that we’ve been talking about on sustainability as well. Our depreciation level is about $2.2 billion. And so I think our first ramp would be to that level. And then we have discussions here and with our investors as we get opportunities to go beyond that. And obviously, you have to look at the value creation of that.
Jim Fitterling: Yes, I think when it comes to additional capacity, I think the answer to that is yes. I think the demand is going to continue to grow. Obviously, you can see the leverage that we have to the upside on margins. So I’ll leave that – what the margin spread for ‘22 looks like out of the equation. But we probably got $100 million, maybe $150 million of additional accretive earnings based on these new incremental expansions in ‘22. And these things that I mentioned earlier, polyethylene glycols came online in first quarter, just about a month ago. And the furnace at the Fort is up and has half of its rate already, and it will get the other half of its rate at the end of the year. And then we’ve got some other alkoxylation investments that will come on next year in II&I. We’ve got some investments in, obviously, silicones. Last year, we did more than 15 incremental investments. This year, we’ve got another 15 for high-margin downstream Silicones materials. And so those will come on. And then we’ve got miscellaneous debottlenecking going on everywhere to try to get incremental growth out.
