Andrew Liveris: Thank you, Doug, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us. If you turn to slide four, this was a strong quarter for Dow, and our results reflect the deliberate actions we’ve taken and continue to take across our portfolio. We are pleased with our performance, despite ongoing macroeconomic headwinds in most parts of the world. Notwithstanding this strong performance, we will continue to stay focused and keep taking proactive measures to maintain this strong trajectory and deliver earnings growth. Our action plans are working, and we are squarely aligned behind what we need to do in the next 12 to 24 months to maintain this earnings momentum. So here are some highlights from the quarter: adjusted earnings per share of $0.64, representing a 16% increase year over year. The receipt of the K-Dow award cash payment was a critical accomplishment this quarter. In line with our stated cash priorities, we immediately applied these funds to pay down debt. Our cash flow from operations saw significant improvement, up $2.8 billion year over year, driving our net debt to total capital ratio down to 36.4%, achieving levels not seen since 2008. These actions are immediately accretive in value and go right to our bottom line. In total, we expect to deliver interest expense reductions of approximately $150 million year over year in 2013. And, as you think about our strong balance sheet, we now have the flexibility to move forward and evaluate additional opportunities to remunerate our shareholders. On the top line, our company delivered 7% growth in emerging geographies, which represented 34% of total company revenue in the quarter, and in the agricultural sciences segment, we achieved record second quarter sales with double-digit growth. And of course, there is our performance plastics segment, which delivered $1 billion of EBITDA and expanded margins by 700 basis points, driven by our tremendous low-cost feedstock advantage on the United States Gulf Coast and our focus on higher-value markets. Here, as you know, we have significant investments in place in this region that will drive further EBITDA growth and margin expansion as we grow our packaging franchise and build on our competitive advantage. All of this enabled us to deliver EBITDA growth and margin expansion at an enterprise level: strong results delivered by a very focused team. All of these accomplishments during the quarter, the strong operating discipline; the focus on cash, cost and capital; plus the K-Dow award cash payment, had delivered a balance sheet that is back to strength. This fact, plus our ongoing $1.5 billion stock repurchase plan, have us poised to deliver increased shareholder remuneration in the next 12 to 24 months. I’ll have more to say on this later in the call, and in subsequent shareholder communications. But now, let me turn it over to Bill for more detail on our financial and operating results in the quarter.
Andrew Liveris: Firstly, as you can all tell from the chart that you’re referring to, slide 18, the six months of work I referred to is producing outcomes and we, as your observation has suggested, we provided this fresh granularity so you can see where we are heading from the point of view of improved and fixed. And when you marry that with the point you’re making in integration, these aren’t simple things to go get. The red bubble businesses, especially chlorine, are very integrated. But we have done it before, and the red bubbles are indicative of where we’re prepared to do it again. This is not an announcement. We are in the business of moving those businesses to higher ROC territory, whatever it takes, and I’m just giving you the heads up that we have the expertise to do it, and I think that’s a good reason.
Andrew Liveris: Well, that particular unit, the [Texas Seven], was a $30-40 million type hit, if you like, and it’s one-time. So yeah, to the extent that it could have even been a bigger result than the one you saw, as you well know, Bob, the balances going forward into 2014 all go very, very well for everyone exposed to the positive dynamics around ethylene, polyethylene, and the downstream value adds like we are. So we believe this unit, this number that it’s achieved, we haven’t seen since ’05. 2005 was a commodity peak. We have changed the portfolio substantially since then to high value-add applications like packaging. If you take the high value applications like packaging, hygiene, and medical, and the feedstock dynamic, and a cyclical peak coming forward, this unit, to achieve this result during this period of time, not only was indicative of how strong it is, but how much more it can do as we enter 2014/2015.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, the performance materials and [unintelligible] infrastructure, that’s why we gave you the graded granularity on slide 18, that was asked about in the first question. Not everything’s equal in there, and so the cost reduction programs are across the entire enterprise, not just in the corporate bucket you just referred to. What you are seeing, though, is the epoxy business is getting tough competition out of China and Asia that is destroying margins, and going down below cash cost margins. We’re not the first to tell you that. Others in the game are telling you that. So that’s why that business in particular is fairly troubled. The chlorine derivatives point that was made, the way we do chlorine, you know, frankly, we’re not in the PVC business, so as a consequence of that, lots of margin compression based on their commoditization. And then last but not least, propylene and its volatility is hurting, for now, the acrylics envelope as well as the PO envelope. Those have got fixes in front of them, which is the 450 basis points coming from Sadara and PDH and all the things we’re doing. From here to there, we’re going to bridge over. So the margin deterioration, we’ve taken out assets, we’ve got more assets. The run rate for those take outs will start to hit the second half. You can start to see improvement therefore in performance materials as a whole as that happens to take hold specifically inside of their reporting segment. The corporate stuff will appear across the entire enterprise, and you’ll start to see that as well. We make no bones about it. There is work we need to do in parts of those two units, and that’s what you just heard us on the call. We will get it done, so we get that $500 million EBITDA saving to the bottom line this year as promised.
Andrew Liveris: There are three ways we make money in performance plastics, and we believe two of the three you’ve seen the results and you’ll see more of. One is the value add. We have a unique plastics unit that is value add in the packaging, hygiene, and medical space that is different to 90% of the competitors you see out there, especially the guys who are very reliant on just the commodity cycle. So we are not reliant on the commodity cycle is number one. Number two, our unique ethylene footprint being in low-cost jurisdictions. You know, the 70% post the expansion to low-cost jurisdictions which we’re investing against. And number three is the question you’ve asked. Look, GDP forecasts, as you know, are all over the map. We have factored into our views a lower GDP scenario operating rate. And so that’s why we’re into the 2014 discussion in terms of the cycle coming into play. And you know, frankly, if you look at the run rates and the oil and gas arbitrage, if that indeed puts pressure on the guys who are in NAFTA, there will be capacity rationalization during this period of time, so that’s the one scenario. Frankly, there’s about 9 million metric tons in Europe and Asia that’s under that type of pressure. So that will be capacity take out that will fulfill the operating rate number being in the 90, 91, 92 frame that will give us the evidence of a cycle. Of course, the other scenario is the one where GDP is even better and then of course the discussion is over. The operating rate will lift. So under either scenario, firstly we have three ways to make money in this business, and the third way, when that operating rate hits, we believe the low GDP scenario is a 2014 event.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, the Sadara capacity 2015 and beyond, the balance would suggest that NDI should be fine under the weak GDP scenario. The market share gains you’re referring to for us for polyurethanes are particularly out of our Thai assets, which were the [unintelligible] and propylene glycol side of the conversation. But look, NDI and our forecast suggest it will be fine in the weak GDP scenario. Remember one thing that’s going on, which is the consumer matters in polyurethanes. So furniture, bedding, construction, these are all very good things that are associated with [unintelligible] and as the U.S. is showing strong demand in the consumer side on housing and the renovations of all that, and China becomes more of a consumer society. Very instructive in China for us this quarter was how much demand was coming out of west China. This is all new consumer demand. So look, again, we’re not declaring victory on China yet. China’s got a long way to go to recalibrate its economy. [unintelligible] recalibrate it around consumption, that’s more domestic consumption, consumer-driven, which will help polyurethanes and therefore help NDI.
Andrew Liveris: Frank, I want you to note, not that I speak to graphics often, but the graphic that we provided you in the deck, on slide 19, has an arrow within an arrow, which is, if you look at the debt reduction arrow, that’s pointed to shareholder remuneration. Bill’s good work on the balance sheet plus the preferreds as we address those releases value, releases cash, and as I said in my prepared remarks, totally oriented to shareholder. And that’s our mindset. So whatever lens you put on it, the debt paydown lens, the preferred lens, the actual direct cash is geared to the shareholder. I said that in the remarks, and just reinforcing it with the graphic on slide 19, supporting Bill’s comments.
Andrew Liveris: And not to forget Enlist. So this is the biggest launch that we’ve ever had. So, look, that [unintelligible] that you’re asking about, as Bill said that will improve with the quarters, but give yourself a 2014/2015 kind of anchor to see the target EBITDA margins will start to inflect the other way.
Andrew Liveris: You’re asking for information that we’re not ready to release. Look, we are going to talk much, much more about this granularity going forward. That’s what we promised last year, and the slide is an indicator of our willingness to do it. But I would tell you that electronic materials is all green. So we are in good shape. And functional materials as a portfolio, lots of high tech, high margin businesses. Just roughly two-thirds good, and the rest kind of less than good, but no reds.
Andrew Liveris: No, I’m not worried about that at all. If they feel that way, I’m sure Bill could have a lot to say to them about it. But look, as you said, we’re reinventing some very key things, and very focused on the shareholder you led in with. There are going to be small bolt ons in ag and in water and electronics, but they aren’t worth the conversation. They’re very accretive and we explore them globally when we do them. So the key mode of action is that slide 18, which is we’re going to be in the business of improving ROC by culling from the bottom. And we’re going to grow the growers, and we’re going to fix or eject the ones that aren’t growing, all with the single focus of cash. If I get a bored M&A department out of that, then so be it. That’s the least of my concerns.
Andrew Liveris: Look, the comments on CNBC are not new in the sense that I have been very clear that competing against countries that subsidize through their financial weapons, these competitions that we get from the commodity side, is a trend that won’t go away. It really started in the Middle East in the 80s as you well know, and has now gone around the world. And we’re seeing it from every country. So there’s no question. Epoxy resin’s a good case in point right now. We’re getting competition out of China, you know, and it’s been commoditized. So look, I think all options are on the table. We will continue to move away from competing against people that really don’t have the same financial metrics as our shareholders demand. And so I agree with you. This is the way you should think about our company going forward. And frankly, all options are on the table. The difficulty of disintegration has to be taken into account, but as I said in my prepared remarks, we are willing to attack that, as witnessed by our Styron divestment. So I think you’re spot on, Peter.
Andrew Liveris: The effective price was the 2%, one half of that was currency, of course, so it is different around the world. There’s no question was the deflationary actions out of China in the last year, where they’ve stopped spending, they’re a big buyer. And once you get a big buyer out of the market, no matter how specialty you are, you’re going to see some volatility on the price equation if they’re not buying anything. So as a consequence of that, we’ve had mixed price performance across the segments. I will tell you that right now the pricing environment is on the cusp of changing momentum-wise. You know, we have charts we run here, green, yellow, red. There’s enough green on these charts where we’re value sellers not volume sellers, based on improving margins through lower cost but also higher prices, based on the functionality of our product. Two-thirds of the mix is now much more technology driven. We’re just redirecting ourselves to more and more of that value sell, knowing that some of it’s going to be subject to deflationary issues such as hydrocarbons. But going forward, I think we’re not counting on market share gains as a way to run this enterprise. We’re basically counting on value share gains. And then those businesses that can’t do it, like the ones with the red dots on slide 18, frankly we’re going to run them with very, very low cost models and eventually eject.
Andrew Liveris: There’s a few polyurethanes, and the way it’s written, polyurethane systems, that there’s quite an envelope in there. So I think it was Hassan who asked about the NDI piece. There’s no one answer to your question. On the downstream side, the systems side, I’ve already made comments on U.S. construction and China consumer and all the things that are going on. We’re quite confident we can still be strongly green there in the system side, and frankly you might argue that if you peeled it out it might be green already. The real issue is inside of the polyurethane [unintelligible] components, TDI, propylene oxide, and NDI. Look, we’ve got fixes in place for all three to not make them red, but obviously to improve the yellow. But some of those fixes, given the asset sizes, are truly low-cost positions and removing the volatility of inputs, where Sadara and PDH are the best fixes. And that’s really 15-18 months from now. Between now and then, the pressure on the pieces of the businesses that are running in the yellow, if you like, not be red, is all about costs, costs, costs. So in other words, we’re going to keep them pretty buttoned down until such time as the low cost capacity comes onboard. And frankly, as that comes onboard, we’ll look at rationalization as one of the outcomes.
Andrew Liveris: I think the one you’re asking about from a permit point of view is of course what we call the Texas Nine cracker, which is a large one, which is a 2017 startup. And at the moment, we are on track and frankly there’s nothing that’s going to delay that from 2017 from this point in time, including permits.
Andrew Liveris: Clearly the delayed planning in North America impacted the delay, and there’s no question that it impacted in particular the U.S. results, northern hemisphere in general. We see strong sales from a Q3/Q4 point of view in Latin America, just like some of our peers have reported, being, if you like, an unusual second half event compared to normal second half. And just to remind you, we have corn share of 16% in Brazil and 13% in Argentina. So we are very well-positioned, especially the launch of PowerCore last year on the corn trait adoption cycle. So, look, the soybean versus corn comparison is also a big deal. As you know, the first part of the Latin American season is normally soy. So we do expect to see acreage increase there for soy and corn economics will still stay good. So yeah, there will be some of that, delay out of North America, plus a strong back half for Latin America.
Andrew Liveris: I think the notable increases in volumes, so polyurethanes, was what let me to that question in response to the west China point in particular. Packaging, that will show up in packaging, with strong, obviously, performance by our polymer business, polyethylene and [unintelligible] packaging enterprise. But not just that, the [unintelligible] as well. Autos and Dow Automotive, in particular what they’re doing with respect to especially sealants and adhesives. [unintelligible] solvents, polyglycols, surfactants in general, which feed, if you like, the industries that feed the consumer. And then Dow Agroscience. I think Dow Agroscience is increasing, albeit off a small base. And then last but not least, functional materials and coatings and infrastructure, in particular Dow Coatings and Dow Water.
Andrew Liveris: We think electronics is one of those businesses that is moving in a positive direction in the second half, as an industry. We’ve seen that from the downstreams, from the space where we actually directly supply, whether it be Apple or Samsung or Intel. You’ve seen what they’re doing with increased capex for example. There’s clearly a strong move on display technologies, where we’re increasing our presence in [unintelligible] technologies, so OLED and films, for example, from our product mix. And there’s no question that semiconductor technologies are on their way up as well, and [interconnect] technologies. So look, I’d say it’s a positive momentum play, not flat.
Andrew Liveris: I’d say both of those are on the table, and both are available, and I think we know that we have to do some action there, and we’ve been working on that. And DMCA, as you know, was one of those actions that was from three years ago. As that starts up, it will be new low cost capacity, right down our sweet spot, because we take the [Corning] for our value add, our partners take it for their business and downstream [EDC/VCM] etc. You can expect that type of innovative answer as well as rationalization. And all options are on the table.
Andrew Liveris: I wouldn’t use the word imminent, but I would definitely agree with you opportunity. I mean, there’s no question. Remember, the Enlist soybean license with DuPont is global. And of course, to your point, incredibly valuable in the Latin American market for the reasons you’ve stated. But look, there are other opportunities, and I think of course what you said about the registration, it’s going to be a powerful positive for our presence down there, whether it be direct or through licensing.
Andrew Liveris: There’s no question that if you tear the oxy piece out, which we’ve done on slide 18, you already see the acrylics business, which is mostly the legacy Roman and Haas that’s on that slide, almost touching green. So that should tell you straight away that where the problem child has been in coatings and infrastructure. Not to mention, of course, that in that unit we report Dow Corning, right? So you’ve got to correct the segment for that in addition. But acrylic margins are moving upwards. They’re moving upwards because of the recovery in the housing market, as well reported from our downstream customers, and frankly the year or two ago issues that we’ve had in performance monomers out of Deer Park, we’ve put a lot of money into Deer Park to upgrade it, and to have it reliable, and it’s running as good as it’s ever run, in fact way better, safely. And our [unintelligible] integration in Saudi Arabia, as that starts up, that’s well-positioned for low cost inputs for the downstream emulsion businesses in the emerging countries. So look, I think we’ve got the right parameters, not to mention of course the propylene back integration of [PDH] will be helpful to acrylics. So those things will make that yellow bubble on slide 18 cross the green threshold.
Andrew Liveris: It’s definitely showing up in the United States. Europe, as you know, is a very troubled downstream consuming market, but it certainly is affecting Europe. But mostly it’s showing up in the United States.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, look, thanks everyone for listening to us today. I would say there’s no question that it was a strong quarter for us. We put self-help in place late last year. The weak macros is our prevailing assumption. The self-help is turning up in our results, and we’re very strongly pleased with that. It’s showing up in our cash flow story too, the question that was asked. The cash flow story means that we are prioritizing uses of cash, as you saw with the K-Dow award to the balance sheet, and that is liberating more opportunities to reward shareholders. We are poised to keep improving the ROC of the company. We’re giving you more granularity in slide 18, as already indicated by all the questions. That said, we’re going to be taking more action, and with the share buyback program we’ve already announced, and as we take more actions, since the shareholders are our singular focus. We are taking out costs in a weak macro. We’re not counting on tailwinds. But we’re investing in technologies that help in this macro-environment, like packaging, like advanced materials, like Dow Agriculture. And those investments are paying off And as you look at our next couple of years, our path to $10 billion is very, very short, $10 billion of EBITDA. So our focus is on the shareholder, and our ability to keep growing earnings, in our view, is in our control, and if there’s a tailwind out there that eventually happens, that’s all a bonus. So thank you, Doug, and thanks everyone for listening.
Bill Weideman: And to that point, the other thing in my prepared comments, I’d highlighted St. Charles operations, as previously announced, would add $150 million of additional EBIT this year. And a significant portion of that will occur in the second half of the year. So that might help you also.
Bill Weideman: A couple of things. The K-Dow award winding up on the balance sheet, it gives us a lot more flexibility going forward. Specifically to the preferreds, that remains a high priority, and a top priority for us. And as you can imagine, as we’ve said all along, timing is important on this. And clearly as interest rates tend to go upward, the potential premium that we would need to pay to retire those decreases. So things are moving in the right direction from that standpoint. So you can rest assured that we’ll be looking at different opportunities there. From a share repurchase standpoint, we’ve gone out at this point and said going forward that our plan is to cover dilution. Actually, this quarter we actually purchased $80 million of shares back second quarter, and we’ll continue to go forward. But clearly I don’t want to put a new target out there, but clearly with additional financial flexibility we have the ability to do more going forward.
Bill Weideman: We are continuing very much in an invest mode in Dow Ag, and that’s paying huge benefits you’ve seen on the top line and will continue as we’ve got a lot of new product introductions coming forward, and Enlist is a large one coming forward. And actually, as you analyze the results this quarter, you will see that R&D and SG&A are down versus prior quarter, and you should expect that trend to continue going forward. This is a company comparison. But up over a year ago, and most all of that increase is due to the investments we’re making in ag. So we’ll continue to invest in ag, but what you’re seeing with our strong 23% increase in sales year to date on seeds, traits, and oil, you’ll see the sales and actually the EBIT there reflected going forward. But we are still in invest mode in ag.
Bill Weideman: To your point, you saw a nice increase in our equity earnings this quarter. We would expect that trend to continue. A couple of drivers this quarter, as I highlighted in my prepared comments, MEGlobal was up quite a bit, but in comparison to the period a year ago, they had apparently sizable turnaround. But we expect to see continued improvement in our joint ventures as they go forward. And Dow Corning has stabilized, and so Dow Corning is down over a year ago, but it’s up versus prior quarter. So we expect that trend to also continue. So going forward, we expect an upward trend in joint venture income.
Bill Weideman: Also, there were actually strong seed sales in the first quarter, as farmers purchased live seeds early to make sure they had those. But if you look forward to the third quarter, our expectation is that Dow Ag comps will be favorable year over year comps for the third quarter.
Bill Weideman: This year, ’13 versus ’12, our pension expense will be up approximately $275 million. And that’s embedded in our operating results, so we’re covering that in our operating results. As you know, we don’t call that out as a certain item. So up $275 million in ’13 versus ’12. From a pension funding standpoint, our plan right now is to fund the pension plan about $900 million this year, which is similar to the funding that we had in 2012. But as I mentioned in my prepared comments, interest rates had a large impact on this, and dependent on your view on interest rates going forward, a small increase in interest rates could be a significant tailwind as we go into 2014.
