Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Doug. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us. If you turn to Slide 4, 3 weeks ago at our Investor Day in New York, I shared with you our view on the macroeconomic environment and our confidence in our growth strategy. Our results announced this morning reflect the trends and data we provided during our event and clearly demonstrate why our confidence is steadfast. We’ve delivered another quarter of robust earnings. Our EBITDA reached a third quarter and year-to-date record. Our sales gains were broad-based, powered by the strength of our transformed and diversified portfolio. Every single one of our operating segments and geographies grew in revenue and our Agricultural Sciences segment delivered record sales in the quarter. Price rose in all operating segments, more than offsetting a significant increase in purchased feedstock and energy costs. And on the demand side, our diversified geographic presence served us well. We delivered record sales in the emerging regions with a specially robust growth in Latin America and Asia Pacific. In fact, the large fast-growing countries of China, India and Brazil all delivered impressive double-digit volume growth. And once again this quarter, we delivered record sales in China. This really enabled us to offset soft demand in the United States and Europe. Our joint ventures also continued their strong performance and we achieved a year-to-date record. And finally, our innovation strength continued as we delivered nearly 1/3 of our sales from products launched in the last 5 years. This performance is a clear proof point that our focus on execution, on controlling the things we can control, is enabling us to deliver even in the midst of these uncertain times. We are operating from a position of financial strength, evidenced by our continued progress in reducing debt. And importantly, we also have levers in place that enable us to mitigate risks to our earnings trajectory making us more resilient in this rapidly changing environment. That is why we believe that Dow's purposefully built to weather economic uncertainty in the near term. We're more agile, more flexible, more diverse. And we are an enterprise that is built to grow over the long-term. Turning to Slide 5. You can see this clearly in our earnings trajectory. Not only did EBITDA reached the highest third quarter level in Dow's history, but year-to-date earnings of nearly $7 billion were also a record. Growth may not be in a straight line as we've been saying for some time. In fact, we know the macroeconomic environment will continue to be jagged as we are seeing right now. And while no one is immune to economic uncertainty, Dow is more resilient today than ever before. Structural enhancements that we implemented in our business portfolio over these last several years have meant that our foundation is more than $2 billion in EBITDA stronger today than 24 months ago, driven by our actions to fundamentally strengthen our enterprise. Plus, we have additional levers that we can pull if the microeconomic factors begin to mirror the macros as we began to see in the third quarter. The key here is the following: We are carefully monitoring this current volatility and remain focused on our growth trajectory. This is the milestone that we are working towards. Plain and simple. Now let me turn it over to Bill who will provide more detail on our financial and operating results in the quarter.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, John. Certainly, the Dow portfolio that I referred to in the script and our slides, we have good positive exposure to what's growing and tablets and mobile phones are still growing and growing quite significantly. And even in the weaker segments, in LCD TVs, for example, our display films are the right type of films that are ubiquitous across all displays and not in certain types of, for example, high-end LCD TVs. So it's mostly our portfolio point plus of course, in semiconductor, where we have a very big set of businesses, we've been having big wins with new technology launches in particular, in 193 nanometer photoresists and for advanced nodes and of course, our slurry pads with our new technology there. So it's really our portfolio.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well in brief, what we are watching for and what we said on our Investor Day is that if you see the macros and the micros start to mirror each other and consumer demand and business confidence start to deteriorate further from here, we will accelerate. Obviously, there are conditions like that out there right now, especially in Europe. Hopefully, today's announcement will start to reverse that. We're not going to do anything stupid. We're going to basically intervene where intervention can be done and really, it will be to slow the growth rate of increased costs based on the numerator not being appropriate. In other words, in the next 12 months, but what we said on Investor Day stays true, we will deliver the earnings that we talked about and our minimums on our road to $10 billion.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, Don, we -- very minimal for us. I know others talked about that. We have very minimal pull forward. And really, it's our portfolio difference I think, and our new product launches that have given us a very strong Ag result and we don't see any particular delta then as you relate Q4 to last year.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, it's heading to around -- for Brazil, we gain share, it's heading around 16% in Brazil and around 10% in Argentina.
Andrew N. Liveris: Kevin, so polyethylene first. Inventories -- your second question first, inventories are low right across the chain. In fact, we're beginning to see that the anticipation of price declines, which is of course, what caused inventories to go very low versus demand is really the driver of what we've seen late Q3 and into Q4. So we already can see some positive signs. The shipments to China are increasing at a higher prices on a spot basis as the demand starts to pick up there based on very low inventories. So -- and I can go region by region but for the sake of the time, I won't. In essence, it's basically low across most of the geographies, most of the segments. Some variation between pipe and some variation between film. Now in particular, on ethylene and ethane price, ethane price of course, has spiked in the short-term based on pipeline restrictions. You know that the go-to market on key plays like the Marcellus needs pipelines. As you know, the futures are all very low because this access will be sold as we go into next year but ethane is still by far, the preferred feed here in the United States, and it's much more cost competitive than all of its equivalents, and you're going to start to see, as you know, as naphtha starts to go back up and ethane is the favored fuel here in the United States, the coproduct credits of naphtha are starting to hurt anyone who produces ethylene off of naphtha as coproduct prices drop dramatically. In particular, propylene and benzene. So this is a temporary compression. There will be some of it in the fourth quarter for sure, but beyond that, early next year, you'll start to see that gap widen.
Andrew N. Liveris: Absolutely, totally, we are. And yet, clearly, Europe and for that matter, Asia, pure naphtha plays are the most squeezed right now. We anticipate to see a couple of million tons of idling to happen if not shutdowns based on this squeeze happening through Q4, that will help price environments going into Q1.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, you're right. Inventories are up despite refinery operating rates even being lower, reflecting in essence, the issue, which is soft C3 demand, some of the more commodity-like markets in [indiscernible] derivatives, like polypropylene, have come down quite a bit with the softening in Europe and the U.S., and so inventories have been building up as refineries cut back. I don't think that will work itself out real quick, which will give us low propylene inputs for the next several quarters, we believe that will be very helpful in downstream derivatives like in Performance Materials and seeing margin expansion. If not in Q4, certainly going into the demand increases early in the year.
Andrew N. Liveris: Definitely Europe, and that's the earlier question. With cliktane [ph], LPG flexibility but naphtha is already rising in Europe and as I said, there's going to be -- there's oversupply based on weakened demand fundamentals in Europe so in essence, the high cost guys are going to start idling and there's already been some announcements that will help us on price eventually here. But really, price rollovers and margin compression in Europe is a much bigger issue than in the United States.
Andrew N. Liveris: More from the competition. I did actually say a couple of million tons and actually, we've identified -- you know us well when we do this, we've identified about 4 million tons of vulnerable production right now based on pure naphtha cracker plays mostly in Europe but also some in Asia.
Andrew N. Liveris: As you know, mostly December quarters are inverted so December is always a very slow month. So we particularly feel that demand environment, certainly in polyurethanes, epoxies, et cetera will be weak-ish through the end of the year, whether it be furniture, bedding, other key market drivers that are very much consumer-driven. So it'll be more likely in the first quarter.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, obviously, Peter, the continual performance through the quarters as we showed the trajectory towards $10 billion. One, you have to keep performing and show the portfolio performs. Secondarily, people have seen in the past, Dow attract a commodity multiple and so we're outperforming pure commodity peers but obviously, we're underperforming our specialty peers. So really, what everyone's watching for is the makeup of the performance as much as anything else. And as our Performance businesses click in and earn more and our innovation agenda continues to click in, whether it be Agri Science, Advanced Materials, Performance Materials, we don't basically crop the strategy to get a multiple, we earn the multiple with the performance of the portfolio. We believe we're earning it and we'll keep doing what we have to do to show that. Now to your point, we've made some game changing moves and frankly, this company's portfolio is completely remade from just 5 years ago. But we are a management team on the march we have got many things we can still do and we will do them. We will spend the time next 12 months, in particular, on our innovation agenda and we will continue to find ways to grow key businesses like Electronics and Ag in particular, and some of our other downstream businesses, while we continue to rework our upstream portfolio to joint ventures and minimize our asset footprint. So you can continue to -- you can expect us to continue to see Dow work its portfolio to earn the multiple of our specialty peers.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, I'd certainly -- isocyanates wherever built, and TDI, as well as MDI, but that is working it's way through, we believe 2012, 2013 will be the beginnings of what you asked, which is 5- or 6-year ago type margins. This big pull that happened in '08, '09 will work its way to the system just like it's doing by the way, in the ethylene chain. So it will be about that timeframe.
Andrew N. Liveris: It really comes down to the whole world at the moment, and whether these confidence-busting issues perpetuate today being such a great step forward out of Europe and hopefully, we'll see more of those steps from the political arena that brings confidence back in the occasion. If demand starts to pick up, we believe we're going through a shallow-like trough conditions right now. We always said, back end of 2011 will be trough-like based on supply, demand got a little weaker so we got shallow trough. We believe demand will come back, GDP growth next year will be somewhere around the 2% mark, if not a little higher depending on how this confidence comes back but 2% is our case, others are a little more bullish than that. With that, I think it will be more idling than shut down.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, great observation and total geographic mix, Japan was way down due to opportunistic sales of commodities that occurred a year ago. So you take those -- remember, we're not in commodities anymore. So when we do opportunistic sales in commodities, it tends to flag itself in some geographies and Japan got some last year at this time. Actually, if you take that out, Asia Pacific mirror basically China and Southeast Asia.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, look, the unit margin discussion, Frank, versus volume is really something that we're watching very carefully. And I think Bill said in his comments and I certainly repeat in mine, that we had some tradeoffs like in Coatings where we traded away volume to get margin. And so -- and not really specific to the acrylic chain and what's been going on in paints and coatings in particular. So we've seen some headwinds on margins like in the Epoxy business, especially on materials that go into end uses like wind, et cetera, that got weak in the back half of the year. But long story short, I mean, I think the propylene cost question I got earlier, will help everything in the downstream propylene envelope, not being in propylene right now, which seemed to be a prescient decision for us to get out at about that time, has given us lots of use of propylene in high-value margin business downstream that should be very good fundamentals in the next 6 to 9 months and help margin expansion versus volume.
Andrew N. Liveris: Auto is a great example for Dow, of repositioning of the portfolio, it sort of mirrors [ph] the entire company, we're no longer in the commodity side, whether it be polypropyl, polycarbonate or ABS. we're in very big demand applications like lightweighting and fuel efficiency and all the things we do. So we're kind of unnecessary even in -- if you like, rotations of inventory, we're still getting lots of good demand. And frankly, remember, orders are coming off lows right, and especially here in North America. And North America orders are decent and I would tell you that coming off low bottoms, the auto exposure we had is a very positive one and we continue to gain share and our revenue and volume growth actually will continue to be exceeding light vehicle auto builds, off of a lower base.
Andrew N. Liveris: Bill, certainly, PVC is getting weaker and no question that -- of course, you see the exact opposite for us on Caustic Soda, which is doing incredibly strong. So what's going on is the ores in construction and not just in the U.S. and Europe, which is what we reported, but even in the parts of the developing world, especially in China, as they control inflation over there. It really hurt PVC and hurt PVC exports. Polyethylene is the exact opposite. Polyethylene has been weak here in North America. As we've already reported, there's been some demand drop-offs in areas such as films and inventory recalibration, so polyethylene exports have increased, offsetting domestic demand drop. And in fact, that polyethylene export number is very strong and will continue to be strong.
Andrew N. Liveris: Performance Materials is a good example, inventories are very low, demand is low in the quarter but that's quarterly-based. I've already commented that Automotive is decently strong and they've got very lean inventories. Oxygenated Solvent is -- just to talk about a business we don’t normally talk about, evidence is that customers and distributors are keeping very low inventories, so orders coming through are viewed as truer demand. I've already commented on polyethylene. I've commented VCM. On Coatings, there's reduced inventory, but not too low and given it's a seasonal slowdown, they're worried about shortages going into next year after what they saw last year, in 2010 in particular. And Electronics, yes, in semiconductors, LED, LCD inventories are high but they're beginning to be worked down and we're not expecting dramatic correction. We watch this very, very closely and I'd make my earlier answer to an earlier question, still true that across the chains, geographies, inventories are very low, big lows. So we believe that as a consequence of that, when demand returns post the seasonal slowdown and when confidence starts to reenter the market like in Europe, you're going to see demand really increase.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, Hassan, the question was asked earlier so in brief, I'd just -- you've kind of answered it yourself. It was really pipeline supply constraints that has caused us runoff in ethane. I won't comment on speculators but look, there's going to be noise in the system, while fractionation capacity comes online. And all of this is going to come online as the year unfolds next year. And in fact, as you know, from our Investor Day, the Marcellus producers have clearly chosen the U.S. Gulf Coast as a key market, they're committing to large volumes of 10 to 15 years and they will start up in 2014. So between 2012 fractionation, 2013 fractionation, 2014, you're going to get aberrations like hedge plays. But the fundamentals remain intact, and the ethane future speak to lower ethane pricing for the very short- to medium-term here. So look, we can take you off-line on some of the other specifics but that's basically the answer.
Andrew N. Liveris: Very strong. EVOQUE, number one, if you like, the first EVOQUE is a high-end premium paint so won't have a big effect on pigments. But EVOQUE number 2, which is going to follow very quickly, will have a much more ubiquitous commodity paint effect. Customers are lining up, they want to work with us. This is a big issue for them as you can tell. And so customers are launching their products now on EVOQUE 1, and EVOQUE 2 will be very, very helpful.
Andrew N. Liveris: Well, we said at Investor Day that we are going to oversubscribe on uptake, so we can in fact, be a market maker on the U.S. Gulf Coast, just to be sure.
Andrew N. Liveris: So depending on the chain. For sure, polyethylene price weakness based on demand weakness. For sure, some of polyurethanes and epoxies, I mentioned MDI,  someone asked about MDI. Those are the products we're going to see short-term price pressures. Although the year-on-year, I think, we'll still be okay. I think really, the momentum going sequentially, will pick up especially on those chains in the Q1. But the rest is fine, in fact, the rest will be more margin expansion.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, please. Thank you very much, everyone, for asking your questions, I appreciate you listening on the call. What you see this quarter and what you're going to see in these next many years, is the continuation of us having the levers to deliver the earnings. We executed against those quite well in the quarter. I believe that every part of the portfolio did what it had to do to deliver its numbers. Clearly, there's some short-term softness in polyethylene, ethylene dynamics that got asked on the call. We are working through that and as inventories get themselves re-corrected in the Q1, the momentum will pick up and the ethylene, polyethylene plastic story will continue to see margin expansions north of 20% up into the 30% range. Every other part of the chain is gunning based on innovation, based on top line growth and based on geographic diversification. Emerging geographies are in great shape and we're investing against those. So our pathway, our 12-month trailing EBITDA of $8.7 billion, our record quarter, our record year-to-date number, our pathway to $10 billion is clearly in our grasp and we are marching our way relentlessly towards that. All despite short-term uncertainties based on confidence issues in the political arena. And of course, affecting the consumer and of course, today's announcement being a very big positive. Your company will continue to deliver, your management's committed to that and we thank you for your time, attention and interest.
