Andrew Liveris: Thanks, Bill. Let's turn to our outlook now on slide 15 and you are very familiar with this chart, I know. It's our unique view into a wide array of geographical and sector trends, which we believe supports our outlook that growth is firming and firming to a more measured pace. The broad-based demand growth you see here is across geographies and industry segments. And this gives us even greater confidence that a sustained global economic recovery is gradually building momentum. Emerging economies will continue to lead this growth in our view, over the longer term as domestic demand strengthens in a number of leading end markets in fast-growing regions such as Brazil, Asia, Middle East and Eastern Europe. In China, concerns around fiscal policy tightening and asset bubbles are waning. And you could see growth trends remain robust across almost all industry segments in that country. Our outlook in North America and Europe is also encouraging as we see signs of increased momentum and more sustainable growth, particularly in the end markets where Dow holds a strong position, such as electronics, coatings, packaging and automotive. And while ongoing headwinds from high unemployment and continued weakness in construction spending still restrain the rate of growth of these developed regions, it is growth nonetheless. And we expect that growth to continue in the U.S., although at a slightly lower rate than experienced in the first half of the year, despite positive signs of increased corporate profits and investment. In Europe, we expect growth to remain uneven, with southern Europe remaining restrained by sovereign debt concerns and tightening in government spending. However, economic activity in the rest of Europe, especially those countries centered around Germany is showing signs of improvement. On balance, we are seeing positive signs of more sustainable global growth, driven by strength in many sectors. This is good news in particular for Dow with our well-balanced portfolio of businesses and our key presence in emerging geographies, both of which position Dow well to deliver sustained earnings growth. Turning to slide 16, let me wrap up briefly with an update on our 2010 priorities. For the remainder of this year, we will stay focused on executing our strategic, operational and financial plan. As I said, we are firing on all cylinders, delivering at or beyond our goals. We are well ahead of our revenue growth goal of 10%. On the growth synergy front, we've delivered 2010 results nearly double that of our year-end goal. Our performance businesses are performing. These combined segments have expanded margins now for five out of the last six quarters and we are over delivering on the cost reductions we promised. Our leadership team is squarely focused on and accountable for delivering results. In this quarter, you saw early indicators of what this team is capable of accomplishing. And on that note, let me provide a bit of a preview for our Investor Day in Midland next week. Our last Investor Day was about what we expected our transformed portfolio to deliver. And today, we can clearly state we have achieved or are on track to deliver each of the commitments made back in November of last year. And that we are firmly on the earnings trajectory we outlined at that time. This year's Investor Day will focus on how we are achieving the full potential of our higher growth, higher-margin portfolio from this moment onward. You’ve asked for more transparency into how we will achieve our goals. And this meeting will be granular, providing a level of detail like we have never given before and directly from our business leadership. Moreover, you will see firsthand that Dow has the right formula through our innovations, our growth platforms, our global presence and the robust roadmaps we have in place to deliver. I look forward to seeing many of you next week. And now I'll turn the call back over to Howard.
Andrew Liveris: Sure, P.J. The propylene balance – well, firstly, some good news. We've taken the first propylene from PDH, from PetroLogistics, that unit is up and running. And we had our first delivery this last week or so. That will help us a lot. As we've talked about on prior calls, on sourcing propylene that's back-integrated, so to speak, to the NGL mix versus the tied to the refining pool. So over time, you can expect that that 500,000-ton unit that's starting up will take over half of it. And that will help our propylene balance to be less, what I call, naphtha-tied or market-oriented tied.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah, clearly the Basic Plastics footprint, which is performing very, very well because of the shale gas dynamic, is something that has restated what we intend to achieve there over this next timeframe, but we are still working it. We are seeing interest. Clearly, the launch of the new LyondellBasell is helpful in terms of setting market prices and what to expect. But we also – as we've said quite a few times, we like the fact that our new technology breakthroughs in elastomers, our wiring cable business, our specialty packaging business fits more of our performance mix than ever before. Remember, we have divested over $5.5 billion of assets in the last 18 months at very good prices and have de-commoditized a lot of our commodity footprint already through divestment and shutdowns. So, we are going to say a lot more about that next week, but yes, we have interest.
Andrew Liveris: Well, we believe the trajectory of our Performance Products and Systems envelope, now that it's under one leadership, has great opportunity to continue to have constant margin expansion, firstly for the reasons P.J. talked about with the propylene back-integration that we can now speak to. Secondarily, we are number one or number two in many of these businesses. The building blocks that represent them, the propylene oxides, the epichlorohydrin, the fact that we have built capacity, the fact that there is constrained capacity in PO and epichlorohydrin bodes well for price increases. We're running them pretty high, at high rates, with the exception of TDI. We've got the start-up of new units that will feed the surging demand in Asia, notably the one in Thailand, the HPPO plant there as well as the elastomers plant there. So, frankly, we see that the performance envelope will continue to show margin expansion from here. As we showed you a year ago, their margins this quarter expanded quite dramatically and overcome – overcame the anomaly of last quarter where we had that propylene arbitrage go against us.
Andrew Liveris: They tend to have seasonality in the third quarter. So, there was some softness in their August numbers. And that seasonality is now over with and they're entering the fourth quarter quite strong.
Andrew Liveris: Yes. So Don, this is obviously very timely sorts of questions. We have over – nearly 50% of our replicated trials comparing SmartStax with Herculex XTRA insect protection trait versions in the same basic genetic packages already in. And this data, which compares to several base genetic packages, continues to show that Dow AgroSciences' SmartStax is performing well and yielding as expected. Now, we're going to share our data at the right time to give a clear picture once the harvest is complete. So – but at the end of the day, I will say this. Our data is showing the SmartStax technology is performing, that there is no yield drag. And our hybrids are actually performing quite well. We do want to wait a bit to get all the yield data in and all the trials. But we don't actually see any of the issues and we're quite supportive of the stuff Monsanto's been saying lately.
Andrew Liveris: No. Absolutely not. We've sold all we have. I think you've got to get the scale proportionality here. Monsanto is pretty ubiquitous in everywhere and they had much bigger robust goals than we did. We are very, very targeted, very, very much into our channels. And we're showing, as Bill said on his statements, growth in cotton. We're at double-digit share already and pretty good growth in corn. And with corn prices where they're going, I think you're going to see that we're going to drive our numbers up pretty fast based on our selective targeting.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. We have a – thank you, Paul, for your question. We actually haven't made that public but you know, it's clearly a market minus arrangement. But it does have a lot more connectivity to the world of NGLs than otherwise said – which is what we have said publicly. Let me say this. It will give us an advantage we didn't have before.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. The second part of the question first. There is definitely a very different value equation for North American-based petrochemical assets and clearly our revised footprint, after we did all of our shutdowns, we took out a lot of our purchasers. We fundamentally produce all the ethylene that we want now for our consumption downstream. By decommoditizing the downstream, by taking out EDC, by taking out EO, by taking out EB styrene, so that has strengthened our envelope, if you like, around NGLs, our flexi-crackers, our ability to use some of this new found pricing structure that differentiates the oil and gas ratio in our favor means that there is a higher value of those assets, clearly. That's point number one. Point number two, Andy. We'll say a lot more next Monday, Tuesday, but certainly, we are rethinking, as I said on an earlier question. We are rethinking how we will divide the plastics unit today post all the actions we've taken, such as the shutdowns, such as the divestment of Styron. We are a different plastics portfolio, a lot more focused. And it divides itself pretty nicely between high-end, high-value plastics, specialty plastics, if you like, that go into growth markets such as packaging and more commodity-like plastics. So, we are looking at doing a different type of deal than KDOW in the future. I think that's fair to say but we will do deals nevertheless and so that's in our future. That will help us on our balanced portfolio, more and more to downstream businesses that have much more IP protection and margin expansion based on innovation and that will, of course, strengthen our balance sheet even further from where it is right now. We anticipate that that will all be in the next 12 to 18 months. So, you'll see more action from us in the plastics portfolio, but at higher valuations, all on strategy to reduce our volatility.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. Thank you for your question, Bob. Certainly, there are more and more reports on difficult-to-control weeds and how 2,4-D and of course, therefore, the related launch of DHT, which is, of course, based on that in terms of tolerance. We anticipate the launch around 2013 when it will be available. So it's on track right now. We've probably – if you look at the types of crops, 2013 will be corn and 2014 will be soy. And then beyond that, ‘15 will be cotton, so, that's not all that far away. And of course, with your point, 2,4-D being the herbicide of choice, I think, is going to be very good for DHT. We're feeling more and more bullish on that launch.
Andrew Liveris: Clearly, the cracker profile of Dow in North America, with its great flexibility to switch between heavy and lights as the ethane arbitrage of natural gas versus the naphtha arbitrage to oil widens even further. There's been some correction of late, but clearly it's still quite wide compared to historical levels. We believe that's going to continue for the next several years. And so it's – the byproduct point, then, becomes very relevant and that gets back to the propane/PDH/propylene sourcing point. You can expect us to be more and more active on alternative ways to get propane into the mix for shorter-produced propylene in the crackers or to do on-purpose propylene production. So that we can take advantage of it on the propylene side of the house as well as the ethylene side of the house. More longer term, Bob, it's not for today, but certainly the sorts of things we're doing in China where you are decoupling and going all the way back to a C1 source. So MTP, methanol to propylene and technologies like that, I think will become a little more prevalent here in the United States, if you believe all the shale gas numbers. Right now, I think we're looking at natural gas to shale gas as being an oversupply for several years to come and that would widen the arbitrage, which means that you have to make sure you can source propylene off of propane.
Andrew Liveris: Well, growth is an interesting word. If you put the word profitable growth in front of the word growth, you might get a different balance of mix. And I think that speaks a little bit to our strategy in Asia and has for some years been very true. The way we position ourselves in places like China and Asia is downstream products and the value add, i.e., the margins of those products may not be high in volume. So we did not do a naphtha cracker in China, as a good example of my point. We deliberately did not do that because we couldn't see our way to profitable growth of the downstreams, either the first or second derivatives. Now, of course, that then speaks to, well, how are you going to participate in the economic growth of those countries beyond the high-margin downstream specialties, remembering, using China as our benchmark, of all the products we sell in China. It's over 80% performance businesses. So it shows you our strategy has been very much in the downstream. But how we're remedying the point you're making overall is to get, in fact, profitable back-integration into our building blocks. So we can meet the emerging market demand from in-market production. The very first load of capacity in that regard is coming on as we speak, which is the Thai capacity. So you could expect us then to have profitable growth with volume in the more intermediates, first-line derivatives such as propylene oxide, polyols and all the downstreams from polyethylenes like specialty elastomers. The second will be in the ‘14, ‘15, ‘16 timeframe with the final approval of the Saudi project next year. Of course, that's a very big project, equity light, but also serves Southeast Asia, South Asia and China from the Middle East, as well as the Middle East itself. And then, the third project, which is the one in the back half of the decade, is the end-market project on coal chemicals in China. So what you're seeing today is that a lot of the commodities and building blocks that we might supply Asia, we'd much rather supply them to higher-margin end-market areas like the U.S. and Europe. And so, we're making more money by keeping them home than by exporting them. But in high value-add businesses, like electronic materials, our China business is up 28%. So it speaks to the strategic positioning on profitable growth.
Andrew Liveris: The Coatings and Infrastructure piece is, of course, a hybrid between, let's say, the two epicenters of housing-related construction in the commercial and residential sectors and then building and construction materials. So you've got to – you've got to really almost bifurcate and start to look at the segments underneath that, Jeff. And I'd say to you there are still supply constraints in industrial coatings, especially the epoxy chain. That is speaking to price power. So there is price increases going on in liquid epoxy resins and all the downstreams from epoxy. In the end use side of that, that's actually the demand growth has been pretty good, but it's supply constrained. I think it's fair to say that as all of our downstream customers have reported, that the United States and southern Europe and housing is still very weak and anemic and it's the one sector, certainly from a construction of new residences, is still very much flat to weak. Therefore, as a result of that, most of the architectural coatings market that we would supply in the acrylic chain is really going into markets that are soft and only in painting your own house, whatever they – the cycle painting are you seeing any sort of growth. So, overall demand is not strong in the entire housing area. So we're running our assets very hard. They're running well. Inventories are low. Okay. And we are very focused on price. So, in other words, we're pretty much sold out and now are selling up.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. I think, we don't give guidance, right and obviously this is a big part of our chain here, Frank. So we're trying to be appropriate here, but look, soft landing, no collapse, some normal seasonality, but answering your question as Bill said, with hydrocarbons staying in our favor and some price power out there based on operating rates, you can draw your own conclusions.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. I mean, I think you're right on with your question. I mean, I think what you're seeing is the building blocks that underpin Performance Products and therefore downstream, are tight. And so all the performance monomers, like oxos, the solvents, the amines with the exception of ethanolamines, the acrylics, the epichlorohydrins and PO are all running tight. And so, I would tell you the only performance product that isn't running tight is TDI. And so, that to one side, with good demand fundamentals in the emerging world, Kevin, you're seeing fundamentally all – everyone in the chain having price power. And so it's back to Frank Mitsch's question, how do you manage input such that you continue to have margin expansion? We believe we have those businesses in great shape. We've taken all the turnarounds we want to take. We've fixed the issues at Deer Park. We've put a lot of resources on that and it's worked. And frankly, with tightness in the chains, you will continue to see those businesses have margin expansion.
Andrew Liveris: Well, I believe we are on track to become number three with our SmartStax data telling us that we will have good competitive advantage there. And then on top of that, DHT, but it's still early. We're at about 5% total share right now. That's up two or three percentage points from where we started. We said we would get to double digit by 2015. We believe we're on track to do that.
Andrew Liveris: Certainly, the coatings value chain, I mentioned earlier, the architectural side, is definitely still suffering from the housing market being very delayed in terms of recovery. You might argue that it's well into 2011. So, our customers are seeing a lot of pressures and their margins are getting compressed, as many of them have reported. And clearly, acrylics is part of that but the biggest part of that is titanium dioxide. And I think you're going to see if it's not price power at their part of the chain, which really you should look to them to comment on. But I think their raw materials are going to be a continual issue for them and so – because of tightness in the chains and to that end, by the way, we at Dow have innovations that can help them, meaning that they can reformulate and we actually have substitutes for titanium dioxide out there already that will be very beneficial to them to get away from what's going on in the titanium dioxide areas. So, given that, I think what you're going to see is a lot of companies work very hard with their suppliers like us to do re-formulates, to do different types of ingredient mixes, to accommodate what is a tightness in the upstream. I believe the tightness in acrylics will continue for some period of time. Look, on POWERHOUSE, yes, it is a drag on earnings as we reposition ourselves ahead of the launch. The costs are going up ahead of launch. Launch is middle of next year. We'll have a lot to say on POWERHOUSE next Monday and Tuesday. So I won't steal their thunder until then.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. The views we get on that, my view is by participating in many, many external associations and if you really look at where the consumer is today versus the consumer was in, let's say, ‘07, early ‘08, it's probably still down about 20% in terms of upside based on value of demand that's no longer there. And so, the readjustment that many of us have done in the chain, certainly Dow, has been to take out capacity. I know downstream from us that's also happened. I've mentioned reformulation. Will it get back to there by some timeframe? Look, the best estimates out there, Bill, are 2012, but even those are looking a little bullish right now.
Andrew Liveris: Yeah. How times change. Yes, that number is about 70%. We've increased it systemically over these last five years, in particular by allowing ourselves to be able to crack butane in particular, as well as the normal ethane propane. So that's been an on-purpose strategy to increase that number. It's about 70. If you throw into the mix the fact that the flexi-crackers that are mostly on the U.S. Gulf have that capability. Of course, we also have the pure NGL crackers in Canada and Argentina for the Americas.
Andrew Liveris: It's a great question. Good one to finish on and one that sets up next week very, very well. I believe, we are a different mix today, with different opportunities now to show a degree of different type of countercyclicality. And I think, it will be market-driven more than it will be feedstock-driven, which, of course, is the whole strategy. So, if you look at what we've done here, John, is that I think we've got enough market diversity, a very big footprint in the emerging markets in downstream specialties like electronics, like coatings, for example and infrastructure in general. A good ag sector that gives us a seasonality and a countercyclicality, but the less reliance we have on the ethylene cycle is what you're starting to see. Now, we are, of course, making a lot of money in the ethylene polyethylene chain, but I want to point out that is less the cycle and more our own interventions. I think we have upgraded our margins in that whole plastics area by, a, getting out of commodity businesses and, b, shutting down a lot of the footprint that was not competitive versus what it used to be five years ago and, c, we've repositioned the downstream to value-add, such as elastomers, wire and cable and specialty packaging. So, a different mix even in the basics has occurred and I won't leave this conversation without also acknowledging that's happened in chemicals. With our MEGlobal joint venture now being a very competitive ethylene glycol supplier in a joint venture mode and our chlor-alkali footprint serving our downstreams and doing innovative ways to get upstream integration through this deal with Mitsui, we've been able to lessen the cyclicality of petrochemicals and its effect on our earnings. So, from here, I believe you're going to see margin expansion in both sides because of the interventions we've done.
Bill Weideman: Yeah, Paul. As I mentioned – if you look at our year-to-date contributions, our year-to-date contribution's around $177 million. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're contemplating – we remain firmly supportive of our pension plans. And given our strong cash flow, we're contemplating making a $350 million contribution to our pension plans over the next couple of quarters. So you could expect our full-year pension contributions to be around $600 million. And then for 2011, you could expect that to be up slightly, but not significantly and we do believe our cash from operations can support that.
Bill Weideman: Sure. This is Bill. Let me answer that. First of all, as you know that's a Board decision. So I can't speculate on what action the Board may take. However, if you look at our past practice, our historical, we've had a dividend payout ratio, which is dividend divided by net income, of approximately 45%. And if you look at over the last five years, from 2005 to 2009, we've actually been 45.9%. Now, we recognize over the past year. We've been a little bit below that, for good reasons due to the recession and our leverage. But the – and one of our top priorities continues to be to pay down debt but as the economy continues to improve and as our earnings continue to improve, we will continue to reward shareholders consistent with our past practice.
Bill Weideman: Yeah. I think it's another data point is, our view in the fourth quarter is that oil will probably stay in the 80s – 80 to 85 and that naphtha will probably stay fairly high like it is today. I think it's like $740 but our view is gas in the fourth quarter will remain low. And also that propylene will remain balanced. So, as you know, that's a good scenario for us. When – and so that bodes well for us.
