Howard Ungerleider: Thanks, Lisa. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we're making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of Dow Chemical Company. Any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Antonio Galindez, President and CEO of Dow AgroSciences; and David Johnson, Director in Investor Relations. Around 6:30 this morning, August 3, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on Dow's website, dow.com. We've prepared some slides to supplement our comments on the conference call. The slides are posted on our website on the presentations page of the Investor Relations section or through the link to our webcast. As you know, some of our comments today may include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We can't guarantee the accuracy of any forecasts or estimates, and we don't plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you'd like more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments today may reference non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release or on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. Sales comparisons, which exclude prior-period divestitures and recent seed acquisitions in Health and Agricultural Sciences, and earnings comparisons will exclude certain items and 2009 discontinued operations. Our earnings release as well as recent SEC filings are available on the Internet at dow.com. The agenda for today's call is on Slide 3. Now I'd like to hand the call over to Andrew.
Howard Ungerleider: No, I would say -- I mean, John, it's really normal for that segment to have essentially flat pricing. So what happens is it's a fairly quick life cycle business. As you know, every two or three years, we're changing over the whole product wheel. And what happens is we bring in new products at higher price, and then over time, as those products mature, they come off, but nothing out of the ordinary in line.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes, and John, just to follow up, to give you a little bit more granularity. Electronics Materials in China was up 32%.
Howard Ungerleider: Okay. Thanks, Hassan. We're going to have to end the Q&A at this point. I'd like to turn it over to Andrew just to make a couple of closing comments.
Howard Ungerleider: All right. Thanks, Andrew, and thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest as always in The Dow Chemical Company, and we look forward to speaking with you more soon.
Antonio Galindez: Thanks, Bill. I'm glad to be here today to talk about AgroSciences' growth strategy and our technology progress. First, let me discuss the quarter. While we encountered some short-term headwinds, our growth strategy remains on track. We predicted early in the year that crop protection market conditions will reach a normalized level this year, meaning that 2010 will look a lot like 2007, which was a more stable year in agriculture versus the two previous years. The good news is that the first half of 2010, we increased EBITDA by more than $90 million versus 2009. And compared with the same period of 2007, our EBITDA was over $40 million higher. This takes into account more than $150 million of additional growth investments we have made in R&D and SG&A, and these investments are paying off. For example, our new product launches illustrate our technology power as sales from new ag chemicals are up more than 40% in the first half of 2010 versus last year. Another area of progress is our Seeds portfolio, which reported a 15% increase in first half sales over last year's. These gains are a direct result of new products such as SmartStax, our biggest biotech launch ever, as well as our outstanding cotton varieties, the strength of our germplasm in Latin America and the performance of acquired seed companies. However, these wins were masked in our results for the quarter due to the price pressure in commodity ag chem products and poor weather conditions in the northern hemisphere, which limited some product applications. So while the quarter was not what we expected, we did improve our results versus last year and 2007, and we believe the long-term fundamentals of this industry are strong. Why? Because growth in this sector will be driven by the need of an increasing amount of food, feed and even fuel. The agricultural industry must produce more food with limited land, less water and fewer resources to feed a population that will reach 9 billion in 2050. There is a global consensus among leading institutions about the challenge of feeding the world. Here's a fact from the Coalition for a Sustainable Agricultural Workforce: "Over the next 40 years, we must produce more food than has been produced over the past 10,000 years combined." Technology is one of the answers, and it is a critical one. While we expect some short-term market challenges as supply-demand dynamics balance out for commodity crop protection products, there is no doubt the need to enhance farmers' productivity is a critical challenge. Please turn to Slide 19. So let me talk about our Ag Chem pipeline, which is the best we have ever had. We continue launching new proprietary agricultural chemical solutions that contribute to our growth objectives and generate cash flow. For example, sulfoxaflor insecticide will open new markets for us in 2012. And we have new herbicide and fungicide solutions coming next that are very promising. In total, we expect new product sales to reach $500 million this year, it's 25% from our original estimates of $400 million. And we are projecting this number will grow to $800 million by 2013. Our portfolio strategy is one of balance between biotechnology and crop protection, and our Seeds and Traits advances are truly exciting. Today, we have SmartStax, which is the only, I repeat, the only commercially available product approved for a 5% reduced-structure refuge requirement for both below- and above-ground pest. We had a very successful launch. In fact, we sold out everything we had planned to and more. Our SmartStax Refuge in the Bag concept will extend this leadership by providing the convenience that growers want, combined with the best technology. And we have the next industry breakthrough, with our DHT family of Traits. We already submitted DHT-stacked corn for regulatory approval in September of last year, and the soybean trait was submitted in December. We will continue hitting all our technology milestones, while increasing channel access through licensing, collaboration and bolt-on seed acquisitions. Combined with the launch of SmartStax and both Refuge in the Bag and DHT on the horizon, we are now on our way to reach our goal of having a $1 billion global corn business and achieving double-digit share of demand in North America. And our collaborations in key row crops will catalyze the growth of the Seeds, Traits and Oil platform. We will move the mix in our portfolio closer to our 50-50 vision versus its 15% level today. We will do this, not by making Ag Chem smaller, but by making Seeds and Traits larger. In summary, we are on track to deliver our targets as we continue growing the top and bottom line in an industry where long-term fundamentals are compelling. We are achieving our new product sales targets and, most importantly, key R&D milestones, while investing in a strong pipeline products and capabilities. Thanks, and back to you, Andrew.
Antonio Galindez: In our businesses in corn, it's early because we are waiting for the returns, but we are convinced we have gained share. We have slightly gained share. Remember, we start from a much smaller -- part thanks to SmartStax and thanks to our portfolio today. We have sold everything we have on the SmartStax today. We also gained significant market share in our Cotton business. In the USA, we had 10% market share last year. We believe we have grown more than three points in that market, over 13%. And with Seeds and Traits, volumes have grown 20% this year. So then where we are, we are looking for the launch of our -- consumer launch of SmartStax next year. We think we'll have SmartStax in about close to 50% of our grain hybrids next year. And the challenge in launching a new technology is it takes time to build up the production, but we are very pleased with the results of SmartStax. We haven't disclosed much at this moment, but we are very pleased with the launch this year. We sold everything we had.
Antonio Galindez: I think there are a number of -- I don't think they're structural. I think there are a number of factors that have come together this year. If you take the high inventory level, you take some supply and demand on balances on the commodity side, you take the weather conditions in some places in Europe and North America. You put all that together, and coming from the increases of prices in '08, '09, all that together put even more pressure than what was expected in the pricing markets. So it has been tough this first half, but I don't think it's structural. I think, as we look forward, I think the second half will settle. I think we're going to see still pressure in the second half. But as we get into 2011, I think we'll balance. And then we'll go into what is expected in this segment, which is a more balanced, slow, but growth over the next couple of years as the fundamentals provide. Now in our case, we have the new products. And our new products are helping us to, I would call, outperform the market and grow. And when we look to our EBITDA results, we're very pleased as the growth over '09 and '07.
Antonio Galindez: Well, let me go to the second one in a second. But on the seeds, on the corn side, we need to have a few things. The first one is we need to have the best technology available in order to succeed to get to that 10%. We're on our way. We have in SmartStax, we'll have Refuse in a Bag in two years, and we'll have the SmartStax Plus, the best herbicide trait coming, the first one to come in 2012, 2013. So from a technology point of view, I think that we are enabled for that. You take the germplasm, and we are investing significantly. We are very pleased with the advancement we are getting, and we also have the Monsanto exchange of material in germplasm that is coming from this Monsanto exchange [ph]. The bolt-on acquisitions we made, they are performing today. Will we make more? We are looking for them, and we'll continue to look for it. But it's not a major acquisition, what we believe is going to take us to 10% is all these together plus some other collaborations we are doing and so on, is what is going to take us there. We are confident that we'll get there, but then all those things need to happen. And that's the reason we are significantly investing in resources in R&D at this moment in that area. In relation to glyphosate, like we said it took a big hit, that was 50% of the price declines so throughout of this quarter. And obviously, as we told you before, glyphosate for us is 5% to 10% of our sales. But the price drop was significant, and it took 50% off of our numbers.
Andrew Liveris: Yes. We really, Sergey, there's a couple of major factors here. We had lost sales, as I said, both Bill and I talked about, that does about three percentage points on volume. And STYRON, no one factored that into the forecast, and we sold STYRON close to mid-June. So that's another percentage point. So we would have seen 11% just on a like-and-like basis. If there was, didn't have these unplanned outages. I can't stress enough how strong an impact these unplanned outages were across our chains. Coatings had a great quarter, but actually would have been a much better quarter. I mean, if you look at our other peer groups or even look at downstream from our sub-customers, they all reported strong numbers. Our Coatings numbers were strong, but would have been much stronger, more in line with what they reported, and that alone would've bumped up the volume significantly. Plus plant turnarounds hit us, we would have an operating rate of 6% if we didn't have the plant turnarounds, forgetting the outages themselves. And in fact, if you look at the number of plants that were down through the quarter for various periods of time, 120 of our 600 plants were down, that's a big impact to any company. And I would tell you that, therefore, going forward, we see very good positive volume momentum, so again we are not concerned. These were one-time events. They are over with. We've fixed them. The plants are running safely, as I said on the call. So frankly, as you say, we see the positive of the point even though, of course, it didn't help us in the quarter.
Andrew Liveris: Well, I think the most important part of that, thank you for your comment on Aramco, is these are sequenced for different mixes. One is in-market and competitive because of coal, that's the China one. One is export-oriented because of where it's located and access to feedstocks of the oil-and-gas kind. The key on sequencing for us is a equity-like structure and these are building blocks. If we build a PL plant on our own, that's a billion dollars. The fact that we can make it part of an industrial complex where we are partnering, and in the case of Aramco, 35% will go to public. So we'll end up earning 35%. You end up getting more back for your capital, in this case, equity back. So we believe the way it'll sequence is, the next several years, we'll get the Aramco project, the Jubail project, up and running in the mid-part of the decade, and the China project will come in the latter part of the decade.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, exactly on your first question, Paul. We have a 2% hit to our EBITDA margin based on the situation between price on propylene. The most important thing on propylene is the arbitrage between U.S. and Asia didn't work in our favor in the quarter. You'd normally -- U.S. propylene is discounted by about 20% versus Asia. We have the exactly the inverse through the quarter. Asia propylene stayed artificially low. And in fact, the spread at the beginning of the quarter was $0.21 versus by exiting the quarter was $0.07. So in essence, U.S. propylene was artificially high, and we believe that will return to equilibrium in the third quarter, which will allow margin expansion on our Performance businesses to come through in the Q3 versus what we're expecting in Q2. So we will play catch-up in the third quarter. So that really takes care of the whole issue of margins and Performance businesses in the second quarter. In the third quarter, this whole point you made on the PDH unit, yes, GBP 1.2 billion starting up in August, we're 50% of the offtake. This will help us enormously on propylene competitiveness in the United States and enable us to have margin expansions. And the related effect, the fact that we have this propylene arbitrage, the fact that we didn't have the ability to export to Asia -- also, I heard the previous question on volume, we lost volume in Asia because we couldn't successfully export because of the propylene arbitrage, which was an extra point of Sergey's earlier question. And last but not least, we're taking care of it not just in the U.S. but also in Asia with the start up of our big propylene derivative facility in Thailand next year. So that will take care of that propylene structure imbalance in Asia. All of the remedies are in place and should handle the questions you asked.
Andrew Liveris: You can count on my commitment to that point, Bob. I mean, look, I'm not able to stop the unforeseen. So you've got to give me a little bit of respite on a bit of a stutter here, but that cylinder was not there because of unplanned outages and that was really something that, frankly, disappoints. But having said that, we are already past the fix. We won't have any unplanned outages -- we won't have any planned turnarounds in the third quarter of any substance, only a few minor ones compared to the very big ones we had in the second. We, frankly, have the propylene arbitrage in the right direction and unplanned outages are over with. And we've got some allocations still going on, but we are satisfying all the customers we need to satisfy.
Andrew Liveris: Correct, exactly what I'm adjusting. And if you look at the comparables for us, year-on-year, propylene was up $300 million sequentially and was up $40 million. So on average, it was up. Now if you do the trajectory for the quarter, the velocity of the propylene price is coming down through the quarter in the U.S., but the average didn't help us. And that particularly hurt because of the Asia number being so much lower than the U.S. number, so we couldn't actually raise prices successfully in Asia at the speed we needed to nor could we export. So we had a double whammy, and I don't believe any of you guys had that in your models. And frankly, our businesses have been block and tackling that throughout the latter part of the quarter and already are on top of it for the third quarter.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, Peter, the dividend question has had discussion with our board. We are clearly, clearly very mindful at the board. This is a board decision that we are not where we need to be long term. Having said that, our primary responsibility has been, of course, to ensure that our capital ratios are intact. Our balance sheet is intact, and the economic growth that we are now starting to see is intact. And I believe the power of the portfolio as you look at the next year or two will enable your question to be answered in the affirmative. I can't promise that, but that's certainly something that is top of mind for the reasons you raised.
Andrew Liveris: I would agree with you Peter. If these individuals that left and each one of them was an individual decision, it was a sign of something bigger. But if you look at Guillermo Novo running, for example, our Coatings business today; Carol Eicher, running our Building Solutions business; if you look at Neil Carr, who is running our Adhesives and Functional Polymers business and Packaging business, these are just three names on top of my head of legacy Rohm and Haas' who have stayed with the new division, who are firmly believing in the potential and the growth of the division. I could go on more. Cathie Markham in our Electronics division. I could go to Dominic Yang in our Electronics division as well. I mean, I can give you name, chapter and verse of all the people who've stayed. In fact, of the top 70 leaders of Dow's Advanced Materials division, 50% of them are legacy Rohm and Haas. High-profile departures will always happen. Company outsize, we will always lose good people because of the nature of being a good company. It's happened. In your generation, you saw Enrique Sosa left, if I recall. So good people will leave for their reasons. Pierre wanted to be a CEO. He's doing a great job over where he is, and I can go on and on. We are not concerned. In fact, we are over delivering on the growth synergies.
Andrew Liveris: It's pretty much, I mean, I don't think -- Howard, unless you've got some adds on this one -- I don't think we saw anything notable.
Andrew Liveris: Well, I mean, we had some pretty big new wins in Semiconductor Technologies, Interconnect Technologies. And interestingly enough, some of these wins in new complete product areas don't show up yet as big volumes but they will. And if you look at some of the things that are going on in Asia, I mean, we've expanded our Trimethylgallium capacity. You won't see that volume yet, but it's about to start up. We also have wins going on in the photoresist area with the 193 [nm anti-reflectant] in particular. In those applications, you won't see that turning up. I think that's the sort of stuff that we're so excited about. We have Electronics at 30% EBITDA margins without being at the volume levels they were two years ago with all these new wins going on. We are defending our CMP business. We've kept our 80% share there very successfully, but it's pretty hard to grow from an 80% share point. So real volume gains in Asia, in particular, from the new businesses.
Andrew Liveris: The strategy is very clear, and that is we basically backed our way into a large complex in Freeport and a smaller complex in Plaquemine, Louisiana, and those two complexes exist in chlor-alkali to serve our downstream businesses like Antonio's. 70% now of our chlorine footprint with this announcement will do that. The 30% that doesn't overtime, you can expect to see us find answers to that in an asset-like, equity-like construct. And so over time, we'll see more of that in developed geographies, in particular like our North American assets I just mentioned, but also our European assets where we own 100%. And we are backing out of merchant EDC, and we only are in EDC for flywheel purposes or to serve downstream VCM/PVC customers like the Shintech's, like the Mitsui's. So our intent is to keep driving to the point you're making, use the chlorine and have a competitive chlorine molecule for our downstream value-add businesses.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I would say Frank, and thank you for your comment on Dow's operational excellence, and I would totally 100% on the line that we are very focused on these particular incidents as onetimers for very onetime reasons. If I take the three major ones, the Bahía Blanca incident was totally based on water shortage, nothing to do with plant operating. The site could not get water. So we were down for a month of the quarter, which is a big impact for us in Latin America. And actually, if you look at our results in Latin America, outside of that, we did great in Latin America. But it's just such a big part of our business down there. So as a consequence, that one had nothing to do with operational excellence. The other two, we had a very unfortunate incident in one of the heat exchangers in the phenol plant, very tough duty. Actually, hasn't happened to us before, so we did the root cause. It's fixed, but that affected the entire downstream Coatings chain. And then the biggie was the MMA [methyl methacrylate] incident that we had down in Deer Park. Now Deer Park is the only legacy Rohm and Haas site that is a petrochemical site. Frankly, we've had to pull all of our people over Deer Park to let it run to its potential. And that's why safety first, pound second. We've take taken the opportunity to root-cause investigate not only MMA but the entire acrylics production units there so that they run to Dow's standards. And that's, in essence, what answers that question. They're all onetimers, 2/3 Performance, 1/3 PE. So the impact was in Coatings and Infrastructure in particular, but also in the other Performance Products. We believe the $315 million [ph] loss revenue, as a consequence, is a onetimer.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, we have, as we said on the last call, we are definitely very interested in a PE asset-like, equity-like strategy for the right reasons, for the right partner, for the right competitive advantage on existing assets and new assets. The Aramco announcement is a new asset. The Kuwait investment, the expansion down there is a new asset. But over time, we believe our relationships with those two places as well as other places will yield an opportunity for us in polyethylene-existing assets. We are driven to get an answer there, but we have a newfound competitive advantage with U.S. shale gas that helps us. Once we execute that strategy, we will do it at the highest possible valuation going into peak earnings rather than living through trough earnings. So you'd expect us to time it better and right versus right now. And it will help tilt our portfolio more to specialty, which will decline the volatility of the portfolio.
Andrew Liveris: Actually, if you exclude our incidents, the ones that I just referenced in the previous call, Latin America, I mean, you take Latin America Electronics, and if you look at it versus the same quarter, or year-on-year, 27% up. If you look at Coatings and Infrastructure, 14% up. Performance Systems, 22% up. Even Performance Products, that had some of the issues, 13% up. So truly, Latin America was very impacted, Jeff, by the polyethylene issue with Bahía Blanca. If you look at China, Electronics, up 32% as Howard already referenced. There, we had more of an impact than we did in Latin America because we have less in-market assets. So the big export opportunities that were propylene derivatives, acrylics, polyurethanes, epoxies, were all very tilted to be impacted in the emerging world where we import those products in. As I've mentioned already, our Thai complex and ultimately, our Saudi complex, should take care of that because these assets are dedicated for the Asian growth. But we were disproportionately affected compared to our competitors because of, in particular in Asia, this propylene arbitrage I mentioned.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I think all the points you made, not to repeat them, we would agree with Hassan. And on top of that, add an extra point which is implied in your question, which is at the end of the day, competitive price gas and therefore, ethane in the Middle East has a very short time frame. Now when you look at crackers being announced in that part of the world, there will be mixed speed crackers and using NGLs and maybe naptha. As a consequence of that, you're going to find that everyone's going to start having a rising tide on gas and ethane price. And the MPC privatization and changing the gas price structure there, which we believe is also inevitable, will change the -- if you like the competitiveness of those crackers vis-a-vis product making its way either to Europe, and in particular to in-market crackers in Asia, in particular in China. So I believe that's why our Aramco joint venture is so important. It's really going to be one of the last large complexes. And the way we designed that with Aramco is to tilt the Performance businesses, propylene oxide, epichlorohydrin, acrylic acid, all these businesses that are building blocks that can take advantage of the competitive feedstock being both gas, NGLs and some naptha. I think there will be less and less of that available out of the Middle East.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I can't speculate on a speculation. I think you'd appreciate that Hassan, but we're in very good joint venture partners with the Kuwaitis. We have this issue, which is being arbitrated. We're still very positive about that. We believe we have a strong case. It doesn't affect our existing assets there. It's being done with all the right procedures. And early next year, we should have an outcome. And of course, as Kuwait PIC seeks to expand, we always get asked and talked to, and it has to fit our strategy up to and inclusive of whether they want to buy into any of our assets.
Andrew Liveris: Yes, I would just wrap up by thanking everyone for the call and the questions. We believe that we had some issues in the quarter. We weren't very happy with them. We did fix them. We also believe we had a strong quarter. We actually looked at all of our key indicators. We had momentum in demand, margins, EBITDA, cash flows, synergies. Advanced Materials is outperforming. Our synergies are ahead of schedule. We have good strength in a lot of our other businesses including Basics. So I would say to you that going into the next quarter, we believe the outlook is good. Our business is strong, and we have marginal momentum and we can deliver on the R&D and innovation promise of this new portfolio. So I would say that we've got the issues behind us, and we're into the second half of the year with strength.
