Pankaj Gupta: Good morning. Thank you for joining Dow's first quarter earnings call. This call is available via webcast, and we have prepared slides to supplement our comments today. They are posted on the Investor Relations section of Dow's website and through the link to our webcast.  I am Pankaj Gupta, Vice President of Dow Investor Relations, and joining me today on the call are Jim Fitterling, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Howard Ungerleider, President and Chief Financial Officer. Please read the forward-looking statement disclaimer contained in the earnings news release and slides.  During our call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding our expectations or predictions about the future. Because these statements are based on current assumptions and factors that involve risks and uncertainties, our actual performance and results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Dow's Forms 10-Q and 10-K include detailed discussions of principal risks and uncertainties which may cause such differences. Unless otherwise specified, all financials, where applicable, exclude significant items.  We will also refer to non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures is contained in the Dow earnings release and in the slides that supplement our comments today as well as on the Dow website.  On Slide 2, you will see our agenda for the call. Jim will begin by reviewing our first quarter and operating segment performance. Howard will share our outlook and modeling guidance as well as how Dow's competitive advantages are driving resilient earnings and cash flow while positioning the company for value growth. Jim will then provide an update on how our in-flight actions raise our underlying mid-cycle EBITDA above pre-pandemic levels while also advancing on our path to zero carbon emissions. Following that, we will take your questions.  Now let me turn the call over to Jim.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Jim. Now let's move on to your questions. I would like to remind you that our forward-looking statements apply to both our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Operator, please provide the Q&A instructions.
Pankaj Gupta: Thank you, Emma, and thanks, everyone, for joining our call. We appreciate your interest in Dow. And for your reference, a copy of our transcript will be posted on Dow's website within approximately 24 hours or so. This concludes our call. Thank you very much.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Sure, Jim. Thanks for the question. But you've got it right. Basically, what we're guiding to is to take the first quarter EBITDA actuals, subtract the $225 million of turnaround headwinds in P&SP and Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure and that's our best estimate today of what we see with all the puts and takes of where second quarter EBITDA is likely to land.
Howard Ungerleider: Yes. Look, in terms of our capital allocation framework, safely and reliably operate our plants is number one. So to do that, we have about $1.3 billion of turnaround expenses this year. Our CapEx is going to be around $2.2 billion to $2.3 billion this year from an organic investment. That's up from $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion last year. We're continuing to work on the 65% shareholder remuneration as a percentage of our operating net income. That's across the economic cycle.  But as you rightly point out, Chris, our share buyback continues to ramp. We did $400 million in the fourth quarter. We did $600 million in Q1, and of course, the new stock buyback announcement of $3 billion. We have about $700 million left on the current program, that will be done by midyear. And so then we'll have a significant amount of firepower left with that full $3 billion program on a go-forward basis.  And then we'll continue to look at incremental net debt. We still want to 2 to 2.5 rating agency adjusted net debt to EBITDA. So we still are looking at between maybe a $500 million and $1 billion net debt reduction before the end of the year. We'll see how the cash flow goes.  And I would say on the -- don't forget about the cash tailwinds. As Jim talked about in the prepared remarks, our cash flow yield is significantly above our peer group 50%, 5-0 percent above our peer group. It is 20% better than our next closest peer. And one of the reasons is everybody in Team Dow now has not just a P&L statement, but a balance sheet and a cash flow statement.  We're actively working on working capital improvements. Our working capital was improved by 3 to 4 days, depending on whether you're looking at same quarter last year or prior quarter. And then the unique-to-Dow tailwinds that we continue to work on. We've got more than $1 billion of unique-to-Dow cash tailwinds that we're working on still this year that haven't come through that should come through over the next 3 quarters.
Howard Ungerleider: The second question was around pension. I can take that, if you want? So when you look at our underfunded pension, we ended the year last year -- that number has come down dramatically. It's come down $6 billion total since year-end 2020. At the end of last year was at $6 billion, that's pension plus OPEB all in. And just with the rate moves we've seen year-to-date, that $6 billion number is now lower by $2 billion.  So our total pension OPEB underfunding is $4 billion. It really only takes another maybe 75 basis points of rate increases and 1 more year of EROA for us to fully fund that gap. What we're doing is we have a methodical plan that as rates continue to move and as each pension plan gets to fully funded status, we are working to immunize each plan individually with the goal of not putting additional cash in to immunize. So that will depend on each country's rules and regulations. And obviously, the EROA and -- of each individual pension plan.  But over the next, I would say, 3 years, plus or minus, depending on how rates move from here and obviously, how the EROA does, we should be able to fully fund and fully immunize that plan. That's the path that we're working toward today.
James Fitterling: Thanks, P.J. Great question. I think, obviously, there were questions about Europe's competitiveness at different times in history and what's happened with Russia entering Ukraine and what that's caused has created more concerns on Europe's ability to, one, decouple from Russia and to compete longer term. That's one of the reasons we made the announcement about the project in Stade, to basically host that LNG import terminal to help that happen.  I would say the crackers right now are operating well. We're able to still have margin in Europe under these circumstances. Obviously, have to pass a lot of that along. But the thing we have to work on is longer term, getting them to a more competitive feedstock and energy cost position. Europe has been higher energy cost than the United States for quite some time, and we've been able to be profitable there.  We did announce some expansions there in alkoxylates for some of our brand owners. We've made expansions there in Spain previously. This will be in Terneuzen. And as you know, we're going to convert Terneuzen to be a net zero ethylene facility over time. So I do think there will be a chemical industry in Europe, but I think we have to continue to look at how it evolves and how we're going to continue to make Europe more energy competitive to support that industry longer term.
James Fitterling: PM&C had a great quarter. Obviously, PM&C had some issues throughout last year with different outages and some of the challenges from Winter Storm Uri. So Winter Storm Uri impact year-over-year is a big part here.  Volume is also very strong. Coatings -- or silicones has had a super strong first quarter in terms of demand, both on the construction side but also on the personal care side, which is coming back very strongly. Coatings had one of the best first quarters ever, which is the lead up to what's really its typical strongest quarter, which would be second quarter. And not only did volume increase, but pricing increased as well.  And we've been able to navigate COVID in China. Even though we had some issues around the Zhangjiagang area, we were able to keep the plant running. And subsequently, that has been lifted and Zhangjiagang is ramping back up to full rates. So I think we executed and navigated that whole situation pretty well.  Silicon metals spiked a bit in the quarter. I would expect, over time, as things kind of normalize, that will come down a little bit, but that also helped drive some of the pricing that we saw in the first quarter.  So all in all, very strong performance. I do think it will continue to be a strong year for PM&C. We've got demand up in building electronics, industrial, mobility and personal care. The only area that's a little bit softer in 2022 versus '21 would be in home cleaning and that's as we're coming out of the pandemic.
James Fitterling: Jeff, good questions. I would say volume, year-over-year, up 1% consolidated basis is one way to look at it. I would say also sequentially, remember, we were up about 5%. We had a very strong operating rate in hydrocarbons and energy in the first quarter. And so we took advantage of the spreads between oil and natural gas, and that was a big underlying support for all the businesses. Some of the businesses that are the big volume generators had a pretty strong first quarter last year, and more of their impact from the freeze happened in the second quarter. We were able to manage first quarter last year by selling out of inventory, but second quarter really saw the stronger volume impact from Winter Storm Uri.  In terms of shareholder return. First 3 years post spin, we were faced with quite a few issues. Right after spin, we were moving into really a declining market, which led into COVID and all the issues we had to deal with. And so our focus during that time frame was to make sure that we navigated that, protected that dividend and made sure that we came out with the best balance sheet in the industry when we came out of the pandemic. I believe we did all those things.  A great company is not always a great stock. The actions we took on share buyback were meant to reflect that we think we are undervalued and there's better total shareholder return ahead. And I think we're starting to see that show through in the marketplace.
James Fitterling: Yes. Good question. Natural gas has been stubbornly high. It was higher than last year before the Russian-Ukraine incident and then obviously, then that drove it quite a bit higher. I would say the biggest issue behind natural gas pricing in the near term has been freeze-offs in the U.S. and the fact that we've not been back to the 98 Bcf a day that we need to produce at to get inventories back to the 5-year level. We've only been running about 95 Bcf per day, so we're about 3 Bcf a day short to get those inventories back to that level. Some of that has been due to freeze-offs through the winter and just not a big rebound.  But we're starting to see the production and the rigs shift into natural gas production. And what's going to happen, I think, is that natural gas production is going to come on faster than any LNG export capability. We're pretty well maxed out on LNG export capability today. So we'll -- if we can get these inventories back to the 5-year average levels by the fall, then I think you're going to see natural gas prices really come back into a more normal trading range.  In the medium term, I'd say they get back to $4 to $6, 1 million Btu longer term as those inventories get to that 5-year level, around $3, 1 million Btu. And then I think you'll see how many new export facilities get put up and also how much new import capability in Europe gets added to be able to decouple them from the Russian situation.  I think natural gas is going to see more investment and has a more positive outlook in the near term than oil. Oil has not had the investment for new capacity for the last several years. And if we were back to the level that oil needed to invest at today, we'd have to sustain that for a few years before we would see the oil supply come. I think the natural gas supply will come quicker. You'll see a response on natural gas in the 6 months to 12 months' time frame, not 2 to 3 years.
James Fitterling: Sure. We've got quite a bit of downstream silicone capacity coming on. A fair amount of it is in China. It's in a wide range of markets. It's in construction markets, in electronics and mobility, it's in personal care markets. Silicones is used in such a wide variety of applications. And those markets are all growing substantially. EVs use 2 to 3x more silicones than a traditional internal combustion engine vehicles and EVs' growth rates right now are relative. Year-over-year growth rates are super strong. So I think both return of internal combustion vehicle sales as the semiconductor chip issue is alleviated and the EV growth is going to really drive a lot of demand there.  Autonomous vehicles, 5G capabilities, all require more silicones. We have to eliminate the crosstalk in all those areas. And you've got to put up a lot more infrastructure in cities for 5G to support absolute continuous coverage in those areas. And that's really, really strong.  There are about 20 debottlenecking projects that are in those total projects. They're anything from new vulcanized products, lower viscosity fluids for personal care applications, all kinds of gels for EVs, electronics, mobile optics for automotive lighting. So think about the headlamps in a vehicle, not being polycarbonate anymore but being moldable optical silicone. Those are some of the biggest growth areas in that sector.
James Fitterling: Yes. If we were to get $0.09, as you suggested, we'd probably be close to that peak in the Americas, maybe a little bit shy of that peak in Europe and a fair bit off of the peak in Asia Pacific. Asia Pacific has been under a lot of pressure because of the much higher cost. Their cash margins in Asia have been really, really slow. And you've seen a lot of turndown in rates in Asia.  But I would say, yes, on North America, you'd be back close to that peak, maybe a few cents below it and same with Europe. So I think you're looking at it the right way. If we were to get $0.09 -- the other way to look at it is if we were to get the whole $0.09, we would probably cover the turnaround costs in P&SP and that wouldn't be a drag on the quarter. That's not what we've got in the forecast, but it is possible that, that could happen.
James Fitterling: Demand has been relatively stable. I would say, we don't have as much of a footprint in plastics in China as we do in Performance Materials & Coatings, and we do in silicones, and we do in Industrial Solutions. And so for plastics, a lot of what we would move in would be from the U.S. Gulf Coast or obviously from our partners in the Middle East.  Having said that, our demand was still pretty strong year-over-year going into China. We're seeing a lot of accelerated turnaround activity right now in China. So you're seeing crackers not just in China, but in Southeast Asia and North Asia, lowering operating rates, you're seeing them take turnaround time now instead of just slowing rates and continuing to operate. We've seen a lot of pressure on coal to olefins and methanol to olefins. And so I think that will continue.  And obviously, I do believe that China is seeing some advantage of being able to buy feedstocks probably from Russian sources at discounted rates. So that may be helping a little bit, but it certainly isn't making them positive cash margins. And I think we're going to be in that kind of environment for the next couple of quarters.
James Fitterling: Yes. Good question, Steve. I would say, in general, on hedging and both in the United States as well as in Europe, we've increased our hedging positions on natural gas, just based on what we've seen over the last couple of quarters. And we moved those positions over time, whether it be oil or natural gas. And we've had higher positions on both over the last couple of years.  Our biggest move is just based on our usage and our usage of natural gas and other feedstocks is so ratable that, that physical demand that we create is where we play most with the hedging. So what we can do with physical positions, what we can do with feedstock flexibility around cracking probably is our biggest bang for the buck bottom line. And then the paper strip and the physical are the financial hedge is next after that.  When it comes to e-cracking, the biggest challenge on e-cracking right now is finding the right materials of construction to make an electric coil for a cracker furnace that can withstand the heat that you need to be able to crack hydrocarbons and have any kind of life. And so I would say before we start thinking about what the return on that will be, we've got to just see if we can get the materials of construction right and be able to have a furnace coil that will have any kind of life to it at all and that can operate at a high operating rate and have good reliability over a long period of time.  And that's the biggest proof point on this pilot project. And then we can work ourselves into do we have the renewable energy at the right cost to be able to make that happen. We're doing that work in the Netherlands. I think it's important to note that the Netherlands has 6 new nuclear plants on their long-term plan. And I think that's a great sign in terms of what they see in terms of the need to basically decouple. They're going to have to rely a lot more on nuclear power to have high reliability, low-cost power. And that's going to be especially important for our industry as we move forward. And we need to look at that same thing. We're looking at that here in the U.S. in terms of small modular nuclear reactors.
James Fitterling: Yes, that's a good question. About 25% of our product mix is in the functional polymers when you look at P&SP downstream. Typically, the way you would think about functional polymers is they would typically hold their price through the cycle. They typically have less price dynamic movement compared to the commodity side of the business. But they're up quite a bit this quarter, and I would say that's because demand has been strong on the downstream for them and there hasn't been a lot of new capacity added there.  So just a tighter supply/demand balance on some of those functional polymers than we've seen. And I think some of that will continue because some of the markets that they go into are infrastructure-related. They can go into wiring cable markets, they can go into things like geomembranes and roofing for commercial buildings.  And so as you see more infrastructure-related projects, I think you're going to see that strong demand last longer here for functional polymers and that will probably keep the prices of those materials up. Also some higher input costs for some of the monomers to make functional polymers is going to have to pass through as well.
James Fitterling: Yes. Look, good question, Arun. On MDI, the balances through 2026 are pretty good. Demand looks like it's going to continue to outpace supply through 2026. So I think that continues to be positive for MDI.  On polyethylene, as I mentioned, in the Gulf Coast -- in the U.S. Gulf Coast, we've seen inventories come down. Inventories were down in March by about 200 million pounds and days of demand decreased by about 9%. So it's about 46 days of demand, and that's pretty -- if I looked at all of last year, they probably ran around 45 days all of last year. So I'd say pretty normal. And that is with still some congestion in the ports for the export channel.  So I would say supply challenges will still put upward pressure about 3 to 4 days on DDI. And half of that's due to third-party congestion and the other half is inventories that were built to cover turnaround season in second quarter, which is typically the heaviest turnaround season.  Based on the way things are moving, every month, we're seeing a little bit better export flows out of the Gulf Coast. So I think if we can keep steady improvement through the year, hopefully, we can get back to a more normal kind of predictable rate by the end of this year.
James Fitterling: Well, that's a good question. I think it's unlikely that we get into it just to monetize it. Our contribution -- and remember, our equity interest here is relatively low. We stepped in and made a contribution of land and access to our infrastructure services for the site in Stade. And those of you who are not familiar, Stade is about 40 minutes upstream from Hamburg on the Elbe River.  And we've got the capability. We've got our own port there, and we've got the capability to have a birth for an LNG ship to land in there. And so by contributing that land, we take an equity position in that Hanseatic Energy Hub. They've got plans to build the new terminal by 2026. They're going through the approvals right now. If they can get that done, that will satisfy 15% of Germany's natural gas demand. And so that will really help Germany have a second source of supply to the Russians. And that's very strategic, and I think that's important for the country.  So that's the reason we got into it to make it happen. We're not far enough along yet to get into what the offtake agreements are, but we will provide utilities. We'll provide cooling and other things to be able to help them make that a zero carbon emissions hub.  And I'm glad we were in a position to be able to do it. There's been some talk about building an LNG import facility in Germany for some time, but we were at the point where we were not sure whether Stade would still be on the table. And this came together relatively quickly after the Russia-Ukraine situation. And I'm really happy that the team was able to move in fast and put a stake in the ground on this.
