Doug May: Thank you, Lauren. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. As usual, we are making this call available to investors and the media via webcast. This call is the property of The Dow Chemical Company, any redistribution, retransmission or rebroadcast of this call in any form without Dow's expressed written consent is strictly prohibited. On the call with me today are Andrew Liveris, Dow's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Bill Weideman; Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dale Winger, Associate Director, Investor Relations. Around 7 AM this morning, October 24, our earnings release went out on Business Wire and was posted on the Internet on dow.com. We have prepared slides to supplement our comments in this conference call. These slides are posted on our website and through the link to our webcast. Now, some of our comments today include statements about our expectations for the future. Those expectations involve risks and uncertainties. We cannot guarantee the accuracy of any forecast or estimates and we don’t plan to update any forward-looking statements during the quarter. If you would like to see more information on the risks involved in forward-looking statements, please see our SEC filings. In addition, some of our comments reference non-GAAP financial measures. Reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure and other associated disclosures are contained in our earnings release and on our website. Unless otherwise specified, all comparisons presented today will be on a year-over-year basis. EBITDA, EBITDA margins, and earnings comparisons exclude certain items. The agenda for today's call is on Slide three. And I’ll now hand it – hand the call over to Andrew.
Doug May: Great. Thank you, Andrew. Now we move on to your questions. First, I would like to remind you that my comments earlier regarding forward-looking statements and non-GAAP financial measures apply to both, our prepared remarks and the following Q&A. Lauren, would you please explain the Q&A procedure.
Doug May: Thank you, Andrew. Thank you everyone for your questions and for joining us this morning. We appreciate your interest in The Dow Chemical Company. For your reference, a copy of our prepared comments will be posted on Dow’s website later today. This concludes our call for today and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you.
Andrew N. Liveris: Thank you, Doug and good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Turning to Slide 4, this quarter was another solid proved point in Dow’s earnings growth momentum and our focus on executing self help measures. Both strategic moves as well as tactical interventions to achieve top and bottom line gains in a perpetually slow-growth world. Here are the highlights, adjusted earnings per share grew 19% year-over-year, representing our fourth consecutive quarter of EPS growth. We delivered $1.4 billion of cash flow from operations, a 27% increase year-over-year. year-to-date we’ve generated an additional $3.1 billion of cash flow from operations versus the prior year. As strong cash flow and strategic actions are allowing us to fund our organic growth and additional shareholder remuneration. I’ll focus on debt reduction, $200 million in the quarter and $2.4 billion year-to-date droves our net debt to capital ratio down to 34.7% below the low-end of our historical range. We delivered solid EBITDA improvement led by our Performance Plastics franchise, where high margin market focus and cost advantage enable us to deliver EBITDA growth of more than 30% and notably our Coatings and Infrastructure, and Electronics and Functional Materials businesses also delivered EBITDA gains up 15% and 5% respectively. We continued to be proactive and as you’ve seen through our consistent and persistent actions over the last 12 months. Dow has a number of key catalysts in place that are fueling momentum, enhancing return on capital and driving higher returns for our shareholders. We've a number of strategic business transitions in motion, including the signed transaction on your Polypropylene Licensing and Catalysts business. Today, we announced additional financial milestones aligned with further actions we are taking to go narrower and deeper into attractive markets and proper pools and deselecting portions of value chains that are no longer core to our business. But first, I will turn it over to Bill for more detail on our financial and operating results in the quarter.
Andrew N. Liveris: So John, the scoping here matters a lot. And as you know from our previous conversations with many of you, the electrochemical unit, the chlorine part of that unit feeds a lot of our value, add businesses downstream, so decoupling the commodity pieces such as [indiscernible], such as chlorinated organics, such as vinyls. If you decouple it and think about those, we don’t actually loose a lot of EBITDA because we would not spend this far comment on my prepared remarks, we are not going to leave any stranded cost. The value chain is quite well up here in the United States. PVC guys are enjoying good domestic market as well exports based on low cost natural gas. So between caustic soda, Chlorinated Organics and Epoxy, these are basically single-digit EBITDA in the Dow context and frankly, we will basically see an improvement in our more because there will be less commodity and frankly the EBITDA on our second quarter earnings call therefore you to see and is basically $5 billion of revenue and roughly $450 million of EBITDA.
Andrew N. Liveris: So look, price volume in North America for plastics was at its max, so the unit that did very well, plastics was up by about 9% on price and down a little bit on volume and that actually tells you a North America story, that on the seed return in Ag, which was commented on our prepared remarks. If you look across most of the units that was strong, E&FM were up 8%, driven by functional materials, C&I was up 5%. So really the one you’ve highlighted which was the performance materials chlorine chain specifically Epoxy was the line that was most affected plus a little bit of the feedstock and energy unit because of the caustic turnaround.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, well, Q4 for Dow has always been on our mix, the slowest of our four quarters, that’s because of the December month, factory shutdown and not just in the United States but around the world. That comes to the comment on exports out of China. If the Chinese go into December running, then that comment will change, but typically what we see is a slow December, in fact the second two weeks of December almost non-existent.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, so the slide that refers to your point, 2015 is literally around the corner. I think the closer 2015 gets to you the startup of Sadara and the startup of our U.S. Gulf Coast PVH unit. As well as of course the second project we have down in the U.S. Gulf Coast post St. Charles; St. Charles is up and running and doing great as Slide 20 indicates. But Louisiana Ethane Flexibility project which is the conversion down there of the naphtha cracker to crack more ethane. Those are all going to hit 2015 timeframe without much of a global economy tailwind behind it. If you say that global economy is around 3%, 3.5% number, all things being equal. There is also our polyethylene plastic cycle in front of us as well, which is one of the things on Slide 20. So we believe quite confidently in the $10 billion number 2015 and on and between now and then, it's really a bridging over by being aggressive portfolio managers on commoditized underperforming units therefore John McNulty’s question, taking out low ROC will improve the ROC of the company, well least value as the 2015 capital is hit. Sadara starts up, US. Gulf Coast starts up, and then ethylene cycle occurs as well as they are bad and list launch this is north of $10 billion space.
Andrew N. Liveris: So I was just at the Plastics Exhibition at K. every three years we have big participation that is most plastics guys do. What's very notable about our plastic mix today versus a three year ago K is the disappearance of all the commodity plastics. And our customer base there that was there in droves, when they looked at Dow they saw packaging, specialty plastics, specialty elastomers, all high-value plastics which are wireless commodity sensitive. And the way we think about plastics today is value-add and the low cost feedstock piece where lock in through U.S. Gulf Coast and Sadara has way less volatility. We are de-emphasizing the naphtha and oil molecule in the plastics mix. As a consequence of that way more reliable earnings and way less sensitivity to volatility in the $10 billion, the increment from $8 million to $10 million north of 10 has way less volatility, a way low of data than the previous Dow of three or four years, five years ago. And the way I also view that is we're riding at a very high EBITDA number right now equivalent to what we had in 2005. We have the Rohm and Haas businesses all performing well, Coatings and Infrastructure has hit it stride [ph]. We have E&FM doing great, and so the Rohm and Haas businesses have really brought down our volatility. Our Ag business has brought down our volatility and we’ve changed plastics so it is less volatile. And we are getting out of the volatile pieces like in Epoxy, like commodity chlorine. So that answers your question I hope.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, part of that, hi, Duffy, you probably answered your own question, I mean certainly that is not, you should not equate that $5.5 billion of revenue roughly with the $3 billion to $4 billion at all. Because firstly, $3 billion to $4 billion includes $1.5 billion, we had already talked about. The increase of roughly $1.5 billion to $2 billion is probably part of the scope of that $5.5 billion and frankly includes joint ventures. And so there are structural topics in there like MLPs, there is some infrastructure, there is some energy assets. We are not done. That 3 to 4 is today’s number. We don’t know what to do. This is not a simple carve out, we are working hard on that, huge service to Styron. When we finally formed Styron, separated it and then have a lot to say about what we wanted to do with Styron. It obviously consists of a lot of businesses that you’ve already been expecting. So you should us continue to go down that path. We are working on modules, modules within that $5.5 billion and other time you will expect to get more updates from us.
Andrew N. Liveris: And definitely answer that. So from the seed return standpoint that was really driven from the wet and cold weather in the northern hemisphere primarily the U.S., there wasn’t any specific I mean license or anything like that. It was really best suited to return to smaller acreage in terms of plantation.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, exactly our seeds. So going forward we expect actually the seeds in the Ag business to bounce back in the fourth quarter and actually we believe we are going to have a strong 2014. So this is just little bit of anomaly actually this quarter to the seed returns again due to the wet weather and cold weather we had.
Andrew N. Liveris: It’s a terrific question P.J. When you consider the context of your question for many people on this phone like all of us, we have 117 years of history in chlorine. This management team is very driven to put financial strategic criteria against every part of that portfolio. And the strategic criterion around chlorine has been now for the last 5 years to 7 years around value-add chlorine for our downstream businesses like for example Ag chemicals. As we did the Mitsui deal down the Mitsui Chlor-Alkali, it was indicative to us that there were a lot of people out there that really wanted to play in the vinyls chain or PVC, particularly when they saw the low cost shale gas. So we consider it a valuable asset, but no longer may be valuable to us because of the other criteria, which is to decommoditize our earnings and really invest in IP and the value add. So therefore we can move some of that capital up of our boots. And frankly, that is driving us now to actually achieve in essence the de-volatilization of our earnings, as well as taking down some capital and reallocating that capital to better market choices. Commodity chlorine, others can do that, they can play in PVC. For us we will use our chlorine and competitive cost for our value-adds, but we have market choices for example the plastics packaging business, for example the Ag business, for example the electronic materials business where we would rather put Dow's precious capital for greater shareholder return. So it's frankly withdrawing the line higher up on ROC and higher up on a lower beta in terms of volatility of earnings and then going deeper in certain markets.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, Styron is a great indicator. We've done $8 billion of divestments in these last five years remember we did some of them in the middle of the crisis. We have an incredibly good team on the carve out side, very focused teams, for example Epoxy right now. Epoxy has a very focused group of people. We brought in one of our leaders from the Pacific, Pat Dawson, brought him back and have given him that full time job to run Epoxy, run it for cash, run it for maximized value and then over the time we will transact. And this is the sourcing we've got in place, Bill's got his M&A team, we've got our joint venture teams and we can parallel process this and execute against these divestments without interrupting our value growth activities.
Andrew N. Liveris: One more add, by the way sorry to beat on about this, but it's a powerful question. As you saw with plastic additives, we also are going to pull things off the market if we don't get the value that we believe they’re worth. This is not a fire sale, this is not a need for liquidity, this is not a need even for the balance sheet. This is a decision to allocate capital its highest value to our long-term profitable growth.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, so there is single-digit EBITDA percent margin and so we really have seen overcapacity. And if you look at China they have built a lot of their conversions of – settlement plants, the epichlorohydrin plants really was doubled out market dynamics which is not a typical of Chinese state-owned enterprises. So whether it's Asian producers, an Epoxy like the Taiwanese or the Chinese in epy [ph] and, they have oversupplied that, and the wind energy business disappearing because of loss of subsidies particularly in the Europe and U.S. I mean these have been big dynamics, so they come in a hurry. By the way this slide 18 on the second quarter deck has the specific EBITDA number, that is high single-digits. So the consequence of all this, Bob, is really you really don't want to put a lot of R&D against the commoditizing business. Dow has really good assets in epichlorohydrin, the two low cost assets in the world, one in Germany, one in Texas. Those assets can be run for cash as long as you don't burden them with extra cost structures downstream. There are other producers out there or way more downstream than us that choose to do the value-add downstream. I believe those businesses will commoditize with time. So in terms of getting valued, I think there is also an equal chance that this will be a combination with someone else because of these – these industries hurting as much as a pure sale. Having said that, our focus is to run it for cash, improve the value and then take it from there.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, I mean, I think the way you should think about JV, Frank is not unlike the Dow-Mitsui Chlor-Alkali JV. That was a pure 50/50, but that was a big synergy play based on Brownfield investments we had that we could incrementalize the new bill. In this case, the synergy is we have two very low cost upstream assets. So somebody else has a lot of downstream assets. So that could be restructuring. So I don't want to foreshadow the actual deal off course, but in the essence there would be synergies available and then over time we don't have to be even a 50% owner. We could even start out on a low ownership. This thing could be a beautiful part of somebody’s private equity portfolio. This could be even a spin out as a standalone Epoxy business. These niche specialty chemical companies that run with a very low cost base and with some value add, but very focused, I mean this could be very attractive to some small portfolio somewhere. So, long story short. As I said, it was a great business. It can be a good business, but for us it’s way too volatile and given where we are in terms of our portfolio allocation process it’s a good time to look at better owners.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, and notably by the way the plastics chain is running in the early 90s and the crackers are all running in the low 90s. So, different parts of the outfield [ph] are running below obviously 80%. So where we’re taking our capacity and where we’re divesting is in the parts that are running below 80%. So therefore Bill’s mathematical answer is correct. It should go higher than 82%. ah and notably by the way, the plastics chain is running in the early 90s, so the crackers are all running in the low 90s, so different path of the ops that are running below obviously 80. So here we are taking our capacity and while our divesting is in the cost of better running below 80%, so therefore Bill’s mathematical answer is correct. It should go on higher than 82%
Andrew N. Liveris: Certainly in the quarter and in this next quarter the propane run up is a mismatch between fractionation capacity coming on and export capacity being built. So the exports may try to factor into the rising propane. But at the end of the day it doesn’t change the direction arrow [ph] Kevin, in terms of the market being long globally for as far as I can see. So if you export it globally along market it will kick the domestic number down. We believe the long-term process will trend higher well with WTI, but at a lower ratio, probably around 50% to 55% than in the past because these new supplies out of fractionations will come and over a meaningful timeframe will outpace the exports and other demand.
Andrew N. Liveris: Yes, I mean I would also like to highlight some of the questions we’re being asked. Our commitment to get to north of $10 billion is absolutely resolute. We have a medium-term catalyst for 2015. 2015 is not a far timeframe. In this short timeframe the cost and cash interventions that we’re asked about appearing in Q4, I mean against some of the volatility that’s out there we believe the market is getting better. So 2014 should be better than 2013 and we believe that by making the decisions we have on the bottom part of the portfolio in terms of ROC will liberate value and liberate value to earnings off the balance sheet and then keep raising if you like our shareholder remuneration. So that’s the storyline. We had September volatility on hydrocarbons. So didn’t get the price increases, but frankly we believe that the year-on-year was very strong and we’ll continue to execute against the same.
William H. Weideman: Sure. Hi, John, this is Bill. You are exactly right. As you know that our net debt to total capital has come down significantly due to the permissible actions we’ve taken over the last four or five years, reducing debt by $5 billion, and you’re right. The entry point of that is comment [ph]. With both our expectation and strong cash flow generation plus the proceed we’ll have a lot of flexibility going forward. As I think of debt, John, we think that this is a way that – I think of it. It’s not so much as uncertainty for a specific target, our net debt to total cap. We will continue to reduce debt, but it’s primarily to reduce interest cost, which will increase our earnings and will give us the flexibility return than more to shareholders. So as you think about our debt, we will continue to bring down debt. You’ll be focused on our highest cost percentage debt. It is primarily to liberate more earnings. At the same time we will also fund our growth projects that we’ve laid out, but clearly as you pointed out we’re going to have a lot more cash to return to shareholders both in terms of increased dividend and share repurchase. So we’re at a very good position and the key message is we have a lot of flexibility going forward.
William H. Weideman: Yes. So I mentioned in the list just but I can definitely tell you that we believe Ag will double its value from EMEA in these next several years based on those launches. It's doubling value in the last 3 to 5 years. It's got the Seeds, Traits and Oils business is about to approach breakeven, we will release a lot more value once that is no longer in negative territory. Enlist itself is an accelerator, SmartStax has done really terrifically, and then all the Ag chem launches that we put out there which are being, whether that’d be herbicides or insecticides have been knocking it out of the park. The Dow’s earning power is greater than $1.4 billion in 2015.
William H. Weideman: It was down, I don’t have the exact number in front of me, but the turnaround third versus second was in the update $20 million to $30 million kind of range.
William H. Weideman: I’ll just add to that, PJ as Andrew mentioned, each one of these, we have a different team working on those. So we have a team completing and exceeding the $1.5 billion. We have a team specifically focused on the chlorine derivatives, specifically focused on Epoxy. So we’ve done very much a divide and conquer approach here.
William H. Weideman: Hi, Bob, this is Bill. So your math is right. So year-to-date our cost savings is $320 million and at the end of the year we spent $500 million. So you do your math there, we'd expect in $180 million kind of range. And the reason is that that continues to ramp up. As far as the people reduction, where we've eliminated about 70% of those positions and so that will – that additional reduction is coming in the fourth quarter plus the full impact of the work force reduction we've done, but your math is exactly right. So you could expect that to ramp in the order of magnitude of another $180 million in the fourth quarter. As far as the corporate segments, there is lots of different things in the corporate segment. You've got insurance and other things in there, but actually it's right within the range that we have provided there. You're right, it's about flat for the year ago, as I recall it is like $218 million this quarter, which is really inline with. And going forward you should expect that to be in that $200 million to $250 million, but more on the lower side. And as we go forward, in 2014 you will continue to see more cost reductions that will impact quarter.
William H. Weideman: Yes, Andrew. We didn’t feel there is need to go out and do any M&A. We need to have clear balance, reinforced doing more tax. We have a net growth thing that we’ve laid out U.S. Gulf Coast et cetera that will fund, that we think will do much better returns than we could ever get in a M&A deal.
William H. Weideman: I don’t know, Rob. Obviously up from where it is today. It’s always been on the scope and obviously the economy itself, but I would say definitely higher than it was today and then third quarter was 82%.
William H. Weideman: Just real quick at, I mean, as far as how the business is operating at quarter, I mean, we made a comment, but I think that Electronic and Functional Materials had a good quarter up year-over-year, very solid EBITDA returns, Coatings and Infrastructure as Andrew mentioned. We’re starting to see that business improve and so year-over-year improvement and we believe that trend will continue. We believe we’ll here start to see now an year-over-year improvements there. Ag was a little bit of an anomaly this quarter, we expect this is going to bounce back forward. Performance Materials delivered very strong earnings, and we expect that will continue and Performance Materials as we have highlighted that ones where we’re really focused on improving returns there. And then Feedstock and Energy was down a little bit, but that was all really related to the feedstocks slate in Europe. So most all of our businesses with exception of Performance Materials did actually quite well in year-over-year comparison.
William H. Weideman: That’s a great question. So Mark, if you go back to Dow’s integration strategy over the decades, chlorine, ethylene, propylene and then benzyne and aromatics all formed the foundation molecules. We took a big decision five, seven years ago around the aromatics part, right. So you can see that were Styron and that was not an easy carve out, but one that we could pull off without stranding at the negative cost and hurting our strategy going forward on value-add. So now you’re correctly addressing the chlorine piece, because we’ve got ethylene, we’ve got propylene and we believe those are essential molecules for our value-add. That integration will never change based on the current portfolio, but certainly on this portfolio piece without looking at, which our chlorine derivatives that are commoditizing, remember this is not our evolution, we are basically seeing over booming going on. If there was a medium term structural fix, we probably would have recommended it by now. But in essence the chlorine violence [ph] piece of this has not been our strategy for some years ever since we basically have the ShipTek, SynTec contract goes away a bit. Why? Because we wanted PVC, they were, so other companies are in PVC. So that always made sense. We could pull that off without really hurting our chlorine integration strategy. So now we are doing the next layer on it which is there Epoxy Resin and Chlorinated Organics, these are commoditizing. We believe we can pull it off without changing the integration strategy.
William H. Weideman: Yes, so every 100 basis point increase in interest rate, which is about where we are today is relevant, reduces our interest expense about $250 million. I think it was based on the discount. If interest rates stay about where they are today you could expect our interest expense to be down roughly $250 million next year and could be up and could be a little bit more. It also has a significant impact on our funding ratio. Every 100 basis point changes our funding balance about $2 billion. So it’s another data point.
