George Oliver: Sure. So if you look at North America, and let's focus on the commercial HVAC market, certainly, this is a very attractive end market. It has long secular drivers that align very well with our core. And as you know, Nigel, we've been investing nicely, reinvesting into our product, and we're -- I think, overall, we're taking share. For the year, we're going to be up about almost 200 basis points.  Big focus on energy efficiency and sustainability. And that's supported with not only our industry-leading chillers, but also now with the new rooftops that we're bringing into the market, with low-GWP refrigeration that's driving increased efficiency and driving service. And then we're investing more heavily now in the next-gen air cool technologies, electrification with heat pumps and heat transfer units as well as advanced VRF technology.  So as you said, we have had strong performance not only in North America, but across the globe -- across the board. That's also enabling us to be able to create a very nice installed base and get that connected, which drives to longer-term services. And all of this is being enhanced with our digital capabilities with OpenBlue.  So specifically in Applied, when you look at the demand for retrofit opportunities driven by healthy buildings and return to work and school, particularly in North America, that was very strong with our controls airside and filtration. A lot of that has been driven by K-12. We also see a strong demand globally for air-cooled chillers in data centers and rental markets as well as industrial heat pumps -- and both chiller -- in our IR portfolios.  And so when you look at our orders globally in Applied, it's up 11% globally. North America, when you look at purely equipment, it's up kind of mid-20s, which was very strong, and that's sequentially to a very strong quarter that we had in the third quarter. So overall, we're gaining nice share, as I said, for the year, up almost 200 basis points.  Now as it relates to -- on the residential, when we talk about the residential space, we continue to perform very well. When you look at our residential business in ducted, we have a nice, nice backlog. We're up significantly in backlog, and we're continuing to perform well. We've been investing in new products here and ultimately gaining share, and we feel good about that.  Now globally, when you look at the overall position that we have globally in residential, we had decent performance in our JCH business, which was up about 4%. And I think, and as we look at that business, we've been gaining share and continuing to perform with the new products that we've been able to bring to market.  We -- although Japan was down 11%, we outperformed in that market. You know that, that's a big end market for us. We had strong growth in Europe, which was up about 35%. And as Olivier said, that the China, the Hisense business, the HAPQ is up over 40%. So overall, we feel good about our overall performance in residential. 
George Oliver: Yes. Let me start. Service has become core to everything we do. We've got an incredible base of service, over $6 billion. We've got about 55% of that recurring, and we're making a lot of progress. Certainly, not only expanding our market coverage, we've been enhancing our technology and now deploying a lot more digital content within the solutions that we provide to our customers. And we've been going after the underserved installed base.  With an incredible installed base, we have a material opportunity and, we believe, a competitive advantage now with the technology that we're bringing to really create a lot of value. And it's got a very attractive margin profile, as you know, 2x the company EBITDA margin. And so that all being said, with the investments we've been making, we've been certainly -- not only as we bring new projects to the field, we're getting a lot more connectivity and getting attached PSAs while we've been going after the installed base, which, historically, we had not served.  And so this year, with the work that we did, we got that attach rate up to now 40%. We're continuing to make a lot of progress with that installed base. We're committing another 300 to 400 basis point improvement in '22. And that's all tied to -- when you look at the new services that we're bringing to the market, we're bringing 20 new service products and offerings in '22 across our domains, leveraging technology and data insights.  And that will enable our customers to not only reach their clean air, fire and security as well as sustainability goals. And that's going to be a big focus for us. We believe, as we laid out the guidance, that we are on track in being able to outperform the market and be able to outperform by roughly 200 to 300 basis points on a go-forward basis. 
George Oliver: Yes, we believe -- when you look at our technology and our capabilities to truly now differentiate how all of the equipment that's been installed really differentiating the performance, we have the opportunity to go after all of it. Now that all being said, there's customers that do some of their own self-maintain and the like, but we believe there's going to be an element of service that we can provide to that entire installed base.  So we're going to be driving to -- we're attaching on new projects, we're getting a very high attachment. And now going back after the installed base with these service offerings, which are huge value creators, that we have an ability to be able to go after all of that, and we expect it to get to 70%, 80% here over the next few years. 
George Oliver: Yes. Let me start with the first question there. When you look at what we've done here in the last year, given all of the volatility, I would say that our team is operating at top quartile, that we have been able to navigate and be able to stay ahead of the disruption. We've been working closely with our suppliers. We're working closely with our customers. And ultimately, we've been able to deliver on our commitments.  And so we're going to stay proactive. We're going to continue to work it. With that all being said, we do believe that, in the quarter, that there was probably an impact of about 1% to 2% on top line as a result of the shortages that hindered our ability to be able to convert all that we could have. But the team, overall, has done a great job working with our suppliers to be able to mitigate the impact and ultimately secure the critical materials.  Now as it relates to labor, because of our growth rates and the like, we have had a program management team globally to make sure that we're positioning ourselves to get all of the critical talent that's going to be required to support the growth strategies that we laid out during the Investor Day, which we feel very good about. And so we have been able to stay ahead of the curve in being able to bring on, whether it be the skilled technicians, the technical capability that we need to support OpenBlue, all of the different capabilities to be able to produce.  Now with some of the demand, we have been -- we talked a little bit about the accelerated demand in unitary residential and as well as rooftops, we've had -- we've been stretched with capacity. That being said, we have been bringing on new capacity. We just brought on some additional capacity here in the last month, which will help improve our abilities there. But overall, I feel very good, given the volatility and our ability to be able to attract and retain the talent we need, and ultimately work with our suppliers and work with our customers and try to mitigate the impact that we're seeing, both in orders as well as our ability to fulfill because of shortages. 
George Oliver: Yes, Scott. So we talked a lot about this at our Investor Day. When you look at what we're doing with OpenBlue and the technology and the domain and expertise that we bring to buildings and infrastructure, how do we build out our ecosystem. So now when you look at a holistic solution, we have the right technology partners and we have the right go-to-market partners.  And so as we've been doing that, we've been working closely with Accenture relative to their capabilities and how we go to market and ultimately driving a full holistic solution around sustainability, and then working locally with Alibaba and working with Daniel Zhang relative to getting the technology required to be fully successful within the China market and being able to serve those customers with our full holistic solutions.  So we believe the market opportunity, Scott, is multibillions with what we're going after. It ties to our -- it really ties to our ability to drive decarbonization. And obviously, with that, more healthy buildings and ultimately connected buildings that drive different outcomes within the infrastructure that we built. And so we're very excited with the partnership and, I think, as we deploy our holistic solutions, critical partners in being able to execute. 
George Oliver: And so like I said in one of the previous questions, I think we've done really well, Scott, and our ability, I think, with the continued performance of the company, with the exciting strategy that we have in going after these growth vectors and then our ability to be able to really attract the talent that we think is critical to being able to be able to be successful. And so we've had typical challenges here or there. But overall, I've been very impressed with the ability to be able to attract.  And we also use, in the install business, to your question on install, we do use contractors or subcontract labor. And we made sure that every step of the way, as contingency, we've got the right labor in place, whether it be our direct labor or through our contracted labor. And so I would tell you that, obviously, this was a, let's say, a risk factor that we saw early, and we've been managing it really well and positioning to be able to continue to deliver on the commitments we've made. 
George Oliver: Yes. So when you look at -- like I said, this has become a central focus for the entire organization, recognizing that all of the investments we make in products as well as now with OpenBlue, the translation of that, Jeff, is into a solution, into a recurring revenue that ultimately creates more value for our customers and, certainly, we get the return to our service margin rates.  And so when you look -- the traditional service business, obviously, that's come back nicely post pandemic. Well, the accelerator now is what we're doing with digital, the new OpenBlue offerings. That all is helping us increase attach rates, and then not only attach rates, but now additional services, taking the intelligence, applying AI and ultimately now delivering these new service offerings. As I said, through 2021, we delivered 15 new service offerings. A lot of those were tied to healthy buildings, sustainability, all of our key growth vectors, and we've been able to build a tremendous pipeline of opportunity that we're now beginning to convert.  When you look at service orders, we're up 7% above the 2019 levels, and we see that continuing with that momentum. Because not only is it -- we're getting the core business is coming back, and we're going to continue to maintain that with the traditional service business that we perform. More important now is the conversion of all of the new services on top of that, that has become the accelerator. And so we believe that we're positioned here well to continue to build backlog, to get more of it recurring and, ultimately, with the value that we create, continued very strong margins on that service going forward. 
George Oliver: And I'm sure there's still -- and I would say, there's still a little bit of pressure that we -- similar to what we saw in fourth quarter relative to our ability to convert, but again, it's minimal. 
George Oliver: And Julian, I think it's important to note that on the short-cycle Fire & Security business, it's coming back very nicely. We saw our products business up 9%. We've got great backlogs there. So that's continuing.  The field-based business has been a little bit slower on the recovery because they don't -- we don't have the focus on clean air and all of the work we did with our HVAC and a lot of the focus on short term on sustainability. But we see some nice trends here. So through the course of the year, we'll continue to accelerate, but it will be short of where we -- what we see Commercial HVAC to be for the year. 
George Oliver: Yes. So as we look at this business, we have a lot of conversion coming from what would have been a conventional business to now incorporating that business into solutions, differentiated solutions. And so as we look at, for instance, the partnership we have with Apollo, and this is a focus on decarbonization and sustainability. We've got a pipeline that we're working that's over $1 billion in how we're going to convert.  And now some of this depends on the timing of conversion of orders. But we're making tremendous progress right now working a number of these and working to convert a number of these. So it's hard to say exactly what's going to ultimately come through Performance Contracting and then what we would still gain -- if it were not to be the full solution, what we would gain in our traditional HVAC businesses.  But Deane, this is going to be -- when you look at our vectors of growth, decarbonization and sustainability, healthy buildings and then, ultimately, smart buildings, a lot of our go-to-market would be -- we actually deliver an outcome solution. A lot of that will be done long term with -- under Performance Contracting.  So we've got a leadership position today with our Performance Contracting business that ultimately has been focused on energy savings. We've expanded that. And now with our go-to-market, we have, I believe, tremendous potential here over the next few years to make this much more significant within the portfolio. But I feel really good about it, and it's going to continue to grow. 
George Oliver: Yes. So let me take that. Certainly, this was directly aligned, this acquisition, with our overall capital allocation, M&A strategies, right down the middle, a nice bolt-on. And overall, we're extremely pleased with the progress we're making. This is just a phenomenal opportunity here going forward. The data center market is a $16 billion market. We have 5% share, and we have the opportunity to now leverage our entire footprint now to take advantage in a much bigger way of the global market.  And so we see that growth to be very strong going forward. We're continuing to build the pipeline. We're expanding the customer base that we're beginning engagements with and how we innovate and serve their data center needs going forward. And so on a go-forward basis, it's going to be one of the significant growth contributors to the company. 
George Oliver: Yes. Let me wrap up the call here today. I want to thank everyone, again, for joining our call this morning. As we discussed here this morning, we had a very strong finish to the fiscal year. And certainly, the underlying momentum that we're seeing in our businesses is extremely encouraging.  As we enter fiscal 2022, I think it's important to note that the growth accelerators are ramping and are well on our way to achieving our fiscal year '24 targets that we laid out back in September. And we all look forward to continuing our discussion, speaking with many of you soon during the conferences. So on that, operator, that concludes our call. 
Olivier Leonetti: Let me comment also on Performance Infrastructure, Nigel. This is a proxy for what is happening in the market for sustainability. As we put in our opening remarks, orders for this business for the year was growing at 42%. And we are very pleased about how this business is behaving across the globe. We have created a practice now at Johnson Controls fully dedicated to sustainability. And we are very excited by what we can do for our customers on this front, Nigel. 
Olivier Leonetti: The attach rate on new products is indeed very high and very much representative of the quote that George has mentioned, 70%, 80% attached. 
Olivier Leonetti: So in '22, the inflation we are planning to have is about 3% to 4%. So for '21, it was about 2%.  The exit rate in '21 was a bit higher, 2% to 3%, but for the full year of '22, 3% to 4%. To answer to your question on price/cost equation, we have now -- we have a great pricing practice at Johnson Controls. I can go into the details if you have another question on this. But we have been, in Q4, price/cost positive, including excess logistics cost in the equation. We have been price/cost positive in the second half, and we are planning to be price/cost positive in '22 as well, including in Q1, Josh. 
Olivier Leonetti: An additional point, Scott, our productivity program now, which is ramping and which would impact COGS this year, is also based upon increasing the productivity of our field operation, including the productivity of our engineers. So that program is coming also handy at this point in time and is helping us also to manage those labor availability challenges you have mentioned. 
Olivier Leonetti: Jeff, I'm going to answer to both because, really, the model we have today cover both. So you mentioned that we have executed very well in terms of price/cost. And price/cost is actually one of the, of course, foundation of our operating model.  Let me mention a few levers we are using today. One, we have priced projects through last year, anticipating some level of inflations. That's point number one. Point number two, we had modified about 2 years ago our contract agreement to allow us to adjust pricing. For number three, we have identified now, because of our business intelligence, part of the market which are less sensitive to price. Point number four, and George mentioned that today, our offering now provide great value to our customers: decarb, sustainability, indoor air quality. And we offer great ROI for our customers and then price to value.  Our backlog is now also shorter, so we can adjust pricing faster. On materials, for a large part of our whole materials today, we have ESG program covering costs for about 6 months. And last but not least, across the enterprise at Johnson Controls, our workforce is incentivized to drive pricing, pricing rate. So as a result to all of this, you end up with the results we have been posting, Jeff. 
Olivier Leonetti: Right. So in the growth, we have mentioned high single-digit organic growth, pricing is about 3% to 4% in that number. If I decompose the growth by vectors, services is expected to grow 6% to 7%. We mentioned why that is, at length, to some of the questions we had earlier. In terms of install -- install, it's a very strong business, particularly at the back of retrofit. This is a business we expect to see growing at about 6% to 8%.  And Global Products, we expect this business to grow in the low teens. It's a strong vector growth for Johnson Controls. Our team is doing great work launching new products. The new products we're going to launch next year is accelerating. We mentioned more than 175. We launched about 150 this year. And the large proportion of those products, a large proportion use heat pump as a key technology.  So we believe, today, we have many vectors to grow the enterprise, leveraging also the secular trends impacting this industry: decarbonization, indoor air quality, digitalization of the building space. And we are very excited about what we have in front of us and also what we're building at Johnson Controls, Steve (sic) [ Pat ]. 
Olivier Leonetti: Yes, we do. The vector of growth are going to deliver more sustainability, would drive more of the growth. Service will drive more of the growth. So you see the acceleration of the various work vectors being at play across the year. 
Olivier Leonetti: So it's a very precise question. Typically, the first half as Johnson Controls has represented about 30% of the total year. We believe we'll be in the mid-30s in the first half, considering, by the way, the supply chain constraints we are seeing today or it's factored in that statistic. 
Olivier Leonetti: So you're right, the incremental in the P&L are in the range of mid-20s, so 25%. Adjusted for price/cost, it would be in the 35% range, meaning we are aligned to what we had communicated to you. Our productivity program is intact. We expect to save about -- have a net saving of about $230 million this year, which will flow to the bottom line. And in addition to that, we'll have a 30 basis points improvement in margin.  If you look at the phasing, the 40 basis point impact in margin for the year is going to be a bit higher in Q1, slightly higher. And I want to emphasize again, this is important, price/cost, positive in dollar, negative in rate, including also extra freight cost, for example, Julian. 
Olivier Leonetti: So the Commercial HVAC will grow slightly faster than Fire & Security. Fire & Security is going to grow well as well, that's what I anticipate. The reason for this is that Fire & Security, this portfolio is totally part of our digital offering in the context of a smart building solution.  So those 2 businesses are going to grow. And you know that as well, Julian, Fire & Security has a very attractive margin profile. And more and more of those devices are actually sensors in the building, allowing us to develop digital twins and the like. 
Olivier Leonetti: So you're right. If you factor the impact of the COGS and productivity program is close to 1 point. You will have to factor also Silent-Aire in the equation, which is dilutive in rate. But we see today, net of the price/cost, I've mentioned the 40 basis points, if you do the math, you end up with a margin expansion higher than 100 basis points, 110 to 120. And as I indicated, our margin profile is improving because of the value of our offering, and our productivity program is well on track. 
Olivier Leonetti: The pipeline statistic -- Deane, the pipeline statistic we mentioned, this part of the pipeline at Johnson Controls is the one growing the fastest by margin. 
