Antonella Franzen: Good morning. And thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls’ third quarter fiscal 2020 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com.
Antonella Franzen: I would just add in there, and just to remind folks that our orders for Global Products are not in our overall order number. And you mentioned earlier, like commercial and residential and a lot of activity that folks are seeing. And just to be clear, we saw a very similar trend and had really good order growth in both, the commercial side and the residential side in our Global Products business, particularly in the month of June, and as Brian mentioned, unprecedented order growth in the month of June in residential.
Antonella Franzen: Well, see, let me take that one. So, overall mix, there’s a lot of different dynamics to think about, when you think about our business, because service and install is one component of mix. But then, remember, within each field business and even within Global Products, each domain has mixed up as well. So, overall for the quarter, when you look at all the businesses and various mix across the board, I would say mix overall was about a 20 basis-point benefit.
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today’s call. I hope you and your families are continuing to stay healthy and safe. Before we get into the detailed review of our third quarter results, I’d like to start by providing you with several highlights and key messages coming out of the quarter on slide 3. I am extremely pleased with how we executed in the quarter and have been encouraged by the monthly sequential improvement. Conditions are beginning to normalize. Our facilities are operating at near-normal levels and access to customer sites is improving more and more every day. And although global macro conditions remain challenging, and the political and social climate in many parts of the world remains extraordinarily dynamic, we are capitalizing on near-term opportunities to engage with our customers as they enhance the health and safety of their buildings and position ourselves long-term as a leader in intelligent building solutions.
George Oliver: Thanks, Brian. Let’s turn to slide 17 for a look at our guidance for the fourth quarter. Given the trends in Q3, we expect to see a nice sequential improvement in revenue, which is expected to result in a year-over-year organic revenue decline in the high single to low double digit range, with sequential improvement expected across service, project installation and products. Although some temporary actions, such as furloughs will come back in Q4, we will continue to benefit from significant mitigating actions, which will keep our net EBIT decrementals, including synergies and productivity in the low teens range. Overall, we expect our fourth quarter earnings per share before special items to be in the range of $0.68 to $0.72, another strong quarter, given the unprecedented environment. Versus our framework for a 15% to 20% organic revenue decline in the second half, we now expect the second half to only be down low teens. This coupled with strong execution, and additional cost savings puts us in a very strong position to finish the year. We now expect our full year earnings per share to be in the range of $2.16 to $2.20, which represents an impressive year-over-year increase of 10% to 12%. As we continue to navigate through these unprecedented times, Johnson Controls is well-positioned, both financially and strategically. The launch of OpenBlue demonstrates our continued commitment to innovation, enhances our service capabilities and future proofs our strategy. We are in a leadership position to capitalize on recovery and create long-term shareholder value. With that, operator, please open up the line for questions.
George Oliver: Yes. Let me just give the framework here. So, we’ve been -- with the merger we did four years ago, this was obviously a big focus area where we could take our multiple capabilities across our products, our digital platforms, bring that altogether into one architecture. So, this is really the investments that we’ve made over that period of time to bring the best together and ultimately create the platform. And with this, it’s really combining products, new technology solutions and services in one digital architecture. And I think, when you look at that, it’s taking what we do with our operational technology combined with IT systems, as well as a lot of new cloud applications that really does create a dynamic digital platform. And so, when you look at this, Jeff, it does enhance all of our domain today. So, in each one of our -- whether be HVAC or Security & Fire, a lot of these digital capabilities are being put to work today to enhance the services that we ultimately provide to our customers. This also gives us an opportunity to create an ecosystem to be able to bring together other technology companies, and where we’re now deploying artificial intelligence and digital twins, to be able to deliver unrealized and increased value to our customers. And so, I think, as we see it today, we are selling this as part of our core. And now, with the announcement today, it’s really now taken that to the next level and we think now more than ever, it’s critical that building environments are safe and secure. So, it’s not only making sure that we have the highest level of indoor air quality, but it’s also combining what we do there with all of the other digital systems within the building to ultimately create the healthiest and safest environment for our customers. And so, I think it’s -- we’re already deploying this today in a number of our core businesses. And I believe that this is going to enable us now with the bigger problems that we’re focusing on solving to be able to do a lot more and how we ultimately support our customers with their return to work.
George Oliver: Yes. What I would say is -- what I said in my prepared remarks, we’ve done incredible job here really going after the cost, not only on a temporary basis, but really looking at significant restructuring that’s going to position us here going forward in ‘21. And so, I believe that the permanent actions that we’ve taken will absolutely offset the -- or mitigate the temporary actions related to the compensation that we ultimately got benefit of this year. And so, when you look at the incremental margins going forward, with all of the changes that ultimately have occurred, I believe we’re going to be very well positioned post-COVID. And we believe that there’s still lots of opportunity, certainly we’re focused on making sure that we’re playing offense and really focusing on the top-line and going after the new opportunities that we see, given the environment we’re in. But, at the same time, we’re being very-disciplined from a cost standpoint, not only executing on the restructuring, but also on the temporary costs that we address this year, making sure that they don’t come back in -- at a level that doesn’t align to the volumes that we’re ultimately going to see as we get into 2021. And so, I feel very good Jeff that we’d get incremental margins of 30% as we go forward. And with the work that the team has done here, I feel very good as we position for ‘21.
George Oliver: What we saw during this period of time is really unprecedented, given the shutdowns that occurred, and throughout most of the quarter what I would say, all of our field businesses experienced a lot of restricted access to customer sites, limiting our ability to perform our typical service and install work. And it was really an abnormal phenomenon relative to what we would see as a typical downturn. And so, even with that, like I said, I believe we outperformed, we were down 9% on a global basis, and we pretty much -- in line with where we saw the most significant lockdown. Now, when I look at our service days and in line with your question is that about two-thirds of our service revenue is recurring, and about 40% of that is actually done remotely, where over about 40% does not require access to the customer and requires access at an agreed upon time. And that typically -- it mainly inspire where you actually have to go on site, giving codes on on-prem inspections where they’re performed. And that’s a big chunk of our services. It’s roughly a little over $1 billion in PSAs in Fire that are excluded from that 40%. And so, we do see that getting better, Joe, as we’re going forward. We’ve seen a significant improvement in June and then again now in July, with our overall service activity. And so, it does help. We can do it remotely. But -- and I think we’ve done that extremely well, given the restrictions that we’ve had. But, now with things opening up, we’re starting to see that demand come back very nicely.
George Oliver: Okay. And then, on the -- when you look at the products, the pure products, I apologize, the pure products were down, roughly -- when you look at the different businesses, we were down, overall about 20%. And we broke that down out into residential, which as Brian said, North America was pretty strong that’s coming back nicely. And orders in June were very, very strong, up almost 200%. And then, on the other side, on the North America commercial, look at that, like I said, we’re coming back there. And then, the other one is on the APAC residential, we’re down about 20% in Hitachi. And that’s mainly driven by some of the challenges that we’ve had in the markets there being shut down, as well as in Japan and Taiwan markets now beginning to recover, and they’re actually coming back very nicely. And so, that was the -- so to your point, early in the quarter, we saw destocking and some challenges there. But, what we saw during the quarter, from an order standpoint, that’s coming back very nicely within our Global Products business. And that’s going to play out here as we get through the fourth quarter.
George Oliver: Now, let me start, Nigel, by saying, the changes that are coming to buildings and infrastructure post this pandemic, absolutely does play to our strengths. Our entire strategy revolves around capitalizing on the evolution to these smarter, safer spaces. And why we have a unique competitive position? We do look at this holistically. And when you look at our service techs, we have the largest team of service techs and sales forces globally with the one of the largest install bases and an unmatched product portfolio depth and breadth. And so, if you go through the domain, so let’s start with HVAC and indoor air quality. We’re certainly addressing this when you start with -- you can start with active filtration. We’re now -- the recommendation is going from a MERV 6 to 8 to a MERV 13, 14. And that we can do that. And we ultimately -- you can do that. But many times, it does require to upgrade the fan motor to be able to get the full airflow necessary to support the space that you’re conditioning. So, yes, we’re doing that. The other piece is with our controls, we’re making sure that you get the proper flow of outdoor air. So, you get the maximum air purification with the outdoor air exchange. We’re very much -- that’s another part of the solution. And then, in our air handlers as well our rooftop units, where we deploy UV lighting technologies or bipolar ionization that ultimately -- depending on the space that you’re serving, ultimately purifies the air. And then, at the high end with help of filters, we not only provide portable units, but we also attach our -- help our filtration units to ducted system. And we’ve been the leader in being able to provide standup capacity for hospitals with this temporary space that we’ve been building across the globe, with our capabilities. And then, with that, every one of these situations requires engineering. And so, how you go into a particular customer and whether it be filtration or air purification technologies, and/or how you change the makeup air or outdoor air flow, and then ultimately, how you upgrade the overall system to be able to achieve the highest level of air purification? That’s one aspect, but what I see the opportunity to be is how does that combine with the other building systems that we ultimately deploy, which is Fire & Security. You might have seen where we launched our new camera, thermal imaging camera last week, that is got the -- it's approved by the FDA and it’s got the tightest variation on being able to check temperatures, not only at entries, but then being able to be deployed more broadly across indoor space. And so, that can be attached to the systems that we deploy. Frictionless, as far as how we upgrade all of these devices within a facility and become frictionless. And then, the last is what’s been most exciting for us is taking what we do today with those systems and being able to track and trace, so we can ultimately identify individuals where they’ve been within a facility who they’ve been with, and potentially if they were to be infected, who would need to be quarantined. And so, I believe this digital control does create a competitive advantage. It offers a unique, enhanced user experience with these type of capabilities beyond just any one of the domains, Nigel.
George Oliver: So, one of our advantages, Scott, is that we do that. I mean, we have technicians in the field. And as we’ve been deploying these capabilities, we’ve been obviously enhancing the skill sets of the technicians required to ultimately deploy these types of solutions. And so, that has been ongoing as we’ve been enhancing these capabilities. And so, I think when you look at our footprint, and not only having our core technologies that we deploy, but now being able to put all of those together into a simple architecture, and be able to then now create outcomes that our customers are looking for to solve some of these new challenges, this is going to give us some incredible advantage.
George Oliver: Yes. I believe that is absolutely a step forward because it’s taken all of the operational technology that we have embedded within our products in edge devices. It’s ultimately then integrating that with IT systems, allowing us with that with our platform to be able to create cloud applications. And so, it’s built off of our core product technologies. And now with the integration of the software into one architecture, allows -- it allows us to be able to create a very dynamic digital platform that we can now create significant outcomes. It takes what I said earlier, very inflexible asset. It makes it very dynamic with the data that we can extract and then ultimately create new services for the customers. And it just happens to be timed when our customers are looking for a lot of new solutions, given the challenges that they’re facing now with the pandemic and the return to work.
George Oliver: Yes. Let me give you some color there. I think throughout Q3, and of course, we’re engaging with customers on a real-time basis, understanding what their demands are and what else we need to do to support some of the new challenges. So, we have a lot of good insight into what is happening. We did see, like I said, the field order pipeline being pushed a bit to the right. We haven’t seen significant cancellations of existing orders. We have seen some of what was in the pipeline get removed from the pipeline now, given the economic conditions. But, even with all of that our pipeline was up 3% on a year-on-year basis. So, we did see steep declines in April and May, we did see material improvement in June. And so, I think that gives us the sense that now what’s in the pipeline is beginning to convert. And then, as I said on the Global Products, we were challenged in April and May, and that we track book and bill there, but we did see on a recovery basis in June, and that’s continuing in July, we’re seeing very good order flow over that period of time. And so, we believe overall Steve that orders should continue to improve sequentially in Q4, supported by the pipeline, which I just discussed. And I think when you look at -- we continue to engage with customers in providing support to COVID-19 challenges. And I believe that based on what we’re seeing here real time that it continues to improve.
George Oliver: I’d just says, it’s hard to predicting. But, what I would say is that every -- all of our customers with -- and I think this is true for all of us, right? As we’re thinking about our own spaces, we’re all -- I think, this goes right up to the CEO level, understanding what is being done within facilities to be able to safely return their employees to work. And so, I think there’s active engagement and understanding what ultimately needs to be done and what the potential solutions can be. So, I think we’re in that early phase with a very, very active engagement and putting forward what we can do and ultimately how we can address the challenges and what needs to happen to not only improve the indoor air quality, but how do you enhance that with our ability to be able to do temperature checking and be able to integrate that with their building systems and do track and trace. And so, I think, it’s in the very early stages, but very active engagement with our customers. And so, I think, at this stage, it’s hard to predict what that ultimately is going to be. But, I would tell you that the activity is significant across all of our customers. And so, we’re already -- I can tell you with this thermal imaging camera for instance, you can attach that to an existing system, you can deploy that not only at the entrance to a site, but then maybe in some common areas within the facilities, so that you could detect very accurately temperatures of occupants. And then, you’d be able to then quickly assess, if there was an elevated temperature, to be able to then isolate that individual. And then, if there were any other people with our track and trace around that individual, then you’d be able to address and isolate the problem. And so, these are being deployed incrementally, as far as parts of solutions. And then, obviously working with customers and looking at more comprehensive solutions that ultimately address the new workplace.
George Oliver: Well, it starts with everything being connected. And so, we’re making sure that all products that we deploy are connected, and then, with that connection, being able to provide services that ultimately address whether it be energy efficiency, whether it be monitoring the equipment operation and maintaining the service of that. So, connectivity is the start of it; and then, the ability to be able to collect data, not only on an individual piece of equipment, but how does that correlate to other systems within the building that enable us with now OpenBlue that we can provide the most enhanced solution or the most value for our customers and how we either drive sustainability, efficiency, health or safety. And that’s the unique advantage that we have now with this connectivity and with this architecture within this platform.
George Oliver: Yes. So, the idea of OpenBlue is we bring our domain and core capabilities to the platform and then it’s open, so that we can integrate other systems within the building where we don’t have that domain, and then bring that together into one platform that allows us to then be able to utilize the data and apply analytics, AI analytics to be able to create the outcomes that we’re committed to achieve. And so, it doesn’t mean that you have to have every one of these domains. Although what I would say, it does build off of our strength of being a leader in building controls, and then having the multiple digital systems that we have today within Security & Fire that comes together into the platform and gives us incredible opportunity to now be able to bring these types of solutions to the market with this connectivity.
George Oliver: Yes. So, we were -- when you look at -- I mean, we go through each of the regions. But in general, I think what’s happened is, certainly with the shutdowns, there was a significant impact in Q3 and very unusual to these typical downturns. And so, what we’re seeing now, with the return to work as facilities are opening, certainly now the demand is coming back as we would expect, in the month of June, and now even more so in July. And so, we’ll see sequential improvement, as we’re going forward in each one of these areas, based on -- I mean, we are concerned in a few areas where we’re going through -- they’re going through kind of a second wave or shutdowns and a couple of regions in Asia Pack and maybe Latin America and the like. But, where the opening up is continuing, we’re seeing similar type demand come back for our services.
George Oliver: Yes. Again, thanks again for joining our call this morning. I want to thank our employees for their extraordinary efforts during this unprecedented time. I am extremely pleased with our continued strong performance. And again, I hope that you and your families remain safe. And I look forward to speaking with many of you soon. So, operator, that concludes our call.
