Steve Roell: John, I was on CNBC this morning, but I don’t think I talked about the outlook at all, so it must have been Bruce.
Steve Roell: John, this is Steve now. I think two other things. I guess looking at lot more is the quarter place all, but I think by the time we get into that April timeframe, but then we’ll know what the second half looks like. It’s just a function where the consumer is going to be. We’re probably hedging our best, too, in terms what kind of pullback there could be in Western Europe. That would be the other thing we don’t know. As these incentives come off, whether governments will come back in and extend. We haven’t improved that, but I think we’re just concerned about how those markets could respond or react in the second half.
Steve Roell: I guess the activity we’re seeing right now would impact it best the late second half of our fiscal year. It has to go from the pipeline to it unsecured to executed work. So, John, I guess I would tell you it’s maybe fourth quarter and probably gives us more confidence relative to what we have going into 2011.
Steve Roell: Yes, I guess presumably I will tell is that often times I refer to the pipeline when referring to the North American market. I guess I would tell you, what we see right now, Chris, is some big work out of the Middle East coming at us and so that’s probably where the top line I would expect to see growth as well. We’ll get some of that in the fourth quarter.
Steve Roell: Well, I think, Chris, couple things. First of all, our anticipation is that we’re going to start to see a little bit of softness in the volumes in Europe. So, we talked about some operational things that are going to get better for us, but we are concerned, I think like everybody else, about what’s sort of going to be the hangover effective of the incentive programs. China performed exceptionally well for us in the quarter, but the sort of comparables get to be a little bit more difficult and the rate of growth there may not be sustainable as we go through the year. As we indicated before, our outlook assumes we sort of trended down here a little bit in Q3 and Q4 in North America.
Steve Roell: Let me tell you what we see there, just to give you a sense. Surprisingly, we saw an increase, a nice double digit increase in new orders and new activity around what we call our scheduled service. So people are running into contracts, where we didn’t see the improvement was what we would call small project work, or people who are calling for service work we call labor and material is basically as you would think about at home, you pick up home, you pick up, you don’t have a contract which you call up contractor to do service work. That’s still soft. People are still deferring part of that and that’s the high margin business for us. So another contributing factor, Rich, to why building efficiencies loss was greater than as earnings, Bruce talked about all those investments we made in IT and in the sales force, but also was the mix. We got a good growth in GWS, which has lower margin than the high margin labor material. So that also was a factor in terms of why, but we’re not seeing an improvement yet. We’re hoping maybe the weather will give us some kicker in January and some of the extreme states, but, we’re still seeing people defer that maintenance. Not canceling maintenance contracts, which is what we saw two years ago, but rather still postponing maintenance.
Steve Roell: Yes, I think they’re slower, probably the slowest of our business in terms of being able to generate the benefit we expected. I think automotive is converting much higher and faster on their restructuring. So we’ll get some benefit, Rich, to your point in the second half, but the key to Europe is going to be volume. There’s nothing we can do in terms of that restructuring. It’s going to compensate for the volume side. So we’ve got forecasts in our European management’s forecasting they are going to see growth in the first quarter. That will be a good bellwether for us.
Steve Roell: Colin, no, we’re not changing. All three are core. We talked about the value diversification in our business and it’s paid off for us. We like the growth characteristics of all three. So no, there’s no intention to change. We’re investing all three.
Steve Roell: Again, as we’ve talked Colin, in the past, we would expect as a general rule of thumb, we’ll get somewhere in the high teens, 20% range on incremental volume, in terms of contribution margin.
Steve Roell: On the M&A side, I guess I would tell you that right now we’re in the midst of our strategy planning updates and as part of that, were because of the condition of our balance sheet, we’ve thus off our look in terms of where we can find new growth platforms, typically as we’ve described in the past, we’re not consolidators. We don’t buy value looking for growth, so primarily looking for technology or geographic reach and we would make M&A investments in all businesses near term. Probably longer term, over a period of time, you would see it more heavily skewed towards building efficiency, but near term, we’re looking at opportunities across our business lines. From the standpoint of divestures, we are, as I indicated earlier, we’re not looking to divest in any business. We still feel that we can do well in the interiors business. We have a specific focus on that with our customers and we think we’ll benefit from that overtime and it will improve.
Steve Roell: I guess, we’re seeing upward trend. Again, if we’ve talked in the past about the fact that we have index posturing with our customers, we have no reason to believe that that will continue.
Steve Roell: Let me comment. Bruce, come in. My sense is just based on the inventory we own in the weather conditions. Order patterns stayed heavy into January. So I think there wasn’t a lot of restocking it. I think we saw that maybe earlier in the quarter, the weather patterns that hit in December. That inventory I think was blown up pretty well. We were concerned right about the fact whether or not we could supply our customers. We had so much demand. So I’m convinced we haven’t gone through any restocking to any extent, but I guess I would tell you that as we do talk to our customers, I think they are going to be reverting back to the more normal stocking levels they’ve had in the past.
Steve Roell: Just to comment, typically in our business, if your work force ends up working over the holiday, that’s when you know that you’ve got demand continues to be sustained during the winter months and we had that situation. We were going full bore at all our plants in the U.S.
Steve Roell: I think Bruce’s answer was absolutely perfect. I think we’re seeing it smooth. Indexing really was commercial settlements around engineering and cost of recovery.
Steve Roell: In addition, to the restructuring that we’re taking on in Europe, the other thing I guess I would point out, Bruce, is that new backlog in business we did win. The margins are some of the best that we’ve had, okay. We’ve indicated that we’re going to launch that at much higher margins. So I feel confident, as Bruce indicated, that Europe will be a major contributor to as we as go forward.
Steve Roell: First of all, we don’t have a strong service base like we do in the U.S. and Europe, so it will be contract work, but we also expect to see the equipment up as well. It won’t be a big increase, Ted, but directionally, it’s up.
Steve Roell: Okay, thanks, Glen. We’ll just a couple wrap-up comments. First of all, in terms of the quarter itself, I think what did they demonstrate is the ability to convert on the higher volumes, and we expect to continue to see that, as the year progresses. As we’ve indicated, we’re benefiting from those vast cost improvement initiatives, those restructuring costs we took last year. We’re cautiously optimistic about our production in North America. I think we spend a great deal of time talking about that. In terms of efficiency, some positives are emerging, but we recognize it’s a late cycle business. 2010 will continue to be difficult. We’ll just have to watch it, but we’re getting more confidence as time goes on. We continue to invest in the growth strategies and that’s important from our standpoint to make sure that we take advantage of the energy opportunities and so that’s where a lot of our investment is going and then balance sheet continues to strengthen and that’s really important. I think what you should take away from the quarter is good top line growth in margin improvement, coupled with strong cash flow. We’re off to a good start in 2010. So thanks for your interest and your support of Johnson Controls. I know Glen will be available today as the day plays out, but again, thank you very much.
Bruce McDonald: I think as we indicated in our comments here this morning, we are, I would say, being a little bit cautious in terms of second half of our fiscal year, particularly as it relates to North American order flow where we’ve been encouraged by the increase in the sharp here, our customers are building inventories this quarter in anticipation of that continuing and we’re just a little bit uncertain. I think if you look at our production assumptions, John that we’ve got for the full year we’re probably 400,000 or 500,000 units below CSM. So CSM is the right in our numbers conservative and I want to look at.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I think it’s very high on a year-over-year basis, John, because of the benefits of the restructuring action. I think what we talked about is, if you stripped out restructuring, which we talked about adding $0.10 to $0.15 on the quarter, primarily in automotive, then our underlying contribution margin on incremental volumes in the 15% to 20% range. That’s the number that’s sustainable.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I mean it’s trending up, as you said, Rich, and we’ve seen that get as high as a little bit north of 2500. In our outlook right here, we’re sort of thinking it’s going to be a couple hundred dollars a ton higher than we talked about. So we’re using 2300 in the fall, I think we have 2100.
Bruce McDonald: It’s tough to get specific data, Brett, but if you look at new vehicle registration in the quarter, they were up 18%. So our sense is production and there’s not a lot of inventory typically in the channels there. So we would say production was somewhere in the 15% to 20% range.
Bruce McDonald: Let me just clarify. It’s distressed supplier. I’ll say expedited freight because of parts shortages, and some launches that we’re struggling with $40 million to $50 million in this quarter. I don’t have the number in front of me, but I’m going to say orders of magnitude, it’s doubled.
Bruce McDonald: Well, I think the bulk of them are launch-related that are specific to us, but the financial distress in Europe and parts shortages I think others may see that. I would say the bulk of the charges are JCI specific and in terms of duration here, we expect to see these wind down over the next two to three quarters.
Bruce McDonald: Two areas are our focus. One is expanding our capacity in China, in power solutions and the second one is accelerating some investment in our lead smelting operations here. That’s the two areas. In terms of the government grant that really flows through our joint venture that we have with soft which isn’t consolidated. So, you don’t really see that on the face of our statements.
Bruce McDonald: This quarter’s typically a heating month, so you tend to sell more furnaces than air conditioners, just given the weather patterns in the US. I think first of all, we continue to invest in our new product pipeline in that business. We have an industry leading range of high efficiency furnaces. That demand was very robust for us, there was some government incentives to encourage people to buy higher efficiency units, and our investments paid off and we drove the volume growth. We’re up 24% in our residential business in the quarter, from the top line perspective.
Bruce McDonald: We aren’t changing our production outlook, Rod, for Europe, but I would tell you the reduction in the margins is really a reflection of the volume. We were forecasting a softer second half. As Steve indicated, we would anticipate a 15% to 20% conversion rate on incremental volumes and I think if the industry and its numbers are consistent with CSM, then I think most of our forecasted margin deterioration will go away.
Bruce McDonald: I think Rod, the margin story is I mean it’s a very highly capital intensive business and when we’re running at levels of capacity utilization that we were here in the first quarter, it falls through the bottom line very nicely.
Bruce McDonald: I would say if you went back in time, you’re quite right. We used to be a lot of customer and commercial settlements flowed through in the fourth quarter. I think that’s much more evenly spread now. It’s not as lumpy as it once was.
Bruce McDonald: First of all, there’s businesses that don’t flow through the backlog. So workplace solutions, our residential business and our service businesses, all of those, when we talk about backlog and pipeline, are excluded. So those businesses, Jim, you asked the residential business, are growing strong double digit. If you look at the time it takes from an order to start to revenue, and what you see within our first quarter. Our December orders are actually up 6% versus last December, the month of. So we’ve got good orders momentum and we’re now starting to see year-over-year growth in orders. Once the order gets booked, it starts to turn into revenue as we execute that job, as Steve said, so based on all of that, our expectation is here that you’ll start to see that revenue growth happen here in the second quarter.
Bruce McDonald: Once we were awarded the order, it goes into the backlog. Let’s say it’s $1 million order, then we will start to revenue that within a month or two. Not the whole million, as we recognize working on a percentage of completion basis, so once we get the order, we do 5% of the work, we’ll book 5% of the revenue and the costs and away we go.
Bruce McDonald: I would say there’s no reason, why it won’t get back to where they were. I mean I guess I would just make a couple comments in Europe. Our expectation was that when we restructured our European business to lower the breakeven rate, we’ve got an awful lot of our backlog, like 80% plus is skewed toward Europe. We were able to take out manufacturing costs. We have a lot of engineering and infrastructure costs to support the launch in top line growth that we expect to see absent the industry turning around. Also restructuring in Europe takes longer and is significantly more expensive. There was no abnormal bubble, I would say in Europe. So we were a bit more cautious in terms of how much costs we took out of that business because we do expect to see it comeback. Ted, our European margins previously were nearly 6% and there’s not a fundamental reason that as the business grows and the market recovers, we expect that business, like our other regions to get in that 6% target.
