George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella, and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. As the effects and impacts of COVID are still fresh in our minds, I hope you and your families are continuing to stay healthy and safe. Before we get started with the prepared remarks, I wanted to take the time to officially welcome Olivier to the team. Olivier is on the call today and will be actively participating in our guidance discussion and in Q&A. Many of you have already had the opportunity to speak with him briefly at a few of our investor conferences in early September. And if not, we look forward to speaking with many of you over the next several weeks. From my perspective, the transition couldn't be going any better. And it's clear to me that Olivier is already having a positive impact on the organization in his first 10 weeks. As we said at the time of his announcement, Olivier will formally assume the role of CFO immediately following the release of our 10-K in just a few days.
George Oliver: Deane, let me just kind of frame up what we're doing on indoor quality, how important it is, and then I'll kind of frame up what we see here within the pipeline. So I would start by saying it's clear that this is front and center with all of our customer engagement. So the education that has been had around air quality and the impact that, that has in mitigating the impact of the virus, that's certainly front and center. Now there's many critical elements to delivering clean air. It includes ventilation, filtration, disinfection and then isolation. And it's also combined with sensors around temperature, humidity, occupancy and ultimately ties to billing controls. And so our clean air strategy has been focused on finding the right balance between air quality as well as energy efficiency. And it's based on science, backed recommendations on clean air delivery rate which is ultimately clean air changes per hour. We're performing a number of assessments at starting points to align our solutions and services to each customer application and ultimately, their clean air delivery rate target. And we're not simply making product recommendations. And there's really no one better position now to be able to help our customers operate healthy safe buildings. It really is built on the combination of our HVAC portfolio with our security and building software platforms that do uniquely enable us to provide more powerful solutions based on specific customer outcomes. Now in addition to that, Deane, we've got over 16,000 service experts around the globe, which is the size and strength of our direct channel footprint, which we believe creates a significant competitive advantage. And so as we look at this today, with all of this activity right from assessments to deploying capabilities, we're looking at a pipeline of a couple of hundred million dollars for 2021. And now longer term, I think the focus on clean air and striking the right balance between proper ventilation, filtration, disinfection and then energy efficiency will ultimately lead to increased service activity, system replacements and other emerging solutions. So as we look out over a few years, we think clean air, the market itself is multibillions of dollars in incremental market. And then with that, not only with our strong position, but we've been expanding our partnerships to be able to accelerate our penetration in our go-to-market. And that's with universities, that's partnering with technology companies that have additional capabilities that we can combine with ours that ultimately drive the highest disinfection solution. And then that combined with our attractive channel, we believe that we have a unique channel where we can get partners and ultimately bring the best solution to the market.
George Oliver: Yes. Let me start, Jeff, by talking about the strength of our OpenBlue platform. And so for everyone on the call, it is a complete suite of connected solution that enables the delivery of more impactful sustainability, new occupant experiences and enhance safety and security that does combine with our long-standing expertise and buildings with cutting-edge technology. And it does enable us, along with our customers and partners, to fundamentally transform how spaces and places are experienced and that are ultimately safe and protected. So what it does is it combines everything that we do in a building and through leveraging connectivity and data, allows us to be able to create new outcomes. And we truly do believe that this differentiates what we do through our direct channel footprint with the significant installed base of equipment and service that we have today that we can actually amplify this now with digital solutions. So let me talk a little bit about the progress we've made. In the last 90 days, as I said in my prepared remarks, we've had significant engagement, customer engagement right from the start. And we've kept the momentum going with the release of several new solutions, including OpenBlue Workplace, new tiered flexible service offerings under OpenBlue, OpenBlue Enterprise. And there's many, many more coming over the next several months, including five that are planned in the first quarter. Now let me move to customers. When you look at the customer wins, we're very excited. I mean, the one example I talked about was one of the largest real estate developers in Asia, who is the leader in facility management. They ultimately selected our OpenBlue enterprise manager solution, which is a software solution that helps customers manage large portfolios of properties. They've now deployed that across 42 of their buildings in Singapore. So we're embedding OpenBlue in everything we do and the enhancements we're making to our go-to-market strategy. We have already built -- when you look at the pipeline that now OpenBlue is connected to. So our multiyear pipeline is well over $1 billion of opportunity when you take what OpenBlue does not only as a stand-alone, but how that combines with our core capabilities in how we go to market. And then like I said, we've supported that with partnerships with Microsoft, Accenture, Cisco and Intel. And when you look at these partnerships, they're integral, I would say, on many levels to ultimately deliver a complete outcome-based solution that our customers are asking for. And we believe that we have a lot to offer as a partner.
George Oliver: Yes. Let me go back, Nigel, to the pipeline. That pipeline is when we do, as we're doing installs and now taking our digital capabilities with OpenBlue and combining that with our core capabilities and ultimately then deploying that as a solution. So that isn't just service, that is ultimately creating a much bigger installed base with our digital capabilities that will then spin-off services from that. And so that's when what I talked about there with the digital blue pipeline. As far as the services, what we get with OpenBlue, it allows us to be able to not only differentiate the core of what we do with our services, making everything connected, utilizing data to optimize our delivery of service and then adding new services on top of that. And that's what OpenBlue allows us to do. It enhances our ability to be able to immediately attach service contracts. And we're starting to see a nice pickup in our contractual services, and that will continue to improve as we go forward. And then from a revenue per customer standpoint, it ultimately allows us to now build, on top of that base of service, new capabilities and be able to deliver enhanced value, which ultimately then we get paid for. And so it's really a combination of not only expanding our installed base with OpenBlue, but then being able to mine that installed base with additional services on a recurring basis.
George Oliver: Yes. The funnel, I mean, when we look at our pipeline, what we've done, Nigel, is take everything that we do with how we go to market. OpenBlue now becomes part of what we offer and how we differentiate not only the solutions that we go to market with and install, but also the capabilities that we deploy to be able to attach service and then perform the service over the life cycle of that installation.
George Oliver: Yes, Steve, let me just start by talking about commercial HVAC and the importance of not only the equipment but also the digital capabilities. When we look at these markets, they're very attractive with long-term secular drivers that ultimately align with our core capabilities in both equipment as well as digital and the secular trends of energy efficiency and sustainability, enabling us to be able to now mine a much larger installed base with the connectivity with our digital offerings. And then the ability now, as we discussed previously with Nigel, which opens up an opportunity for us to be able to build on additional services; and then ultimately, capitalizing on the emerging trend with indoor air quality and healthy buildings. So all of these trends, the ability to be able to take a holistic solution with our equipment plus our digital platforms, which, from a building system standpoint, it is Metasys and then being able to connect every other device and every other system within a building, is what uniquely positions us to be able to bring the most -- the best solution, the most efficient solution and ultimately delivering on the customers' priorities. And when I look at what we do, we're very well positioned with that combination of not only leadership products that we've been reinvesting in, but also now industry-leading controls, embedded software with also our digital offerings and building automation software that all complement the core. So although we push intelligence to the edge, the ability to be able to take that intelligence within one platform and to be able to create new outcomes is a competitive advantage. And we're going to continue to not only differentiate what we install, but also how we go about capitalizing on the service opportunity, which is what contributes to being able to accelerate our service growth on a go-forward basis.
George Oliver: Yes. So when we talk about indoor air quality as part of as the market, and so you've seen numbers from Navigant where there's like 1.7 trillion of square footage and about a quarter of that is ultimately non-resi space. And then within that, today's level of air purification is well below what would be now in this environment, perceived as being acceptable. And so, as I talked about, there is a key element of being able to provide the right solution. It does include multiple domains or multiple capabilities, whether it be maintaining or maximizing the ventilation, bringing the highest level of filtration. So it might be today, MERV 8 and moving towards MERV 13. It includes deploying potential disinfection technologies, and then like in health care, it's isolation. And so what we do is be able to not only provide the best solution that ultimately delivers what we call the clean air delivery rate, which is clean air changes per hour with a level of purification, but also making sure that we're doing that and optimizing the energy required to ultimately perform and deliver on that outcome. And so, we are working feverishly here, not only in how we deploy these multiple capabilities, but how we optimize those with our building controls and ultimately bring in the best solution at the least amount of energy required. We believe that there's optimization that can be had, where you can get to a much higher standard while you're still delivering on the sustainability goals of our customers. And that's what we're ultimately focused on doing with the technology elements that we have underway.
George Oliver: Yes. I mean, absolutely, we're going to be very disciplined. But certainly, as we look at our capabilities and as we look to enhance some of our positions in technology and as we build out open blue, there's certainly going to be opportunities that we're going to pursue and have been pursuing. We've done some in the past year. We've done some bolt-ons. We completed the acquisition of Qolsys, which has helped us from an interactive standpoint technology capability that we're now leveraging more broadly. So yes, that's going to be -- as we think about growth, it's part of our capital deployment.
George Oliver: Yes. So Scott, when you think about our installed business today, it is an applied business where we apply engineering. We configure solutions. We deploy those solutions with install. And then ultimately, we look to attach and get the life cycle service. And so today, in many ways, we do incur a lot of engineering upfront before we ultimately get a contract, and then we take the contract and pursue -- continue to pursue that. What OpenBlue does for us, it really changes the level of engagement with our customers, where now with OpenBlue, we can significantly change the outcomes that we can produce with the installations or solutions that we propose And then with that, that is incremental to what we historically would have done and certainly get paid for that upfront with the ability now to be able to attach recurring revenue onto that service on a go-forward basis. And so that's why when I say when we look at our pipeline of projects and we begin to deploy OpenBlue with those projects, it truly does differentiate how we can go-to-market and ultimately create outcomes that historically we haven't been able to achieve.
George Oliver: Yes. Just to wrap up here, I want to thank everyone again for joining us this morning. I'm incredibly proud of how our teams responded in the time of the global pandemic and the progress that we've made as an organization, and I'm extremely pleased with our continued strong performance and very excited about the future opportunities, which we discussed today. I hope that you and your families remain safe, and I look forward to speaking with many of you soon. So operator, that concludes our call.
Olivier Leonetti: Thank you, George, and good morning, everyone. I'm pleased to be with you on the call today, and I'm thrilled to be part of the Johnson Controls team. I've been in the office for about 10 weeks now and have fully immersed myself in learning the business and with the help of Brian and the finance team, understanding the strength and opportunities we have in front of us as an organization. I cannot thank Brian enough for his guidance and alliance through this transition. I thought I might quickly share with you my initial impressions and perspective, before I get into our forward outlook. I've been asked by some of you, why I was drawn to this role at Johnson Controls? And I would tell you, there were a number of reasons. From a personnel standpoint, how we do things is incredibly important to me. I wanted to be part of an organization with culture, diversity and inclusion matters. We are focused on the environment matters where developing people and meritocracy matters. I'm impressed by what the team has achieved over the last two years, its strategic vision and the operational discipline that has been established. I also recognize there is still work to be done, particularly around optimizing the cost structure of our business model. I am very positive about the growth opportunities of the end markets we serve, smart, safe, healthy buildings and by our vision around services, digital and product innovation. Finally, I'm excited about the ability we have to drive above-market growth with best-in-class margins. That seems like a natural point to transition to our outlook, starting on Slide 17. I mentioned my optimism about our served markets, and I think this depiction of our business mix shows a very balanced revenue profile, roughly split one-third each for products, install and service. We have one of the largest installed bases of buildings globally with an unmatched direct channel footprint, both of which we can leverage to generate very attractive service opportunities. As George mentioned, service, powered by OpenBlue, is expected to be an attractive vector of profitable growth for the Company. Looking at our installation portfolio, we are roughly evenly split between new construction and renovation retrofit, although many parts of this business remain challenged by the effects of the ongoing pandemic, our portfolio of LC building solutions and retrofit activity can moderate the weakness in new build. Product revenue at 35% represents those products sold through our indirect channels and will not include products and equipment installed through our direct channel. This is our short-cycle business that is typically booked and shipped. Turning to Slide 18. This slide provides our end-market exposure as well as a few economic indicators on the fiscal year basis we utilize as an input to our planning process. Construction outlook is a barometer for the new construction portion of our installation business in North America, which is about 15% of our total sales. GDP tends to be the barometer for service market growth. As the market forecast indicate, the global macro environment remains uncertain. However, given the attractiveness of our portfolio and the elements of our go-forward growth strategy George discussed, we feel very confident that we are positioned to outgrow our end markets. Now let's turn to Slide 19 with our views of fiscal '21 and our Q1 guidance. Current forecast for market recovery suggests a stronger second half of the year. We will continue to manage costs over the course of the year, keeping tight controls on the amount and timing of temporary cost reversals as volumes continue to normalize. We also have the carryover benefits from the permanent cost actions we took in the back half, which will partially offset the return of temporary cost. This, along with our focus on higher-margin revenue growth, is expected to result in ongoing EBIT margin expansion. Regardless of the presidential election outcome, we are very confident in our ability to maintain a 13.5% tax rate in fiscal '21. Free cash flow on a reported basis will approximate 95% for the full year and should follow a fairly normal cadence, with the majority of our cash being generated in the back half, in line with our traditional cash flow seasonality. With the majority of the large cash adjustments now being behind us, we are transitioning to an unadjusted cash flow metric. As part of our disciplined capital allocation, we expect to deploy the remaining $1 billion of proceeds from the Power Solutions sale to share repurchases. Now for our Q1 guidance, we expect to start the year off with organic sales decline in the range of 5% to 7%. The continued focus on the cost side will allow us to expand our EBIT margin 20 to 40 basis points and EPS should be in the range of $0.39 to $0.41. Overall, continued strong performance in a challenging environment. With that, operator, we can open the line for questions.
Olivier Leonetti: So let me give you a bit of colors before to answer specifically to your question. We have, as you sense from the call, very confident about the position of the Company, and we believe we're going to be able to navigate this uncertain environment as we did last year. Now as you alluded to, at this point in time, there was a lot of uncertainty regarding what is happening in the pandemic. We have had, particularly over the last few weeks, additional lockdown and restrictions in Europe, and we have a second wave in U.S. So in this context, we believe we have a solid plan. We have momentum building, and we'll be agile. As you said, we have stress-tested our plan and we believe that despite the uncertain environment, we're going to be able to deliver a very good EBIT margin expansion and a strong cash flow performance. Now let me answer to your question specifically. Based upon the current market trajectory and all of that is still a bit known where that would go, we were looking at organic revenue growth in the low to mid-single digits range. Our sales force today is targeting growth part of the market, focusing on indoor quality and LC buildings and in verticals such as data centers, warehouse and institutions. And as George indicated, we're investing heavily in new product launches. Now if you look at your EPS range today, we believe it's not an unrealistic expectation.
Olivier Leonetti: So Jeff, before answer to the specific of your questions, we have said that in the past, but we want to repeat it because it's very important. We believe we have the opportunity to improve the return on sales of our business going forward. And we believe we have opportunities in both growth margin and OpEx management. And if you look at the prepared remarks from Brian, improving the margin rate by about one full point year-on-year last year despite the environment was remarkable. So that says a lot about the execution discipline of the Company. And we believe we have said that, and we have done some modeling lately. We believe that the 30% incremental is an achievable and required goal for the Company. Now to answer specifically to your question, the net $40 million that Brian mentioned before is still valid. We would expect those costs to come back mainly in the second half of the year. So we believe that it's the best way to plan for those costs. However, we're still looking at levers to mitigate those costs to come back in the second half, but it's too early for us to commit, Jeff, at this stage.
Olivier Leonetti: So at the moment, for the first half of the year, we have a net benefit to the P&L when you look, Nigel, at the permanent and temporary cost coming back. And the headwind will come in the second half and more in the Q3 fiscal quarter, Nigel.
Olivier Leonetti: So Nicole, we are seeing today, you're right, a gradual improvement in our business environment, both for our field business and our global product segment. So, if you look at our order book, and I'm not talking about revenue for now, we'll give you the specificities in a second. And order book is more representative of the current velocity of the business, we see Q1 as being an improvement over Q4. So if you look at our field business specifically, we saw -- we are seeing in Q1 orders velocity for our field business being sequentially better by one or two points relative to Q4. And what you see is you have our in-store business, which is book now, but the orders were recorded about two quarters ago, give or take. So you see this in-store business because of this lag in the quarter, being still down. And you see, as George mentioned, an acceleration of our service business, which is largely offsetting what is happening in installed. So that's for our field business. If you look at our Global Products, again, we see today that we are gaining shares in the product we sell. And we're experiencing because of our product portfolio, the impact of the delay in commercial HVAC and Fire & Security businesses. And as we move into Q1, we see today a slightly larger revenue decline relative to Q4. And what is happening, and you saw that in our opening remarks, Nicole, Q4 was very strong, and largely -- not largely, but in part due to the demand we satisfied in Q4 due to the depressed Q3 we had. So, if you look at this 2-year stack, Q1 financial year '21 will be similar to Q4. So overall, an environment from a revenue standpoint, which is comparable to Q4, and we believe it's a prudent approach, despite an improvement in the level of order velocity. But as you saw in our guide, we believe we're going to be able, nevertheless, to protect the bottom line due to our cautious cost mitigation activities.
Olivier Leonetti: We believe that without going into too much details, we will still some negative impact on our Global Products business for two reasons: one, exception of fixed costs and to product mix and our field business is keeping its momentum from a margin improvement standpoint.
