R. McDonald: Well, Brian, this year, if you sort of go through the numbers, those acquisitions are going to be dilutive to our margins in 2011. They'll probably come in at, say, 2.5% to 3% prior to the integration and acquisition costs that I referred to. Next year, those acquisitions will start to be accretive to our margins there. But the drivers for getting our European margins up to the level we just talked about are really unchanged from last quarter. As I indicated in my comments, we are still experiencing some launch difficulties, some supply shortages and distressed supplier costs. So we need to -- those need to drop away. And we're pretty confident, in terms of the run rate, that that's going to happen by the end of this year. But secondly and more importantly is really getting the European industry volumes back to the levels that they were prior to the downturn. I mean, we've talked in the call before about the fact that we structured our business down as much as we did in North America because we felt that there was really no fundamental reason why the market wasn't going to recover the level that it was before. So we just need some of that tailwind behind us.
R. McDonald: Yes, let me add to that. With some of the quality issues that have occurred in the industry, there is, for sure, a heightened expectation and demand in terms of quality performance. And so that is an area that we've brought in some external talent and is an area that we are bulking up.
R. McDonald: No, I didn't say that. The engineering costs are really just timing-related. They tend to be lumpy by quarter. What I was referring to there was some of the launch difficulties, the distressed supplier costs, the supply shortages that we're having. Those costs, we expect to trend down as the year goes on here.
R. McDonald: Yes, well, the acquisitions are dilutive in this year. So if you think about the -- let's say we had not have had the acquisitions. We probably would have upwardly revised our margins in auto by 10 or 20 basis points. So the acquisitions sort of just dilute that.
R. McDonald: Yes, Pat, it's Bruce here. I would say, almost without exception, we always have a working capital build in Q1. Last year was very abnormal. And let me just give you some of the underlying factors. First of all, last year, we were coming off a, obviously, a very poor year, year-over-year. Our bonus plan, which are based on year-over-year profit improvement, paid out zero last year. And I'm talking about 2010. 2009 payment that would have been made in the first quarter of 2010, it paid out zero this year. If you look at our overall incentive compensation across the company, probably a couple of $100 million. So that's half of the delta, and that always happens. Secondly is our battery business, we always build inventory in the first quarter to support the seasonality in demand. And last year, we didn't have to do that because we had excess battery capacity. So that's a very normal pattern. So those are really the two factors. Our working capital performance is very much in line with our internal plans. It just looks funny versus last year because that was so abnormal.
R. McDonald: Well, I think at this point in time, our orders are trending better than our expectations. And I'd say just because Building Efficiency is sort of 2/3 of our profitability is in the second half of the year, I think we just want to wait another quarter before we decide, before we kind of make a call on how the year's going to play out there.
R. McDonald: Well, like I said kind of earlier, about 2/3 of our profitability's in the second half. But we always see it down. So this is our weakest quarter, particularly on the service side. I guess I haven't really looked at is there anything abnormal, like Q4 to Q1 this year versus the past. Maybe we can follow up with that one with you, David.
R. McDonald: Yes, in your first question about the margins, yes, these will be accretive to our margins longer-term. And I think once we've had a chance to integrate these businesses and firm up some of our initial thoughts here, we can talk -- I think we'll be in a position to talk about that in a lot more detail.  Probably in time when we have our analyst meeting next fall. With regard to the footprint, the manufacturing footprint, it's true the businesses are European-based, but they do have a pretty good low-cost footprint each of them. So the technical resources are primarily in Germany, but from a manufacturing point of view. And metals tend to be -- obviously, there's a lot of transportation penalties. So you can't push it way into the East. But I would just say our view of the footprint of both of these businesses is that it's very good. And we don't see a -- our expectation is there's not a lot of refootprinting that we would want to do with these businesses.
R. McDonald: Because the demand is ramping up faster than our manufacturing capacity. And it's likely we have some of that even into 2012.
R. McDonald: I think, though, one thing, Steve, is we have struggled to ramp up our capacity. And so our customers typically stock up inventory. And I think if you were to look at the cost of the inventory of the channels, that we're probably lower than normal.  So that's why I think we'll probably see less of a drop off.
R. McDonald: No, it's not, Colin. There's nothing like you referred to. I think the issue, and I think maybe Steve touched on earlier, is just the GWS growth was particularly strong. I think if you probably stripped out that 20% -- I think we said GWS was up 21%. If you strip that out, probably not as stark as your comment.
R. McDonald: It's normal seasonality. Our Q1 volumes, because we're building up. Our manufacturing's running sort of flat out trying to build up stock here, it's our best quarter, usually.
R. McDonald: Yes, China is -- in Power Solutions, our China business is 100% consolidated, 100% owned, so it's fully consolidated. And roughly speaking, it's about $400 million today.
R. McDonald: Okay, I think we're going to have to wrap up from a timing standpoint. Again, thank you all for attending and your interest. It was a good quarter for us. I think in terms of the momentum we have in our business, we're confident about the remainder of the year. And I look forward to talking to you, either in person or on the conference call next quarter. Thank you very much.
Stephen Roell: Clearly, Brian, we know that there's opportunities to improve our operations also. We have to acknowledge that, that both from a quality standpoint and operations, we can do a better job in here, and that's going to be a key. Longer term, as we think about those margins and maybe the profitability of the European acquisitions, we've been consistent in how we describe our criteria for looking at acquisitions. And I would tell you that the two, or the three, if you want to look at Michel Thierry, all three of those will be achieving their return on capital investment, the targets we've set, in that third or fourth year. So maybe as you start to model longer out, I would start just thinking in that context.
Stephen Roell: I think we got a real good team there. I'll start with that, okay? We have made some changes, but the changes were really more along having a dedicated structure that managed components. So what we did do is we now have our component business, metal, trim and foam, we have that as a separate business, separate global business unit. But I think we have a good team. We have to bulk up the team, and I don't think it's a matter of changing the team. I think we're trying to add some additional middle management, and I think we're getting some good middle management in the acquisitions. That's the other thing, I guess, I would describe to you.
Stephen Roell: There are some, but they're minor in contrast. And I would tell you that both these businesses came with good backlogs.
Stephen Roell: Tim, I think the way that you start the battery plant's a little bit different. I think, I would tell you yesterday they hit the run rate that they need to. But -- in terms of the amount of smelting they did.  But it's a consistency level of that. So I would say it ramps up, but there's points in time where you actually hit the run rate that we're looking for down the road, and we come off. So it's just a function of how we stabilize the production over time.
Stephen Roell: Yes, we haven't updated that. Tim, I would just tell you that as the price goes up, we're very happy we've made those decisions to invest and build those two smelters. We have not gone back and quantified revised guidance to what that delta would be based on that change.
Stephen Roell: Yes, I think the sad combination with what we think will come out of this year in terms of backlog, David, but that's really what we're trying to gauge. But I think we're pleased. I think -- this is still a market which hasn't fully recovered yet. We're outperforming it. If you look at the AIA data yesterday, it was mixed. It's trending up, but it wasn't in the institutional base. So we continue to gain share in it. I believe we can by adding the sales force that we have. But I think we just want to see a little more of the order demand here the next three to six months and then we'll have a better feel.
Stephen Roell: The only thing I can think of David, something that Bruce has, is the GWS sales growth, okay, was probably, the 21% was a strong number for us versus historical norms. But I think the key, and I know some people are looking at the first half versus second half, as Bruce mentioned, the service is a major element. As we start doing all of our truck-based service and our other work, a lot of that is scheduled, and it's done in the April through summer timeframe. So that really is what helps us tremendously. Plus, it's just how much work we do on contracts, given the weather. That just picks up in that timeframe. So that's just historically what's there. The key to BE, though, I'm going to tell you, is while we'll see recovery in North America, the key is the strength we're seeing in those emerging markets. Bruce talked about the Middle East and, certainly, Asia. Those are the two that are really helping us and are expected to, if you look at Global Insight.
Stephen Roell: Yes, I think, historically, and I'll stay by this, I've always said that our -- over the mid to long term, we expect about 80% of our M&A activity to be in the BE business unit. We knew these opportunities exist in Automotive. It's going to take us, in the organization, some time here to really focus on the integration of those acquisitions. So I would tell you that, in terms of Automotive, I wouldn't expect any more activity than what you've seen this year. Longer term, and we're struggling, to be honest with you, regarding identifying large acquisitions. We've made several approaches. We've had assets which are not available. And so, as I indicated in some recent conferences, I don't believe you're going to see a mega transaction from us in the Building Efficiency side. It will likely be smaller transactions, maybe even up into the $300 million, $400 million range. But that's what I would expect over the midterm.
Stephen Roell: No, we really don't. I think the only thing I would tell you, maybe not so much as to last year, but if you look back to two, three years ago, it's a much different climate. I would say there's a lot more cooperative effort, a lot more focus on pricing related to cost reduction efforts. But I just talked to our people this morning regarding what they see in Europe, in particular, and we would tell you the pricing pressure is very similar, but the cooperative level and the nature of it, it's not as contentious, and it's certainly much more of a cooperative aspect.
Stephen Roell: Really, it's been Automotive. I don't think they've done a whole lot on the energy side. I think the escal [ph] market's a very immature one. I mean, right now, we're building out our capabilities in China. The market right now isn't really established for an escal [ph] market right now, Colin.
Stephen Roell: Some of the targets we have would be in that area. But again, they're a small company. And we think it would be by just the nature of it.
Stephen Roell: Okay, I guess let me talk about China. China, because of the nature of the market, is very much of a new construction market, okay, with systems and chillers being the large proportion of our volume. The culture, and it'll morph more and more over time into a service business, and we're planning for that. But right now, the preponderance of what we do in China is exactly that. If you go to Japan, it's sort of counter, okay? Think about a very mature market. There our retrofit and service capabilities are critical to us. So we talk about the retrofit market being the primary driver of Japan. That's how we contrast those two markets.
Stephen Roell: Well, Korea's a good blend. We've got a nice footprint there. And I guess I would say that Korea is probably a good blend of two of those. There's still construction activity, retrofit, and we do have a service capability there. So it's probably in the middle.
Stephen Roell: I think what -- to be honest with you, what's catching us, though, is the demand in the U.S. is stronger than what we thought. So it's making that equation a little more complex. And that's why, as Bruce mentioned, we're putting some more form and fill [ph] capacity into the U.S. this year, because our ability to ship from here is getting tight.
Stephen Roell: Yes, the only reason I'm hedging on that is demand was so strong in the quarter just ended, and that's making me think. Certainly, our demand is going to be stronger than last year, but there's going to be a drop-off. It just doesn't maintain it, but I think...
Stephen Roell: So when we talk about the fact that our second plant's going to have 8 million and the one in the West is going to have 6 million, that'll give you -- that's all new capacity, give you an idea of the growth.
Stephen Roell: I think you're being a little aggressive on the time frame, Brett. I'm not suggesting that -- I don't we believe our forecast -- that we'll see Europe return to that level by that timeframe. It will be later than that. We probably have those kind of projections out in the 2015 timeframe. And that will be a more realistic goal, I think, at that point.
