Glen Ponczak: Thanks, Ashley and welcome everybody to the call to review Johnson Controls’ third quarter fiscal 2015 earnings. If you have not received the slide presentation, you can access it at johnsoncontrols.com. Click on the Investor link at the top of the page and then scroll down to the Events calendar section. This morning Chairman and CEO, Alex Molinaroli will provide some perspective on the quarter and review some of the details on this morning’s announcement regarding the planned spin-off of our Automotive Experience business. He will be followed by Executive Vice President and Vice Chairman, Bruce McDonald, who will review of the business unit results and then Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief will review the company’s overall financial performance. Following those prepared remarks, we’ll open the call for questions and we are scheduled to end at the top of the hour. Before we begin, I’d like to refer you to our full forward-looking statements disclosure and the news release. You can also find it in the slide deck and remind you that today’s comments will include forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Those factors include potential impacts of the planned separation of the Automotive Experience business and business operations, assets or results. Required regulatory approvals that are material conditions for proposed transactions to close, the strength of U.S. or other economies, automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, availability of raw materials and component products, currency exchange rates and cancellation or changes to commercial contracts, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part I of Johnson Controls’ most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2014. Johnson Controls disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this presentation. And with that, I will turn it over to Alex.
Glen Ponczak: We do have, it’s Glen here, on aftermarket in China, it’s somewhere between 45 million and 50 million units today going to somewhere around 80 million by the end of the decade, Brian. And we think our share goes by 40% of our business being aftermarket to like 60% of our business being aftermarket only at the same timeframe.
Glen Ponczak: Great. Thanks, everybody. Kathy and I are available for the balance of the day with any follow-ups that you have got. Thanks very much.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, that’s a great question. So, actually it was not too tough a decision. If you think about the size of that business and the natural buyers of that business, we have the opportunity to spin the last bit speaking to those potential buyers and understanding what the real opportunity is. And it came very clear to us that we needed to make sure that we focused on the spin. And just like I said in my comments, it’s possible you could still sell, but we need to provide the same amount of work in order to make the spin decision. And I think our customers also needed to have some certainty about what it is that we were going to do, particularly our Chinese customers, because as you know we have many partnerships in China and uncertainty is just not a good thing. So, I think for us and our employees and for our customers and our partners in China, it made sense for us to make this decision. And quite frankly because of the resources that we have on our GWS transaction, our JV with Yanfeng, we have the resources right now to transfer on to this project right now and so it just made sense.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. So, I will need to look at the numbers on service. Without having – without getting to some of the specifics, it could be some of our services. We went through a process with GWS as we went through the disposition to decide what part of our service business belong with GWS and what part of it with building efficiency as there is nothing underlying this exchange. So, we will follow up on that, but my guess is it has something to do with how we parsed out what meant the GWS and what stayed with the buildings business. But I will validate that. Nothing – just rest assured, nothing has really radically happened differently around our service business. And in fact what I would tell you is our service business particularly is driven by North America. The margins are up. Our renewal rates are up. And so I don’t think we have any deterioration of that business. I think as it relates to the overall margins of the business and I think you are talking about a year-on-year basis, Brian went through some of the specifics, but one of the things and I did signal this last quarter is that we were going to be staffing up in advance of the growth of the market. And then quite frankly, I will be honest with you not that I would like to see the margins under pressure, but we are having a hard time hiring at the pace that we need to hire in order to capitalize on the opportunities for next year. So, I do expect that we will be hiring in anticipation of the market, because you remember, our business which might be different than some of our competitors, most of our sales go through brands or company-owned operations, so that SG&A cost hits us immediately.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, we are bringing more information to you about that. This is Alex. I am sure you are referring to what was in the press release. As we go through separation process, it’s going to be clear that we need to take the opportunity in advantage of not only setting up a new automotive company with the proper operating systems and cost structure, but we need to do the same thing for remaining Johnson Controls. And so that’s what you are referring to. We don’t have anymore information on that, but you can expect to hear more.
Alex Molinaroli: There will be a dividend back to JCI. We are still working through what the proper leverage is, but you can expect that we will make sure that the automotive business is in a position to compete. So, it would be similar to its peers.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, I think the difference is going to be as we move forward and we pick up the joint ventures income on an equity basis, you end up where you pick that up on an after-tax basis. So, there is going to be essentially a flip between segment income and our tax rate as it relates to how we look at the Interiors joint venture income.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. So, I think that as I said we have some variable cost, because of the sales staffing and it’s going to be in advance. I think without being able to put numbers on that, I don’t have a calculator in front of me, but what I would say is over the next [Technical Difficulty] is going to be a little bit of a catch-up, so make sure they catch up to the marketplace. And then we should see, because remember we are selling and then our backlog is about a 6 month – it’s about a 6-month backlog before we usually start to see the income from that. So that’s when you will start to see the leverage and we won’t be seeing the sales – the sales headcount as just a cost, we will be seeing that as. We will start seeing the earnings from that. I don’t know that I have that exact leverage in front of you but you can expect some margin expansion. Today we are seeing the margin expansion based on the back of our cost profile. We should start seeing some margin expansion based off of our top line.
Alex Molinaroli: So the way that I would think about it is, look at hopefully continuing adding sales resources, but it’s going to take us a couple of quarters to take advantage of the backlog we just put in place. And two quarters the backlog that you just see, the 5% up backlog, is when we will start to see that flow through. And that’s when we will see that at least the effect of the initial hiring behind us and we should see it more of an ongoing hiring as revenues continue to grow. So I think we have got a couple of quarters before we see the real benefit of the sales people that were put in place today. We should see in the backlog but we won’t see in the income statement.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, two quarters out from now then we should be able to attribute our margin improvement not just from our operating efficiencies but also because of the fact we will have some volumes, right.
Alex Molinaroli: I think what we see talking to our customers, remember we are talking about passenger vehicles, is that we see the market is going to be growing out about a 6% clip. And we continue to see that and remember for us because we have got some of the right customer some of the right program and we are gaining share in metals, we should be able to continue to outpace that.
Alex Molinaroli: So, I think the $1.5 billion is still our target for the year in order to get to that target we are going to have to generate free cash flow in the fourth quarter of roughly about $1.4 billion. We have got plans to do that I would say there are some opportunities that we still have in the trade working capital area and also be benefited by the dividend that I mentioned earlier that did not come in Q3 but will come in Q4. So we are going to be pretty close to that $1.5 billion number I wouldn’t expect any significant movement either up or down from that number.
Alex Molinaroli: I don’t know that I would call it episodic, but the fact that we are able to see it across our equipment business and our controls business and our service business I think it has a lot to do with some of the operating models and the changes that we are making as it relates to how we are going to market in some of the cities that are Tier 2 while we have been focused in Tier 1 cities. I don’t know that our backlog is much different in the rest of the world than it does in North America. And the reason is because we are selling the same products. I am hopeful and I believe that, that will change over time. It will be a lot more rapid as you bring on Hitachi product line since you remember that’s a different product and a light commercial product line, and that market is actually going quicker. So I don’t know that I will be able to be a whole lot of color except that about the market as much as this is more about us and I think how aggressive we have been in the marketplace to gain share. I don’t know that it’s about the marketplace I think it’s more about us. And I would expect as soon as we are able to bring Hitachi on board to be able to see the benefits of being able to participate in the VRF market, which we see is growing almost 10%.
Alex Molinaroli: Absolutely. I think we are in the early stages, as it relates to the opportunity particularly as we get more products because as you move further and further away from Tier 1 cities, you need a broader set of products particularly at the light commercial and we really just haven’t had that full complement of products. So I think we are going to have even more impetus around that. We have got a long way to go.
Alex Molinaroli: I just think – this is Alex. I think by its nature the fact that it’s happening in the institutional market is usually a much more of a structural than some of the commercial markets. So I think when we are seeing the institutional and government money being spent, I mean, I think the thing to keep our eye on is health care because it has grown some and I would say if there is anything that would be less certain and less predictable is what’s going to happen in the health care market. But if you look at the local government, schools, state government, those seem to be pretty strong in the pipeline strong. So I think that we are in a good cycle for those markets. For health care, I would never consider a victory yet because I think that market is still under a bunch of change, but we are seeing improvement but I don’t know that if I would consider it a victory.
Alex Molinaroli: That’s a good question. I think we have – just to be completely honest, I think that we have been caught off guard with how fast the AGM market has grown in the last couple of quarters. As you can tell as we talk about the orders that we have received in China, the growth that we are now seeing in North America we had been expecting at some point, but it’s really come very quickly. So, I don’t know that we have those exact numbers. It’s something that we need to pull together, but you could probably tell by the way that in reacting we are adding capacity at a rate that we didn’t actually expect even a year ago. So, good question. I think we probably owe everyone some follow-up, but the bottom line is really good news for our business, because our position in the AGM market is significant.
Alex Molinaroli: It hasn’t changed. Yes, same, so still 3x the profit dollars I believe is what we have talked about it.
Alex Molinaroli: On the – so, I don’t think we are ready to talk about the capital structure. But what I would tell you is that we will – regardless of what the dividend side is we will be in a very good position to make – to need to make those choices around capital structure, but what we do is with a very, very strong balance sheet.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. So, I will just be 100% honest. When I saw those numbers, that can’t be just – that has to be some unique success that we have had with the quarter, certainly not the marketplace. So, I don’t want to make something up to know why those numbers are as high as they are, but I think it’s just representation as why we wanted to bring it is that we are seeing it across all of our product lines. I don’t know they have a lot more information on that exactly why it’s so much different than our equipment business.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. So, I will turn this over to Brian in a second, but from a strategic standpoint, I think that when we start embarked on this, hopefully we demonstrated that we are going to make what’s the right choice not only for where we are at the moment, but also strategically. And it’s probably going to have a lot to do with where we are with some of our opportunities for investment, but we do recognize that we will have an opportunity to maybe change the pace at which we do some of the buybacks if we choose to.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. I just want to once again thank our employees for not only the incredible performance that they have provided, but all the support that they are giving us is as we move forward with this transformation to accomplish an awful lot, we have got more to do. And I think our employees are not only are they actually making this happen, but I think they are very proud of what they have been able to accomplish and they should be. Thank you.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. As we have gone through this process, I think one of the things that sort of become apparent from a valuation perspective is we are not doing a good job giving the analyst community a lot of color around our Chinese joint ventures. And from a valuation perspective, we are probably not getting the full valuation there, but I can tell you that I would think for – I am not so sure we can pull together from the next quarter, but definitely by the time we put together our analyst presentation here in the December timeframe, we will provide a lot more clarity there. They are accretive to overall automotive and otherwise the business, the joint ventures of higher margins, not in our base business. But generally speaking, if joint ventures have any debt, it’s nominal, but net-net there is a significant cash balance in the JV. It’s probably in the $700 million to $1 billion range.
Bruce McDonald: So, I think as it relates to the Johnson Controls Operating System, I think in the last call we mentioned that we were going to get about $50 million of run-rate benefit in fiscal ‘15 and there would also be another $125 million in run-rate benefit in 2016. And in addition to that, we announced in the press release and maybe this is also what you are referring to that we were going to be looking at really a cost savings review here in the fourth quarter. And those activities are really being done in conjunction with looking at the separation of auto and standing up both those companies as separate public companies and to see whether there is some operating model changes or cost savings that can come out of that process. So, that’s something that we will look at beginning immediately and will probably take place and take action on throughout the next 12 months or so.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, so that’s a great question. And I don’t think that we can answer it to fulfill you. But I can tell you that as busy as we are on the things that we are talking about as we are just as busy and the things that we are not able to talk about, but we are looking at deals that will complement us from a product standpoint will help us geographically and shore up some of the technical product challenges that we have. So, we have plenty in the pipeline. And I would say, they span the gamut from being bolt on to being things that are transformational.
Bruce McDonald: Yes maybe add a bit to that. I mean we have already sort of talked about those who have been around for a while that our margin improvement trajectory in building efficiency being sort of 50 or 60 basis points a year and over the last couple of years, we have seen growth a lot stronger than that which we attributed to the fact that in a normal business environment, we have to add project managers, people that can do the work on an installation business. And so in weak times, we saw margins growing a lot quicker than that that, that 50 basis points to 60 basis points was a result of some of the improvement activities that we are doing. And here for the next couple of quarters, you are going to see a little bit of lower than that because of the sort of headwind that we have which is absolutely necessary to grow the installation business. So we can’t grow the installation business without putting the resource and training them in advance.
Bruce McDonald: I don’t think what we will see it in the next few quarters. We are going to see margin contraction. That’s not the takeaway here. The takeaway is we are doing a lot of things to grow our margins in all the three of our businesses that we expect to continue. This is a little bit of the headwind against that.
Bruce McDonald: So I was in China last week and so maybe I will just add a bit more stories from Ground Zero there. If you look at the passenger curve looks for 2016, so for our next fiscal year, I just anticipate that being in about the 6% range. If you look at our business mix and by that, I mean we tend to be very strong in the premium brands. We don’t have stronger share in the Chinese loan brands or with the Japanese that are doing well in the market. Our production volume based on that 6% for 2016 we anticipate being up 8% to 9%. And then like Alex said, on top of that, we still have some incremental programs, market share wins and the penetration of our metals business. So we still – we feel like with the industry work is now we are well positioned to continue to drive double-digit growth for 2016.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. Brian its Bruce here I think Glen will follow-up with specific numbers. But I think what we are sort of giving you that commentary here on the market. I think the most noteworthy thing that we are seeing is we have talked about this last couple of quarters, but really rapid acceleration in AGM demand from the customers. We were awarded just in this quarter a $1.4 million unit order. We talked on our last couple – on our last call around that we are adding AGM production in the north plant, where we are looking to do sort of half AGM and half SOI. It’s looking like we are going to have to pivot away from that and put in all AGMs. So, lot of customer interest in the AGM product line and that’s great for us.
Bruce McDonald: It’s still probably somewhat smallish as far as moving the needle even without acceleration here early on at least, because I mean we are talking about 10, 11 million units in ‘15 here, as we exit ‘15 out of 140 million units total. So, while the percentage is moving and it probably doesn’t have an impact, it’s not like it’s going to move at multiple points.
Bruce McDonald: And I think – I have made some comments about we are starting to see some aftermarket growth here. So, I think there is an opportunity to improve on that as we go forward.
Brian Stief: Yes. I think, if you look at the $1.3 billion, Rich and then it’s roughly $500 million investment we will make in Hitachi joint venture that leaves you with $800 million. Couple areas that we are going to be looking at, we have got potentially a pension contribution that we could make on a discretionary basis to essentially get the plans funded at the level we have historically targeted. We are going to have in the fourth quarter here through the adoption of some new mortality tables about a $200 million increase in our liability. So, we may use some of the proceeds to pre-fund the pension. There is also certainly in the share repurchase area we have got $200 million left on this year’s program and we could pull some forward potentially from next year’s $1.2 billion. And then there is also some moving parts just relative to tax payments. So, I would say, we are kind of – we are going to look at various options there and we will see certainly keep our flexibility.
Brian Stief: The $200 million is right now what we think the ballpark increase in the liability from the new mortality tables.
Brian Stief: Yes, I think its diesel cost is what we are looking at. And then from a currency standpoint, the real or kind of the two items that seem to be offsetting the benefit of going from 105 to 110 in the euro.
