George Oliver: Yes, when you look at our field orders, what is encouraging? Although, the install was up 1%, services was up over 10%, and we’re very encouraged with the progress we’re making there, Nigel. On the install side, it’s mainly a couple of factors here that impacted us here in the quarter. It was – the China – the COVID lockdowns, we have incredible pipeline, but because of the disruption and ultimately the delay in getting those closed impacted us in the quarter, and that’s 1% to 2%. And then in our project-based business as we now drive our vectors of growth around sustainability and healthy building. There’s larger projects and a lot of these, it’s hard to predict that timing conversion and so that amounted to another roughly 1% to 2%. Those are the key drivers, as far as the orders – field orders. Nigel, the backlog is up over 11%. The pipeline continues to be strong double digits in our conversion. And so as we’re now executing on the strategy, we are encouraged that our conversion is going to continue very strong here in Q2 and beyond for the year. And then now the way that we’ve been set up here with the backlog being up for the year really does give us a lot of confidence in our ability to be able to deliver on the guide that we provided for the full year.
George Oliver: We’re making tremendous progress on our margins and it’s not only – this has been over the last couple years instilling a discipline around price costs and more important about the value propositions that we’re bringing to the market with our vectors of growth. And so we’ve got – you see that not only in our shorter cycle business with our global products and the strength that we’re having in margins that’s combined not only the value proposition, but now also the additional productivity that’s playing through and the leverage that we’re getting on that. And so as we project the current year, we’re going to continue, going to see momentum in margins, because the longer cycle business, we’ve got strong margins and backlog. As we increase the velocity on the turn of these projects, you’re going to start to see much stronger margins come through on the rest of the year. So Olivier, maybe you can comment on the segments.
George Oliver: Yes. When you look at our North America resi deducted business, when you look at the overall market, it’s down in units in the teens, now we were down more than that. And it’s really two big factors here. This is where we’ve had coming into the year, we still had continued supply chain disruptions. We also had the launch of our new product, the 2023 product. We worked through that, we worked through the supply chain. So although, we were down further in units, we had strong pricing coming through. We worked with our distributors and there’s another key point to make on our field direct channel, which is a small portion of our distribution, we were actually up 13%. And so that’s similar to what others have seen. On the distribution side, we’ve worked with our distributors in making sure that now as we have continued to improve our supply chain through the quarter that we’re going to be positioned to be able to deliver on their expectations from a demand standpoint as we now go through the rest of the year. And so when you look at the rest of the year, we are projecting that the market will be down high single digits in units. There’ll be continued strong pricing coming through and we’ll be in line with the industry. And we believe that now with our recovery of the supply chain, we actually start to pick up some of the share that we had lost over the last year due to the supply chain.
George Oliver: Yes. At the high level, Steve, when we look at our build for the year, we were in a very different place this year than we were last as we’re now continuing to accelerate our capacity expansion across our product-based businesses. And we’ve seen a nice ramp, for instance, in our applied businesses. In some cases, we’re expanding capacity 2 or 3 times, and we tried to see that volume come through. And then we have worked with our supply chain. So we’re very much aligned now going into our seasonal ramp as well as the recovery of our backlog to be able to begin to accelerate here in Q2, and that will continue through the seasonality that we see in Q3 and Q4. And so we’re in a very different place than we were a year ago and being able to execute on that ramp. And I’m very encouraged with the work that we’ve done, especially across our applied business where, from a core strength, that is our strength, and we’re beginning to see that pick up across the board. So Olivier, I don’t know if you got any additional.
George Oliver: Yes. When we look at our pipeline and we track our pipeline very closely, especially as it relates to all of the – our growth vectors and then the overall general market, when you look at the Dodge number and when you look at that growth, we are lagging that. So we’re seeing significant opportunity there as that plays through. We are watching the ABI, which is longer term from projects that are coming to market. It did soften in November. It did come back and stabilize in December. And so for us, it’s – and then when you look at our mix of our businesses, with the demand for our core applied business, when we look at our chillers, when you look at industrial refrigeration, you look at our data center offerings, across our supply – across that portfolio, we’re seeing incredible demand. And we’re working to make sure that we’re executing on the capacity expansions that we made – that we started over a year ago to be positioned to be able to support that demand, and we’re making good progress, Steve. So from a non-res, as far as our mix and where we see our strength to be, we see continued very strong activity building in the pipeline.
George Oliver: So Julian, just to add to that, as you look at our commercial applied business, in many product lines, we’re doubling; in some cases, tripling. And we’re in the process of building up and being able to achieve that output through the course of the year. So we’re in a build and we’re making good progress on the applied business. When you look at our total applied business with what we do externally as well as internally, it’s up very strong here in the first quarter. And then the second is what Olivier said, as we work through the residential disruption, it’s really comes down to one plant on supporting our residential business with the disruption that we had really coming into the quarter. We’ve worked through that, and we’re positioned to adjust. Given the mismatch we had, we’ve lined out with our distributors relative to what they expect. And we have confidence that, that’s going to normalize here over the next quarter or 2.
George Oliver: And so let me touch on that, and I’ll turn it over to Olivier. When you look at the turn, so what we’ve booked over the last – it’s really been the last year, 15 months, what’s been turning some of the longer cycle projects that are turning now and you look at what’s going to turn second, third and fourth quarter, a much higher mix, Julian, relative to the margin that we booked into the backlog. And that margin is tied to much greater value propositions. And then ultimately, in installed base, it’s going to spin off service. And so we’re going through the last of the tail that was prior to this inflationary period of projects that are still coming through. But I have confidence that when we look at what we’ve been – how we’ve been building these projects costing and then ultimately executing, you’re going to start to see a nice pickup in margins. And I think – and then the other factor is that the velocity of our turn, because of the improvement in the supply chain, you’ll start to see much higher productivity because the velocity of being able to turn these projects more consistently as we work through the year. Those are the two big factors. Olivier, maybe you could comment on the margin rate.
George Oliver: Scott, as we look at what we’ve done as we’ve been executing on the strategy that we outlined a couple of years back and where we are in that journey, it’s really now capitalizing on a much bigger value proposition as we focused on our vectors of growth. And that’s not only in how we pulled together our combined capabilities within our products. But now with OpenBlue and ultimately are creating solutions that deliver on an outcome for our customers. And the outcome is typically focused on energy reduction, obviously heightened indoor environmental quality and then ultimately leading to an autonomous building. And as we focused on our core and then when you look at the contribution that our HVAC business has to being able to achieve those outcomes, it is significant. And so the value proposition comes with being able to create a solution that’s very different than what historically has been provided leveraging our technology and then being able to really leverage the core in how we ultimately deliver on that with the technology that we have in our products. And so we’re confident that when you look at how we’re pricing today, the value proposition we bring and the new products that we’re bringing to market, our new product investment is up about 25%, 28% year-on-year. We’ve got the leading portfolio in heat pumps. Heat pumps now today are going to be a big part of the solution and being able to reduce energy while we’re continuing to enhance the indoor air quality. And we have new heat pumps pretty much across the board where that technology is being applied across our entire portfolio from the most complex industrial applications with our chillers and industrial refrigeration across all of our commercial products rooftops as well as our applied air-cooled chillers going into data centers and then across our residential portfolio. So I’m confident that with the technology, the value proposition and then our ability to fundamentally change how we serve our customers with solutions that focus on outputs delivering for them, we’re seeing significant momentum on that.
George Oliver: Yes. The way that we’ve leveraged our Fire & Security portfolio today, it’s still very attractive. It’s still 40% of our revenues. It’s quarter building systems. On the digital side, they are critical systems that do integrate with an overall smart building. And because of the sensors that these systems bring into the building, very important for the data that we collect within OpenBlue and how we ultimately create a smart building. So it starts there. Now you would argue that there’s more around the security systems. So whether it be access control, intrusion or video, those are very important sensors and systems that historically have been separate and apart but then ultimately converge with our building controls and the other digital systems within the building that with now – with OpenBlue, we can bridge all of those systems into one solution, into one data set. So it starts there. And then from a fire standpoint that when we install a fire system, that the value proposition that we bring through service is significant in our ability to be able to connect and monitor and ultimately be very proactive in how we support our customers through service. So those are the two – when you think about Fire & Security, the value proposition that it has into the solution set that we’re building and ultimately differentiating the outputs that we can create for the customers that we serve, Scott.
George Oliver: Yes. Looking at our Global Products, when you look at the impact that we had, and I think the other point to make here on our Global Products volume, we had a fire in a warehouse within our fire suppression business. It impacted the finished goods that we had stored. And although we work to try to recover that in the quarter, that impacted our growth rate at the product level about 2% or 3%. So that is a big factor. We’re going to recover that volume here in the second quarter and most of it in the second quarter, but maybe into the third quarter. So it’s worthy to mention that. The resi demand hit us for another roughly 1% to 2%. And then when we look at China and then the ability to be able to – we’re significantly ramping up our applied businesses. So when you look at our applied mix, we’re up double-digit across the board. And so we’re confident that with the capacity expansion, with the work that we’ve done with our supply base and making sure we have visibility to the volumes as we ramp, like I said earlier, in some cases, we’re doubling or tripling our volumes in our applied space. So I’m confident that although – and then when you look at our total product units, we’re relatively flat because some of the units do go into our direct channel solutions. So we’re going to be ramping here. We’re going to deliver unit growth here as we position for Q2. That will continue to expand as we go through Q3 and Q4. Those are the key factors, Noah, that have been impacting our ability to be able to turn.
George Oliver: We’re expecting that this is going to continue to significantly increase. When you look at the IRA, there’s $369 billion in incentives over the next 10 years. We believe – and it’s all focused on electrification, which we deliver through heat pumps. It’s focused on impact on grid capacity and generation, which we do incorporate renewable supply into our solutions and then just overall energy efficiency. This is right in our sweet spot. And so we think the $369 billion actually multiplied by 5 to 10 times given the amount of resource that will be put to work in being able to deliver on our customers’ sustainability goals. And so when you look at the pipeline that we’re working to convert, it’s well over $7 billion. We had – last year, that had ramped up to about $1 billion, last year, we see that accelerating over the course of the year. These are larger projects, so it’s hard to predict the timing of conversion. But our teams, we’ve got the team on the field that with the depth and expertise, I think that fundamentally changes how we can go about serving our customers with the type of solutions that we’re developing. And all of that is delivered – when you think about the optimal solution, it’s not just the equipment because we have leadership equipment. We’re developing a leadership portfolio of heat pumps, but its how the equipment comes together with our digital platform that ultimately delivers on our customers’ expectations. And that’s what’s going to, I think differentiate us as we build not only build the pipeline, but begin to convert and capitalize on the opportunity ahead. And just one last note in Europe. It’s similar in Europe. I mean we talked about the IRA. But we’ve been working very closely with the EU with a number of their strategies, the green deal, net zero by 2050. They’ve got the EU level legislation around. They got climate law. They got an energy performance of buildings initiative. And then more recently, it was the REPowerEU focusing on the independent firm Russian fossil fuels. All of these activities, we’ve been aligned working and making sure we’re aligned so that we’re going to be positioned to ultimately achieve the goals that they’re setting out to achieve.
George Oliver: A comment on that, Jeff, as we have instituted over the last two years, the significant improvement in our ability to strategically price and then make sure that we’re within that pricing, we’re incorporating future inflation. So as we’re costing in these longer-cycle projects, making sure we have the right cost and the right terms and conditions and the like, that has significantly improved. And so when we look at what’s going to turn in the next three quarters, a high percentage of the projects that are going to turn are in backlog. And the margin is as we have been working through the older backlog that was priced prior to the inflationary period, that is becoming less and less. And so we’re confident that what’s in the margin in backlog is a significant step-up. Now it’s just our ability to be able to minimize disruption, get more precise relative to the material flows that support these projects. And by doing so, we accelerate the velocity of the turn. And what that does, it gives us higher productivity and then also, from an inventory standpoint, our ability to be able to recognize revenue with the execution on a shorter cycle. So that’s a big element. And so I think we’re cautious relative to the continued improvement that we’re seeing in those factors, but we’re confident that the margins that have been booked are going to in turn and be significantly improved over the course of the year.
George Oliver: I mean it’s actually the opposite, Jeff. We – when you look at our core, we have focused our field-based business on our strategy to really differentiate and capitalize on the growth vectors, which is ultimately the energy reduction, the healthy environment and then overall automation of building. Making sure that everything we do is deploying our core capability, core technology, getting it connected and then ultimately converting it to a service. So by doing so, it has refocused the business so that we’re – the value proposition is greater with what we do. And taking out a lot of the historical contracting that we might have done that ultimately was low margin and didn’t convert to services, there’s a much higher focus on leveraging our core, obviously, leveraging digital and then ultimately delivering on outcomes that historically hadn’t been achieved. And so I think from that standpoint, when you look at our applied product business, we’re up – it’s up double-digit with the applied products flowing into our channel, which ultimately is helping us create a bigger installed base. It’s also getting the connectivity to that base, which then drives us to be able to create new value propositions with the data that ultimately we use from that installed base.
George Oliver: Yes, a simple fundamental is we track how we book and what was booked from a cost standpoint and how does that tie to the value proposition and then how it turns. And so Nicole, when we talk about mix, on a forward-looking basis, you have a much – every quarter, you have less of the older projects that maybe didn’t incorporate the higher inflationary rates that we now have experienced over the last 18 months or so. And so when we talk about mix, it’s part of that as well as our ability to be able to then – everything we’ve been booking from a strategy standpoint is more aligned to how we create an installed base and ultimately get a recurring revenue from that installed base with service. And that is – when we talk about on a go-forward basis, that continues to improve, recognizing that we still have projects that will be turning that didn’t necessarily have that factored in.
George Oliver: Yes. I mean we’re – obviously, we’re already working with customers and working through what this means and how they go about it and recognizing that we’re obviously part of that as this bill was formed. And so we’re definitely going to start to see some momentum here on the order side. And then depending on the timing, how that flows through the year and into next, we’ll continue to keep you updated. But that – this is ultimately helping to build the pipeline that we have and the confidence that we have in being able to turn – but not only book but then turn sustainable solutions in. It’s across all of our portfolio, right, from residential incentives right up through some of the more complex offerings that we have.
George Oliver: Yes. I mean it’s just purely – there’s an educational element that we’re working through and understanding what it is and then what we can do and how we can go about solving the problem and being able to capitalize on the incentives. And like to your point, the value proposition that we bring with the output that we can create, again, it becomes very attractive for the customer. So it isn’t a matter of – that I think that they’re going to ultimately proceed. It’s more just the timing of going through that initial upfront process in getting it defined and then ultimately being able to execute. But we’re confident, Josh, with the solution set that we’ve built that we’re going to be well-positioned to be able to capitalize on the dollars that come into the market as a result of that. And some of it is, when you look at customers, it’s also changing how they’re thinking about whether it be capital or OpEx and how these business models are configured and then how they match that to the benefits that they see. So we’re working through that. We’ve got a team that’s working directly with our customer base in sorting that out, but we’re going to start to see momentum that on that both in the orders and then our ability to be able to convert.
George Oliver: Yes. So on the Fire & Security, we are seeing strength in the – with the Dodge construction and the activity coming through, and we’re positioned well on that on the – more on the retrofit side, we thrive and from a service standpoint and how we upgrade and ultimately reconfigure indoor space and the like. And we’re seeing a lot of that given the hybrid work and how people are coming back to work. And so that is – those are the factors that drive Fire & Security. We were up both orders and revenue up close to double-digit in both typically a little bit lower growth rate than what we see in HVAC. And then HVAC is really being driven by what we’ve discussed here frequently here during today’s call around the value proposition not only with the efficiency that we bring within the new equipment but the deployment of heat pumps, for instance. We are in a situation where we’ve improved our technology with the temperatures that we can generate. When you take a chiller and convert to a heat pump and then be able to replace a boiler, significantly reduces the carbon footprint for our customers. At the same time, you’re getting 3 to 5 times the efficiency out of the unit. And so you get a tremendous payback. And so it’s through these models, Gautam, that as we begin to unleash what we believe to be a very attractive market and does play to our strengths, that is going to be a different demand cycle than what historically we’ve seen in HVAC.
George Oliver: Yes. So on the inflation as it relates to commodities, we’re watching that closely. Certainly, some of that has moderated. But as they’ve moderated, other costs have continued to increase. So that’s something we’re watching closely. And certainly, I want to make sure that we stay disciplined with the impact that, that might have. I think what’s important to us now is that the business proposition here is that we’re creating value not necessarily tied to purely price cost as what historically we would have done. So I think that’s one factor. And then the second on the – the second was on the applied – what was…
George Oliver: The lead times as a result of the strong demand, you’ve got to realize, Gautam, that as we’ve gone through the last year, we’ve had significant pickup in our backlog around applied. And so on a go-forward basis, it’s important that we get – we’ve been building our capacity. We were expanding a number of our plants, whether it be water cooled chillers or air cooled chillers or industrial refrigeration. Our data center solutions, we’re significantly increasing our capacity as we’ve been ramping up, and we’ve been doing this in line with the supply chain recovery that we’ve been executing on. And so once – with this backlog, we’re trying to address the backlog so that we can open up capacity with shorter lead times to now be able to capitalize on what we see to be very strong demand going forward. So the lead times are being reduced. They’re not to where we like them to be. But with the additional capacity we’re putting online as we go through the year, we’re going to be positioned very competitively from a lead time to be able to respond ultimately and support the customer demand that we see.
George Oliver: They vary. So it’s hard to state any one, depending on the right from the residential to the large commercial, but we’ve been reducing them significantly here over the last six months. We are now with the additional capacity coming on board, I would tell you, our volumes in our applied business on a run rate basis with our chillers and then our water cooled chillers and our air cooled chillers, we’re looking at volumes on a run rate basis that are going to be 2 or 3 times. And so as we’re putting those that capacity in place, it does give us an opportunity on a forward-looking basis to reduce the lead times that we’re quoting to our customers.
George Oliver: Yes. And I’d like to thank everyone once again for joining us on today’s call. As we have discussed, we have a very strong start to the fiscal year. I’m very confident in our ability to execute and continue the momentum in the coming quarters as we step – really step up into the next phase of our digital transformation journey. And with that, I look forward to seeing many of you over the conferences over the next couple of – next month or so. And with that, operator, that concludes our call.
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely. So one clarifying point on the orders. We expect as an impact on orders due to the move of the orders from Q1 to Q2 orders in the field to be high single digits in Q2. Regarding the margin, we expect global product margin to remain strong for the rest of the year and we expect the field margin to turn positive in Q2, probably about 51 to 100 basis points at the segment EBITDA level and increase day after significantly with a strong increase as we end the year, Nigel, in the field business.
Olivier Leonetti: So it would be from a project to – project mix or larger projects flowing through in the quarter. If you look at a high level and we have discussed that job before, we have booked orders at a higher level of margin all through last year. And those orders are now starting to flow through the field business. So as indicated to Nigel earlier, we expect the field margin to improve at a segment EBITDA level in Q2 by 50 to 100 basis points and keep increasing thereafter. That would include also our North America business. The expectation for the margin increase in segment EBITDA level for North America into two is expected the increase to be over a full points. So as we keep converting the backlog as we – which is at a higher margin, as we keep delivering our productivity initiatives, as we keep increasing the mix of our service business in our companies, which was very strong in Q1, we expect this momentum to continue in Q2, you will see the field margin business to increase, I would say, materially between Q1 and Q4, Joe.
Olivier Leonetti: No, not much more to add. The backlog conversion now is going to have its full impact. It will be very strong from Q2 onwards. The productivity initiatives are still well on track. We are identifying new productivity initiatives all through the year. The backlog is very resilient. Our service mix is very strong, accelerating significantly across the portfolio. So we see margin expansion clearly in the second half, Steve.
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look at, first of all, the full guide, it’s unchanged, 80% to 90% free cash flow for the full year. If you look at the seasonality of your question, we believe we’re going to go back to historical free cash flow generation seasonality. That means that we should be year-to-date at the end of Q2, close to breakeven from a free cash flow standpoint. You can infer from that, that we would be positive in Q4 – in Q2, I’m sorry. So breakeven year-to-date at the end of Q2, positive in Q2. You’re right. Inventory was the key variable explaining what happened in free cash flow in Q1. Largely, George covered that. Resi and some mismatch of inventory is what is explaining this trend. We believe that this is going to keep improving all through the year. We have detailed action in place. And we believe that breaking even after the first half is an achievable goal from a free cash flow standpoint.
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely. So as a byproduct of the speed of the backlog conversion, we would see, as I indicated earlier, Julian, margin expansion, I can go a bit more into the details of the numbers here. So probably in Q2, we will expect segment EBITDA margin to increase close to a full points. And today, for Q3, we are planning actually close to a 4 points margin improvement in this business, not assuming a significant change in churn rates of the backlog.
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look at the margin acceleration, which is a byproduct of the backlog conversion, as you said, Jeff, that is not really a variable associated with unit volumes. If you look at the field business, which is about $16 billion of revenue for the enterprise, this is more and more a business which is solution based, where you need less and less a relevant measure solution because we sell services, we sell sustainability, we sell indoor air quality. So the margin acceleration is a byproduct of just the conversion, and we are planning to your point, for volume to be growing low-single digits, about 2% for the back half of the year.
Olivier Leonetti: Yes. If you look at today, so we believe we’re going to be able to maintain the margin in Global Products and keep improving the margin in the field. I know Nicole, just to go back to your prior question on mix, the backlog conversion is the big variable for mix improvement more than anything else. And we have a high confidence in that now happening with no improvement in lead time. Going back to your global margin question, you go back to what George has indicated, we are mainly exposed to the commercial market today in Global Products. Resi is a small proportion of our portfolio. And in Global Products, we are investing heavily in pump. If you look at the new product introductions today, 90% of them are very strong heat pump capabilities. We bought a small asset also in the quarter with [indiscernible] heat pump. So we believe that the channel, the strength of the portfolio is going to keep allowing us to maintain a strong margin in Global Products. And there was no – if you look at the macro, Nicole, today from a commercial standpoint, it’s still strong for commercial.
Olivier Leonetti: And Josh, this is where the field presence is very important. We have today a field presence, allowing us to advise our customers about how to best leverage the benefits of the IRA.
Olivier Leonetti: One statistic, Gautam, to complement what George has indicated, our adjusted pipeline growth today is in the mid-teens, just reflecting what George has indicated.
