Glen Ponczak: Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining us. before we start here this morning, I want to remind you of our forward-looking statement. Johnson Controls incorporated will make forward-looking statements in this presentation pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2011 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements, the company cautions that numerous important factors, such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts, changes in the levels or timing of investments in commercial buildings, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of the company's most recent Form 10-K filing, which was filed November 24, 2009, could affect the company's actual results and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by, or on behalf of, the company. This morning, we'll start with Steve Roell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Controls  giving an overview of the quarter and of fiscal 2010 results. After that, Chris McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will review the business individually and give a financial review. That will be followed by questions and answers. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Glen Ponczak: So I don't know that, that's how we classify it. It's Glen here, Colin. The announcement that we made with Hitachi memorandum of understanding, very preliminary, an opportunity to talk with Hitachi to figure out where exactly we might go, when we might partner and collaborate. But the JV partnership with Saft, no impact on that. That's the mechanism by which we're supplying vehicles on the road today and will continue to do so. The sales that we've got in that business doesn't change by virtue of this.  This is really an expansion, a way to look maybe more broadly at different opportunities, perhaps different sort of chemistries and things. But it really is too soon to tell that. We'll know that over the course of the next couple of months.
Glen Ponczak: Well, Patrick, I'll tell you what. Those sort of drivers are always helpful. But, of course, the business grows for other reasons, right, because it comes with paybacks, because it helps with sustainability. Certainly, legislation is a driver or can be a driver. There was a lot of talk certainly over the summer with the increased building standards for energy efficiency. Certainly, the specter of cap and trade kind of comes and goes. It'll be interesting to see what happens after November. I mean, that may change entirely. And I guess what I'll tell you is one of the things that I want to do is after the Election actually do an update on the legislative issue for everybody. So I think whatever I say today probably is different next week potentially. So I guess stay tuned, I guess, is the best thing that I could tell you at this point.
Glen Ponczak: Tim, so it's Glen here. Yes, I mean, there was some publicity around the Chinese plan that all Start-Stop vehicles for all new production by late 2012 or 2013. It's probably unlikely they can sort of achieve that timeframe. But that has been around for a while actually. But the way that, that is structured is the OEs are going to decide what flavor of AGM or, sorry, what flavor of Start-Stop might be. And some of that will likely be AGM because it has some advantages. But I guess at this point, it's really more in a wait-and-see mode. I mean, we've got contact certainly with the OEs where we provide batteries to them. But really, it's sort of too soon to call here at this point.
R. McDonald: I'll start with that, Chris. Bruce here. And it sort of -- just on a high-level basis here, right now, we're number four. And If you look at our market share in China, and we've grown very quickly. Our sort of main areas of growth that we're sort of focusing on is really twofold. One is, we're trying to develop our aftermarket presence. The whole industry tends to be more OE focused than the markets in Western Europe and North America. And so we're trying to make investments to develop that channel for us because long term, that's going to be where what industry migrates to. The second area of focus is the market is moving from maintenance batteries to maintenance-free batteries. And so for those of us that are a little bit older, you may recall batteries, we used to unscrew the top and pour water into them and keep them going whereas today's batteries are completely filled. The market is shifting toward maintenance-free product. And if you were to sort of segment our share in that market, we're number one. So as the market shifts towards their technology, we feel good about our growth prospects. And lastly, we clearly are the low-cost, high-quality provider in terms of automotive batteries. We're number one in every region of the world with the exception of China. We're putting our latest technology in that region. We're very confident that as a result of those strategies and the investments and our know-how, that we're going to be the long-term winner there'
R. McDonald: Well, I think what we talked about, Brian, is I think we said from an 80 perspective overall, that we expect about 90 basis points of margin expansion next year. And if you look at kind of what the main drivers are there, the main contributor to that is Europe. It's hard to say hard for me to say here's what's going to happen in Q1, 2, 3 and 4. And I'll now sort of reiterate my comments on some of the engineering timing, but we expect that our margins are going to be up quarter-over-quarter. I really just can't comment on the magnitude in each individual quarter.
R. McDonald: Well, we haven't given individual guidance for each piece next year, but a big driver of the improvement is going to be Europe. And the key thing to remember, Brian, is we've talked about next year our forecast is flat production in Europe where we've talked about the fact that we've sized [ph] (42:53) both of our North American and European businesses have breakeven at 8.3 in North America and 14.3 in Europe. And if you look at the European production, we're only about 10% or 12% off the bottom, whereas in North America, we're up, say, 40% or 50% off the bottom. So I would tell you that we need, and I've always been pretty clear about this in the past. For our European business to get to the target level and we do need the production levels to bounce up stronger than they are right now.
R. McDonald: Well, we didn't talk about launch costs because on  year-over-year and a quarter, they weren't significantly higher. The issue for us was the timing of engineering recoveries in the quarter, which when I talked about our net engineering beyond $50 million, about $40 million of that was in Europe.
R. McDonald: No. That shortfall, roughly about $240 million, okay? And we've talked about what level of discretionary expense contributions we tend to make next year.
R. McDonald: It will over time, Rod, but I think, I mean, maybe just to answer your question on a very macro basis, if you look at the quarter and the impact of lead on our revenues of about $90 million, so if you sort of strip that out of our top line growth, you're going to have -- sales growth is comparable to unit growth. And a little bit -- and I guess that's a little bit softer. And that would really be because of the lower average selling price in Asia.
R. McDonald: And Ron, just to help you out, I mean, the AGM, our capacity now is about 3 million units on an annual basis. Our quarterly volume in battery is over 30 million. So it's going to take a little bit of time before that's get up to 5 million to 7 million before it starts to move to bigger number.
R. McDonald: Yes, I've talked about our total orders were about $612 million. I don't have the revenue off the top of my head, but I would say, I'll hazard a guess that it wouldn't be more than $100 million.
R. McDonald: We don't, I mean, maybe, well, we can maybe take a shot at trying to calculate that, but I don't have that.
R. McDonald: Well, they tend to be fairly lumpy. So I think if you look at our overall engineering, roughly speaking we get about 60% of whatever we spend on engineering, in fact, through engineering recoveries. In any one quarter, however, that number could fluctuate, we'll say, 40 and 80. So what we have is just looking at it -- from a year-over-year basis, we had a quarter where very low recoveries in this quarter and more normative levels than the prior year quarter.
R. McDonald: Well, I mean, I'll take each one separately. I would say our auto margins in Asia are higher than our segment average. They tend to be robust. And even if you sort of look at the margins of our nonconsolidated businesses, as mentioned [ph] (54:50), our ROIs, of course, is both 8% or 9%. And that's our overall average. And obviously, if only take an equity income from the Chinese pieces, you'll actually going to drive that significantly higher as we go forward. If you look at how Power Solutions right now, margins are below segment average, and that really reflects the fact that we're kind of importing batteries at a loss just to support -- to get sort of ahead of the growth. So our sales are running ahead of our installed capacity. That will go away. It'll be a headwind for us because we'll still be importing batteries in 2011. But by 2012, our Chinese margin should get up to segment average.
R. McDonald: Yes, that Service business, that ticked up, Himanshu. It was really more related to the performance contracting and just the Building market of the truck base. And that's what was exceptionally strong both in the context of orders as well as revenue recognition in the quarter, okay? That's where the growth is. We're expecting to see some improvement in our Service business. We're seeing more bidding activity around what we call prime, which is direct, smaller type work that we do in conjunction through our service organization. That has not been the case. What we saw began in the last quarter has continued into this quarter. So that's the good sign there.
R. McDonald: Well, Ravi, I mean, as you know, you and I have different view in terms of the outlook for North America next year. Our guidance is based on only 5%, I think that's 5% production growth next year. And in that environment, we're not looking for a big tick up in our margins. We do believe -- I guess we have the same view, though, is we're committed to delivering sort of 15% to 20% incremental profit pull-through on the industry-related growth here. And so to the extent -- you're right. Yes, I believe we'll agree with your thesis that the margin should be a lot better.
R. McDonald: Well, it definitely is a factor helping us to get to the -- when we talk about Europe margins next year being a significant improvement, that's going to be one of our factors.
R. McDonald: Yes, I'll maybe add to that, Richard. Think about our Equipment business is more heavily skewed towards Southern Europe, whereas the growth rates are still fairly lower than, say, Germany.
R. McDonald: Yes, just to be clear. Of the amount of capacity that we authorized in our going forward , it does not all come online this year. We can get back to you with that flow chart, I think, how that's sort of flows, Tim. I believe we don't get to that run rate until late 2012.
R. McDonald: I would say we're seeing the things that you just said. Export volumes are high. I would say probably unique to us is just because we've had so much launch activity over in Europe, if you look at the mix of our business that's new vehicles in the marketplace, our platforms are tending to gain share. So I think that's part of the drivers as to why we're outperforming the market here. But generally speaking, as we look into this quarter, our schedules are holding up pretty good and we feel good about both North American and the European outlook here and certainly as we get into our first fiscal quarter.
Stephen Roell: The only thing I can add, Chris, to the market share side, if you recall, we announced probably mid-summer that we were going to be putting a capacity of roughly 30 million batteries between now and 2015. So you can probably come up with a fairly good market share number from that. We really don't have any competitors who really compete on a national basis. They're more regionally based. As we indicated in our meeting, our next site is going to be to the West. And then I would tell you that after that, we'll be looking to the northern region of China for our next plan after that. So that will give you some sense.
Stephen Roell: I would say it's heavily influenced by what we're hearing from our customers and the demand that they're asking us to run to. I don't think it'll be by the end of the decade. I think it'll be before that. But we're responding to what we're hearing from BMW and Volkswagen in particular who are talking to us about the demand and expectation, what they're going to do with their fleets. So that's more of a customer and, I would say, third-party. We're just acknowledging what we think that demand looks like now.
Stephen Roell: I think that's right, yes. I think, Rod, I'm not sure that, that ARRA reference is probably worthwhile highlighting for the future. I think we're seeing strong demand in the Federal Government, state, local...
Stephen Roell: Well, it's a long ways coming, Colin, okay? I think that we currently have a fairly good advisory service regarding helping people manage their demand. Really, our real focus, though, on the demand side as opposed to the generation side, as realtime comes in, they may need more sophisticated controls, and that's really where we benefit and we can help our customers. But I don't -- I wouldn't tell you that's driving our markets today. It's premature, but it's there certainly over next five years.
Stephen Roell: Well, we're not heavily involved in electric vehicles and certainly not on the recharging side. I mean, I've read probably articles like you have regarding investments are being made and companies are making those investments, but that's not really where our focus is.
Stephen Roell: Why don't we say we do something? We'll have Glen get back to you, Himanshu. We don't have that at our fingertips.
Stephen Roell: On the Building side, I would tell you right  now the margins on our Buildings side are higher than our norm from a global regional standpoint. And I think they'll continue to expand over time, Himanshu, as we develop a service base. But right now, I feel very good about our ability to not only grow the Asian market, but also to get further margin expansion.
Stephen Roell: I'd say, Rich, we can still see that as a very challenging market for us, okay? If I had to look all the markets around the world, that's the one that still concerned us regarding just its -- it has a high dependency right now. Well, the markets that ever recovered from a construction standpoint, the existing building markets just aren't there. So I would tell you that we would hope to see growth continue like that in Europe, but I think we're going to get our growth next year from other markets beyond Europe.
Stephen Roell: I don't know if we can maintain 30%. That would be asking for a lot. But I do think that what you would -- there's two things you should take away from that one, Rich. One is the fact that we saw significant demand in booking relative to performance contracting, and the pipeline continues strong. So if I look at our pipeline, and this is a North American comment, we're still seeing good opportunities in higher end and the Federal Government. And we are also seeing strong demand for equipment. The other thing, I guess, I would tell you is that you should expect to see good demand out of the emerging markets. China and the Middle East will continue to represent strong growth markets for 2011.
Stephen Roell: Well, again, we don't want to do a rollup. The lighting transaction was interesting because we think it's an integral part of what we need to do and what we offer to our customers in terms of performance contracting. And what we did was we made an acquisition to get a core competency and a product, I'll call it a product, that's really more of a...
Stephen Roell: ... capability. And then we're trying to take that capability, which is located [ph] (1:02:06) up East and grow that into the Midwest. So really not a rollup, Rich. We don't really want to do that. But we do look for some capabilities that would broaden our capabilities and performance contracts specifically.
Stephen Roell: Patrick, first, let me just start. The indexing we have is broader than steel, okay? Maybe what I should be thinking of steel is that on steel, we actually we actually wanted to buy one of the OEs. So that takes away all of that risk, okay? But our indexing goes much beyond that. It goes into some of the other commodities you described. So again, with the exception of one OE which we're talking with, we feel we've got strong coverage of almost 90% on our major components of resin and poly and steel.
Stephen Roell: I think the only thing we have to watch, Tim, is the fact that some of those customers I mentioned to you earlier, the European OEs, are going to want to bring AGM into that marketplace for products that produce them. So we're anticipating we're going to have to provide AGM Start-Stop applications, if nothing else, for those customers.
Stephen Roell: Well, the way we see that is what we call prime contracts. It's really where our Service business actually gets an opportunity to bid on small retrofit projects on their clients. And that's been ticking up for about the last four months. That's the area that really we noticed where deferral was taking place on small, what we call retrofit or repair-type work. Maintenance, we saw maintenance usually flows with weather. So we saw a pickup in demand on truck base work in the warm August period. But that didn't continue into September.
Stephen Roell: So with that, let me go ahead and close the meeting real quickly here. Just a couple of comments. We feel good about our momentum again heading into 2011. As I indicated at the Analyst Meeting in New York, this is the time when we're accelerating our investments both from the standpoint of our capital investment as well as our capacity in terms of our sales force and our product development. We're doing that ahead of the growth in our markets. We think that we could take advantage of those opportunities and gain share. So our investment strategy is really geared at what we do in the next four to five years. We think we're well positioned to deliver record earnings in 2011 and more importantly to sustain profitable growth over the longer term. And with that, thank you very much for participating and the questions which you brought to us today. Take care.
