Antonella Franzen: Thank you. Good morning, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls second quarter fiscal 2018 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer George Oliver and our Executive Vice-President and Chief Financial Officer Brian Stief. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we have included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions, and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins exclude restructuring and integration costs as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to the presentation posted on our website. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls ordinary shareholders was $0.47 for the quarter and included a net charge of $0.06 related to special items. These special items primarily relate to integration costs. Adjusting for these special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.53 per share compared to $0.50 in the prior year quarter. Now let me turn the call over to George.
Antonella Franzen: Steve, just the one thing I would add in terms of as you're modeling out Q3 and Q4, keep in mind that Q3 is the seasonal high for Hitachi so we typically have a higher non-controlling interest number in the third quarter.
Antonella Franzen: And, Andy, it's Antonella. The only thing that I would add is keep in mind that OE production decline started last year in Q3. So as we get into our second half of this fiscal year, that starts to stabilize as well.
Antonella Franzen: All right. Operator, as we're at the top of the hour, I'm going to pass it over to George for some closing comments.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, so, Julian, I'll take that. When you look at our performance, we typically are 40%/60% split first half and second half. This year, we are a little bit more skewed to the second half, about 38% on the first half, 62% on the second half. And so as you look at – and as we planned the year, we knew we had a lot of headwinds in the first half, and those headwinds were the backlog conversion on gross margins coming through mainly in the first half and a little bit in the second half. We had the price/cost pressure of about $40 million, most of which was in the first half, we're going to turn positive in the second half. The sales force investments were weighted to the first half as we added significant capacity within our sales channels. And the product investments also were weighted to the first half. And then when you take into account the transportation headwind that we had in Power, and then net all of that with the productivity and synergies, when you look at that, we had headwind of about $0.02 in the first half. As you play out the year as we begin to accelerate our – we begin to convert backlog, we continue with strong product growth, we accelerate service and we start to pick up significant volume in our Power business, when you look at the overall benefit in the second half, it's about $0.13. And so the net impact of first half to second half is a delta of about $0.15.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, so I would start, Steve, that this, as I said in my prepared remarks, this is one of the top priorities for the company, and this topic comes up in every meeting that we have and is front-and-center as far as a deliverable for all of our teams across the businesses. And so what I would say is we're making – and we've put the accountability of the cash, we've reinforced that with all of our incentives across the business. So we definitely are going through a cultural change. This is front-and-center. And no matter what element of cash, I can tell you that wherever I go across the globe, whether it be sales leaders making sure that they're enabling and helping to collect on the receivables, whether we're looking at entitlements of inventory and pushing out production and balancing production more with our sales demand, whether it's our sourcing teams that are matching our payables in line with our contract terms, we've made significant progress. And so I would tell you that every step of the way, we've got full engagement. We've got the accountabilities in place. We've got the incentives reinforcing that. And I would tell you we are making really good progress.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, we're making good progress, Steve. As I said last quarter, we had booked margins about 70 basis points better. This was a big focus in North America. That's where the pressure was coming into the year. We had roughly $40 million of pressure, which was about 75 basis points on a backlog in North America that was about $5.2 billion. And so with that performance in the first quarter, we had increased the margin and backlog about 30 basis points. This quarter in Q2, we were able to book margins about 100-plus basis points, and that brought up the margin in backlog about 40 basis points. And so that gives us a lot of confidence that, as we now project the turn of these orders in the margin, we're going to start to see a pickup in the margin rate on a go-forward basis.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, so orders, when you look at our – we track our products, our applied products as well as the revenues that are achieved in our channels across the globe. And orders were up about 5%, mid-single digits roughly across the base. We are seeing, if you look at the overall applied HVAC equipment revenue globally, we're actually up about 2%, and that includes all of our revenues achieved with the applied technology and conversion of that into projects. And what's very encouraging, as you all know that we've launched our new chiller, and when you look at the chiller orders coming through in the second quarter, we're seeing very strong demand. And so that's across all of the – most of the regions. We're seeing very strong demand and I'm projecting that that's going to continue with the success that we've seen to date.
George R. Oliver: Absolutely. Absolutely. You saw the price increases we've taken. I can tell you we have a regular rhythm of not only with the increases that have been made, making sure that we're getting the full yield on those increases. And what I would tell you is that we're progressing very well. And that gives me confidence that we're going, from a price/cost standpoint as we get through the second half, we're going to have positive price/cost in the second half.
George R. Oliver: No. Except for some of the headwinds and tailwinds that we discussed earlier in the call, what I would say is that we have normal seasonality with volumes coming through. We are seeing good progress, as I said, with products. I'm very encouraged by the new product launches and the technology we're bringing into the market. The 6% was strong. And a note on products, we actually had a 9% increase in Fire & Security products within the quarter. And so the investments that are being made are paying out. The service we brought within the field businesses, the importance of service and the ability to be able to create more value for our customers, at the same time being able to really drive mix. And that 3% service growth we're looking to continue to expand that as we go through the second half. And then we begin to see the turn on our installation base, and so that's where we've been a little bit behind where I'd like to be to date. But with the backlog that's been built, we're up 6% and the margins in backlog are better. That's going to start to come through. And then in Power, we'll see the normal pick up here on the volumes in the third and fourth quarter and a lot of that is in anticipation for the next season here with replacement batteries and the like. And so I am encouraged that when you look at the year-on-year, we're going to continue to see momentum, and we'll be well positioned to deliver on the commitments.
George R. Oliver: Absolutely, Jeff. What I would say is that we always – when we book, we always do better than what we book through execution. We've been very much focused, especially with some of the headwinds in what we're doing from a productivity standpoint, to be able to continue to bring down the cost of the conversion of the project. And so I'm encouraged. This is something we're going pretty deep into to make sure that as we're projecting the cost of these projects with the inflationary pressure that we have seen, that we've got that grounded and then we're taking other actions whether it be through sourcing or other execution that we can not only meet the margins but continue to execute better through execution. So I'm encouraged that that trend is continuing. Like I said, we went into the year, we had some pressure, but as we're now remixing the backlog and beginning to convert, we're now starting to see the pickup in the margin rate.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, so what I would tell you is that as we looked at the backlog, there were – last year there were some larger orders that were longer cycle projects that ultimately has created the pressure as we get into 2018. What I would tell you is that through the sales excellence that we have driven across the businesses, we're now segmenting our sales team with the proper incentives. So we're getting the full mix of the overall projects. And so you have transactional projects, you've got long term, you've got upgrades, you've got longer-term developments. And what I would tell you is that through that process with the sales excellence that we've been driving, we're getting much better line of sight to the mix of projects that we're putting into backlog. And so, therefore, you can then project on a go-forward basis how that backlog is going to convert. So I would tell you that on a go-forward basis, those two lines over a cycle will start to converge.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, I would start, Jeff, by saying we are working closely with advisors, with our board. When we launch this, we're going to look at all opportunities and ultimately how do we position the business not only long-term but also to create the most amount of shareholder value. When we announced this, we said we would provide an update when the process was finalized. We're right in the middle of the process, working through it, and so there's not much more I can add at this point. But, certainly, as we reach a decision and complete the analysis, we'd be positioned to be able to update and communicate to all of you.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, so when you look at what we're going to be yielding here in the second half, we have been ramping up pricing not only in how we're pricing projects, but also when we talk price/cost. It's mainly focusing on our product businesses. What I would say is in the second half, we're going to be continuing to get a lift here in margins. So on the sales orders secured, we're probably picking up 1% to 2% as far as real pricing within that backlog. And then, as we're converting, we're executing better on that and achieving better margins. And so there could be – on the overall pricing side, could be 1% or 2% impact to the overall booked orders.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, as I've discussed here in my prepared remarks, as well as through the Q&A, we have made significant progress in getting to fundamentals of the businesses that are totally visible across the organization and ultimately is what we're focused on in driving improvement. And that starts right from the sales process and making sure that we're now all on one common system, tracking pipeline development, conversion of pipeline to orders, understanding the segmentation of those orders, large projects, small projects, service, service contracts, transactional service. And so we now have line-of-sight to how we're now taking our strategic initiatives. We're bringing those to market, and we're ultimately now converting those from a sales standpoint. From an operations standpoint, as far as margin structure, we know exactly what's coming through our margin structure. And as a result, we've been very proactive in taking pricing actions to be able to offset the inflationary pressures we've had. And normally, we get very strong productivity which, in addition to that, contributes to increased margins year-on-year. And then the last is the conversion of cash, as Brian talked about, getting the fundamentals across the businesses, line-of-sight with the accountability throughout every functional organization and then across each of the businesses so that we know exactly how we ultimately deliver on the cash. And so what I would tell you is that the visibility, the accountability, the incentives that are in place all position us to be able to deliver on those fundamentals and deliver on the commitments we've made.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, so we're certainly we're positioned well across the globe with very strong positions. We have a pretty good line-of-sight to what our customers are doing, not only in the OE base, but also as we serve the aftermarket. And so we work very closely in understanding what they're projecting on point of sale and what do we need to do to make sure that they've got the inventory to be able to achieve their sales plans. And then as we go through that planning, we then make sure as we're executing, we balance that with the ability to pivot if we need to, depending on how volumes come through. And so what I would tell you is through the early phase here, we've done that with all of our customers, both OE as well as aftermarket, and all of that suggests that, given what I would tell you, is that with the softer demand that we saw in this last cycle, some of that converts to higher demand depending on how the weather plays out in the next cycle. And so making sure that we are positioned to capitalize on that opportunity and then working closely with each of our customers to make sure that they have the right supply, the right service to ultimately fulfill the sales for them.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, so there's some correlation there, and what we've been working to do is try to make it a little bit tighter. But what I would tell you is the way the battery fails is you have a severe heat, and then you have severe cold. And a normal cycle in a winter, you typically have two or three cycles of severe cold. And therefore, that's what makes batteries fail. This year, when you look at what happened in the two big bases that we have within Europe and North America, we didn't have those cycles. And so therefore it did impact our volumes in those two key markets. And so what I would tell you, Deane, that we always hope to have a nice hot spell in the summer and then two or three cold spells in the winter, and that typically is what correlates to the failure of batteries and ultimately our demand.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, Deane, what I would say is our goal is not to reject projects, our goal is to make sure that we're positioned with the right solution that leverages our technology and capabilities so that we can create the value that the customer is expecting, and then we ultimately get paid for that value. So there's different levels of solutions that we bring into the market leveraging our technology. And so what I would tell you is that there's a lot more discipline upfront now relative to how we serve the customer and ultimately develop the projects that ultimately will fulfill their need. And so with that, there's incentives from a sales incentive standpoint that's incentivizing our sales teams to get that margin upfront, right, and that ties to making sure that we've got the right solution, the right product and that ultimately we book it at that rate. And so it isn't necessarily walking away from volume, it's making sure that we've got the right proposal, that we're pricing that proposal and then ultimately converting that to higher secured margins.
George R. Oliver: All right. Thanks again, everyone, for joining our call this morning. As I said, we are building momentum. I do expect a very strong second half earnings and cash flow, and I'll certainly look forward to seeing many of you soon.
Brian J. Stief: Think it was generally spread pretty evenly across the businesses. We did see a slight increase in inventory in Power Solutions as a result of some of the lower volumes we talked about. But they did a really nice job on the receivable front in Power Solutions and as well as the Buildings performance in receivables was strong as well. The reason that we've commented that this is really timing between the quarters is there is a little bit of pull-forward, I would say, on the collection of receivables, and we pulled forward a bit of our harmonization of our vendor payment terms in the Buildings business as well. And I would also say that when you look at the CapEx delta between first half, second half, there might be $50 million to $100 million worth of timing there as well. But we're still going to spend the $1.3 billion for the year.
Brian J. Stief: And, Steve, on CapEx, if you look at the first six months of the year, our CapEx was about $500 million, and our guide for the year is $1.3 billion. And so I would just tell you that there's still going to be spend closer to the $1.3 billion level for the full year, but there probably has been a bit of a delay on a few projects that have moved from what were planned to be in the first half of the year to the back half of the year. But the guide is still $1.3 billion.
Brian J. Stief: So the Adient tax payment, we received $200 million, as you know, Gautam, in the first quarter of this fiscal year. We expect the remaining portion, around $700 million, to be received either in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2019 or the first quarter of fiscal 2020. There really isn't an update on the timing yet. It really depends on how it goes through committee and what that process will entail. Given the size of the refund, it's one that could move from one quarter to the other, but we're confident that we're going to get that money by the end of calendar 2019. As it relates to cash flow, first half, second half, we had $300 million outflow Q1, $600 million cash inflow Q2. I would expect Q3 cash flow to be within the range of Q2 cash flow. And then, we would finish it out in Q4, which is always our strongest cash quarter to get to the 80%-plus free cash flow conversion.
