Brian J. Stief: The $150 million to $200 million is still a good number and we're on track to take those costs out prior to entering fiscal 2017.
Brian J. Stief: Yeah, I think, Colin, when we put the free cash flow conversion slide together at Analyst Day, we did have a couple of pro forma adjustments in there for tax payments that would be one-time related to transactions, but we were $200 million ahead in the second quarter and we're $100 million ahead in the first quarter. Some of that might be a bit of timing, but I think the 77% that we gave you, I like to think there's a bit of upside to that, but we're certainly comfortable with the 77% still.
Brian J. Stief: Yeah, I would just add to that. When we came up with the synergy numbers of $500 million and $150 million, that was early on in the process and we obviously had ranges around each of those areas; synergies from costs and synergies from taxes. And I would just say that as we've gone back and looked at the opportunities for global tax planning as well as understanding Tyco's tax footprint and their understanding of ours, that the range that we had for tax, we're still very comfortable that we're going to be able to be within the range of tax synergies that we quoted previously. So I think from our standpoint, it's full speed ahead.
Brian J. Stief: Yeah, I think, what we're saying, Rob, is our tax rate in the near term we think is sustainable at 17%. So when I say near term that takes us through fiscal 2017. The Tyco tax rate, I think, has historically been in that 17% to 18% range. So if you put the two companies together and then layer on, over a three-year period, that we think there's $150 million of tax synergies, I think that's kind of the way to think about it. So as we put the two companies together, we're just going to have to kind of work through what the ultimate rate is. But I think we've been talking in terms of 17% to 18%, and I would say that the guide down to JCI of 17% means that we think we may do a little better than that.
Brian J. Stief: Yeah. So when we talked at the December meeting, we actually guided margins down 50 basis points from 17.5% to 17%, and I think we called out at that meeting there was going to be some China launch costs, certainly, throughout fiscal 2016. So, we're starting to see those now. Even with those, we had a 10-basis point improvement in Power Solutions margins, and year-to-date, they're still up pretty strong. So there will be more of that in the second half of the year. And then, as you know, we're also in the middle of constructing a plant in the north in China, and so I think the investment and some of the launch costs in China we're going to continue to see for a period of time. But I would tell you, sitting here today, when we look at the margins for Power Solutions, the 17% that we guided to in December, we're well ahead of that pace right now for fiscal 2016.
Brian J. Stief: Yeah, we can walk through the math afterwards, but remember that's a 30% – we've got a 30% interest in that joint venture and you're correct, it is after-tax. So we can walk you through those numbers.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah. So I think that what you probably heard and maybe this is a good opportunity to even talk about a little bit is, what you're seeing is, we're seeing an improvement in Hitachi better than what we expected. But one of the things that's causing us a little bit of tentativeness here is we're spending an awful lot of money in the core business outside of the Hitachi joint venture in order to build a pipeline. So our sales efforts in North America, Europe and parts of Asia and South America are outside of the joint venture. And so that will impact our core margins a bit. So when we talk about our margins, it will be very difficult for us to talk about core margins versus consolidated margins, because we're doing stuff in and outside of the joint venture, but I think what we're seeing some – we're seeing leverage on the BE business more than what we expected, even though we're making the investments we're making. I don't know that we have a guidance at this point, but we probably just need to follow up on that.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Well, I think that the early excitement should translate into more synergies. Obviously when you get teams together, they're probably more excited about the revenue opportunities than anything else and that's one of the things that we still haven't talked about and, hopefully, we'll be able to, at a minimum, start giving examples. But what I would say is we want to break out the $650 million. Obviously, the new regulations do have – would have an impact on our tax planning. And so it wasn't without us having to go back and revisit what the tax planning would be to see what we could recover from the new regulations. But I don't know that we're comfortable talking about what the split is, but the new regulations did have an impact on us, but we are going to be able to achieve tax synergies, but they're global tax synergies. It's not always in the U.S. when you look at where our opportunity is. I don't know if you have any more comment on that.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Just wanted to make sure that you also – kind of the news on this was the Adient tax rate was something that we hadn't talked about previously also.
Alex A. Molinaroli: No, in fact, a big part of the integration process is to make sure that as we do our planning that we do tax planning during the – I'm sorry, the separation over the last year.
Alex A. Molinaroli: I think that – I don't know that (33:04) these are mostly contracts, so I think it's really a variable margin play. I don't know that we're really looking at a fixed cost play. So I do think that it's accretive. Now, it's going to come down to the mix of the size of projects. Typically, the larger the project, the lower the margin, but also, it has lower SG&A to go along with that. So I think that we're going to see accretive – the business is going to be accretive as volume runs through it, particularly, as we have pull-through. Again, a lot of this business is not performance contracting business, so a lot of this business is core construction business, which means it's going to drag along equipment and controls, which will have an accretive component to our business. Those are real positives. The other thing that I'd say is around the verticals. We talk about transportation, I would call that really more of a state and local government vertical, which is infrastructure related. That seems to be holding up; education, healthcare. We're also – and we didn't talk about it in our comments, we're also seeing in our commercial business is doing pretty well, and that's really on the back of our CBRE business. We're seeing significant orders through our relationship with CB Richard Ellis. So, we're hitting on a lot of key initiatives and the market seems to be holding up with an 8% pipeline in front of us.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Well, so this is kind of a global picture. If you look at from a global perspective, actually, our large tonnage business is not doing well as more of our mid-market or mid-tonnage spends. And that's primarily driven by markets like the Middle East, markets that are driven by infrastructure spending. When you look at North America, I think what we're seeing is, basically, the same thing. It's kind of a mid-market on revenue, but on the secured, there's some very, very large infrastructure projects. So I think, today, our mix would probably be more toward mid-size equipment. I think that the secured pipeline is looking toward larger projects and larger tonnage.
Alex A. Molinaroli: So, I would tell you, on the Hitachi, we're seeing both the top line has been something that's been a pleasant surprise. Tremendous growth, particularly, in the Asian markets in market share, and we're also seeing margins better than what we expected. So I think, on both counts, we're seeing with Hitachi. As it relates to residential, right now, the plan that we have in residential, we have a lot of new products that are out in the marketplace. We're making some initiatives, but nothing transformative at this point.
Alex A. Molinaroli: This is Alex. So, what I would tell you is that China has been a headwind for us, with the exception of what we're seeing through Hitachi in our VRF business. So that business is growing pretty quickly. When you look outside of China, I don't know that you can point to one particular country, but, across the board, the ASEAN countries were seeing growth. And what I would tell you, as it relates to China, it's kind of a mixed bag. We're – it's choppy. We're seeing some orders. We saw some – I wouldn't call it momentum, we saw some sprouts here in the last few months. We're also seeing some new infrastructure projects that are on the board when you look out west, and so we're hopeful that it will come back with some stimulus money here.
Alex A. Molinaroli: No, actually, it wasn't a performance contract, it was more of a – it was based off of energy savings, but it really wasn't a performance contract, and I think that what you should see is that, over time, I think we'll continue having more activity there, but it's probably something that we are under-utilizing. I agree. It's something that you don't see a lot. I do think that we have a set of new products that makes us more competitive in that market, so we probably haven't been approaching it aggressively, so, hopefully, you'll see more in the future.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah, I think we talked about, about $150 million if I remember the recall that got hung up. I think we're going to see about half of that and the Navy project would be in that half as it relates to projects that were hung up. Moving forward, we still have a headwind around the U.S. federal government related to our historical plans. So, we're not really counting on that this year to save our day until we get kind of through this fiscal situation that we have with the U.S. government. But we are glad to see that we were able to get that project freed up. There are probably a few more, but we'll get about half of what we expected.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Well, two things. One is, the numbers are getting bigger and the second thing is that we're capacity constrained. So, if you remember as we talked about last year, things were happening much quicker than what we expected, and so as we're putting in capacity, we're chasing a little bit here.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Pretty much. Even though you see the basis volume – you kind of have to look through the numbers, but if you look at our unit growth rate and you look at our margin growth rate, you can sort of see it. There's so many moving parts with lead costs and FX, but we are seeing that, and as we're able to continue that capacity, more and more of that will get realized on the bottom line, but, yeah, we're still seeing it.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah, so I think that, for us, the 48 volt discussion is one that's a positive discussion, because as we've talked about our technology portfolio and the fact that vehicles will move from one powertrain to another powertrain, we'd rather see an incremental move and one that's not 100% disruptive, but more of an evolving portfolio. And for us, this is something that we actually predicted. The timing of it is something that's unique around the discussion, but I do think it makes an awful lot of sense and we're encouraged by it. If you look at our investments in R&D, it's directly related to low-voltage lithium-ion products.
Alex A. Molinaroli: No, I think you're – if you think about the cycles of the Automotive business, you'll probably have some pilot projects, but you're really talking about five years plus out just because of the product cycle times.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Well, as you probably know, the Metasys platform has been around for a long time. It's an evolving product platform. And it already has an integrating capability with lots of fire alarm products, including products like the Simplex products through open protocols. I think what you're going to see is a much tighter integration. We haven't really gotten into the details of the product planning. You have to remember, we're still two public companies, and there's certain planning that we can't do until we're further along in this process. But, clearly, when we talk about – and I think Tyco talks about their Tyco On product and we talk about Metasys, that's really a convergence of technology that will need an integrating platform. What that really looks like, the opportunity to look under the cover, we really can't do that yet. So I'm excited about that as part of the synergy opportunity. It wouldn't be the near-term synergy opportunity; it would be like the second wave of opportunity. The first wave of opportunity is going to really be cross-selling and commercial opportunity.
Alex A. Molinaroli: I think that the mix will be very similar to what it's been up to this point. We have actually gained share. There's been a little bit of market growth in North America. Europe has had a pretty mild weather. It hasn't lost share, but it's pretty competitive in Europe. And so what I would expect is that our share will continue to grow pivoting toward Asia, specifically China, and we'll see moderate growth in the other regions.
Alex A. Molinaroli: All right. Appreciate it. I thank everyone for joining the call today and I just want to just to mention, just as I always do, but it can't go unmentioned is that how could you not be more proud of our employees and what they're accomplishing. We've got a significant amount of things going on. If you look at the summer we have ahead of us, it's not slowing down, but I think we can see the path to be clear of all this. Things are becoming much more clear for our employees, for our customers, and I think that the execution that they're delivering on is something to really be proud of. So, I just want to thank our employees and I want to appreciate everyone's great, great questions, and sticking with us through this transformation. We're going to be – we're a great company today and we're going to be an even be a greater company, a great two companies when we come out of this. So thanks a lot. Have a great day.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Well, actually, I think, on the slide in the deck here, when we talk about the Adient separation, we're just finally icing that with our advisors. The first turn here of the Form 10, it won't have the dividend in there, but that's something that is top of mind for us and we're working with Brian and his team on that.
Robert Bruce McDonald: It really just relates to some business that we have that's rolling off. So, as you know, the last couple years, we had some business losses that we didn't renew in Europe and so we're just sort of seeing the tail-end of that.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Well, first of all, it's great progress, and I think when you think about the rationale for spinning off the Automotive business, it's really been because we wanted to free up Automotive to reinvest the cash flows to grow the business. And so, if you were to look at our reinvestment ratio in the Auto business compared to our closest North American competitor, what you would see is our reinvestment ratio is about 30% to 40% lower than theirs. And so, our growth has been stunted because of our lack of commitment on future CapEx and engineering expense. So it's not that we are chasing things at lower prices here, it is – our business – and probably the best way to think about (46:01) around for a while is, we have a long 20-year, 30-year track record of aggressive growth in Automotive and we're giving them back the access to resources and let them flourish again. And that's what we're seeing in the first half.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Well, yeah. Keep in mind, Joe, it's a global joint venture. So, roughly speaking, it's a little bit more than 50% is China and the balance of it is North America and Europe, just to remind those on the call that maybe aren't familiar with it. But we – this joint venture, we basically took Johnson Controls' business, which was a global Interiors joint venture, or operation, and combined it with Yanfeng's business, which was almost all in China. I think they had one North American plant. And really, the rationale here was combining the Chinese cost base that they brought and access to low-cost tooling and capital, and marrying it up with our global footprint and our global customer relationships. And what you've sort of seen there is putting that all together, is we've got a business that's got a return on sales of more than 6%. That's somewhat stunted because of the costs that we're incurring to set it up as a separate entity. We see good strong growth and we've got a global business that's growing nicely. And we see the $7 billion of – that's lifetime awards of revenue, so it's not the same as our backlog. But that – if I looked at that backlog, that's the customer validation of the investment thesis and I think if you look underneath that, about two-thirds of the new business is Daimler, BMW and Porsche on business, and that's a global mix, so it's not just winning it in one region. So, great customer acceptance, the marrying of the customer relationships and the cost base, it just has played out perfectly for us and we're real excited about how that venture's starting off year.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Yeah, I don't think the – maybe after the call, Kathie can straighten you out there, but I think it's not quite – I don't think its $50 million from the Interiors joint venture. But your point is actually bigger than you said. All of our Chinese equity income, which is more than $50 million in the quarter is all after-tax income, and I think one of the things that, from a value perspective, is generally speaking I think people give us an EBITDA type multiple on our equity income rather than a PE type multiple, and I think there's lost value there.
