Olivier Leonetti: So, if you look at next year indeed, we are modeling in our guide 10% of price and about 1% of volume growth. In Q1, the volume will be much higher about 3% with the pricing about 10%. If you look at today, our order velocity today, which includes discounted pricing is still growing as we said in our prepared remarks, Q1 order is actually being very healthy and actually it’s accelerating in Q1 relative to Q4. So we believe that the value proposition of our offerings are resonating. The backlog is strong and we believe we can command this kind of pricing, Andrew. 
Olivier Leonetti: So, what we indicated in our prepared remarks, is that the wider range add two scenarios from a macro standpoint, a base scenario which is what we believe is to be the most likely case which will be the top quartile of the guide. That would equate to an EPS range of $3.60 to $3.50. Why do we believe it’s the base scenario?  Few reasons for that. One, at the macro level, the economy we are facing is still growing. If you take the U.S. 51% ABI is still strong. PMI at about 50%. So no indication today that we have a slow down. That’s for number one and number two, our order velocity is still very strong and we mentioned what those numbers were for Q1.  We have various incentive programs around the world in the U.S., Europe. We have a strong backlog. We have a very resilient service business and a strong commercial exposure. So we believe that the base case is a top quartile guide.  Now, we are also listening to what is happening out there and you have some economies, some CEO mentioning that we could have a slowdown next year. We believe that the worst case scenario from a slow down standpoint would translate into a GDP based economies estimates of zero to 1% in terms of growth and we wanted to give you a book of how we perform in the case we would have a major slowdown of GDP. But today, that’s not what we are facing, Andrew, hence the top-quartile reference. 
Olivier Leonetti: Of course. So, if you look at the elements of the guide, today we see the business for services to be strong. We expect the service business to grow indeed 11% give or take and so our business to be low-double-digits and global products to be in the mid-teens.  Price cost would be positive of course, it was already, Steve, in the year. The price cost equation is still going to be dilutive though next year as we are not fully realizing covering the inflation we have been facing. That will be the main points regarding the guide, Steve. 
Olivier Leonetti: So you're right, we are going to have a modest increase in capex that was embedded in our free cash flow guide regarding M&A. We have a very active pipeline. We are looking at tuck-in M&A. We're going to be careful about how we deploy cash, particularly in the current climate and we will invest mainly in our digital and IP acquisitions for our global products, Jeff.
Olivier Leonetti: No change. The reserve does not include litigation recovery. The litigation is ongoing, and we believe we have a strong defense, including our government contractor defense, Jeff. We also have, as you know, insurance coverage. And at this point, we believe that any financial impact on our company is not probable and/or estimable. So we have not reserved for this particular item.
Olivier Leonetti: On the supply chain, we expect the supply chain to normalize half through fiscal year '23. It's still improving sequentially but we believe we are now going to be back to our normal state until midyear. That's point number one. Point number two, on SG&A, and that is embedded in our guide. We actually expect to deliver more productivity savings, and that is included in the guide we gave you, Nicole. And in terms of buyback, as we have said now for a number of quarters, we want to deploy 100% of free cash flow to dividend and buyback. We expect dividend to grow with earnings and the balance to be in buyback, that would be about $1 billion in buyback, Nicole, embedded in our guide.
Olivier Leonetti: So our backlog is about $13 billion. We believe that a large proportion of that should convert next year. And again, going back to the conversation we have had about the guide. That's why also our best case would be a top quartile in terms of EPS range. The backlog will give us a nice coverage. An additional comment on the backlog. This backlog is very resilient. It's associated with very bespoke projects, which are capital tied for our customers. So they want that to be delivered to them.
Olivier Leonetti: You're right. This is a prudent assumption. If you look at Q1, where we have more visibility, volume is actually three points of the growth, which would be back to historical average. We are planning for the year, a lower level of volume based upon us being prudent. And that prudence is also reflected in the guide in the second half as well in the best case.
Olivier Leonetti: You are right about all of those. So in terms of interest, that's the by-product of the interest rate rising. We are not factoring any significant increase in the level of debt and pension income is indeed going to decline. That's the assumption.
Olivier Leonetti: No, you're right. If you look at the impact of the disruption on next year, we are modeling about 40 basis points 4, 0 and if you look at the incremental before – including the disruptions, the incrementals, I expect that next year to be at about 33% net of disruptions. Excluding them, in other words, we should be at over 40%, Joe.
Olivier Leonetti: In the order book, the level of pricing has increased in Q4 relative to Q3 for our field business. The level of orders and price into it is about 1.5 points higher than it was in Q3. So we're in more than the mid-teens pricing in orders. So strong pricing based upon the strength of our value proposition, I would say, Josh.
Olivier Leonetti: So our guide is 80% to 90%. There are two elements into this. One, to your point, we are growing – we are going to grow at a steady pace. That is going to be using working capital. If you look at the number of days, we will improve all the elements of the cash conversion cycle to improve. DSO will keep improving. That has been a theme now for a number of quarters, DPO, the same. DIO will improve, but will not go back to the '21 level yet. We believe it's going to be our item in financial fiscal year '24, Deane. 
Olivier Leonetti: So orders is still strong in Europe. Actually, in Q4, we see the order growth improving. And if you look at the margin profile of Europe, it's not where we want it to be, but we see it improving as well. It has improved sequentially in Q4 versus Q3, and we expect that to be the case still as we go forward. So far in Europe, so good, I would say, Deane.
Olivier Leonetti: I mean, clearly, and I'm going to state the obvious here, Jack. When we put our guide, the environment was very different. Inflation, COVID, supply chain, war in Europe, FX, all those were variable, which were not part of our guide. If we are – if we do not have a slowdown as and a GP of zero to one next year, which is not the expectation. If we meet our base case, the guide for 2024 is still within reach. It's going to be more difficult. But if you were to do a squeeze, the revenue you need the margin expansion you need and the EPS expansion you need to reach our target is going to be harder, but still within reach. A lot will depend, Jack, on what happened this year from a macro standpoint.
George Oliver: Yeah, I'll take that, John. As it relates to the DOE 2023 and the cutover, we are going – everything is going well and on plan. And when you look at more than half of our residential portfolio is meeting the DOE 2023 requirements, which have been launched and we're on target to launch the remaining pieces of the portfolio before the required conversion dates. What we've seen is customers can order – place orders for the products that are already launched. And we're providing customers the opportunity to prebuy products before they're actually formally launched. Now we've been working through the existing backlog and inventory to ensure a seamless transition. We are about 100% done. Cutover is complete in the South, and we're working on the cutover in the north by year-end. Commercial products are on schedule and set to launch through the balance of the calendar year. And so overall, we're on track. And I think a lot of the investment that was required to be able to meet those requirements has been put into place, and we feel very good about the way that we're executing on that. I think as this transitions, that will provide a tailwind for us. As you know, we've had a large backlog in residential this year. We've been converting that backlog. We've been timing this transition appropriately with the launch of the new products. And we feel, as we go forward, not only do we get higher price on the new products. But as we now get our run rates better, improve now with the launch, we see significant pickup in our ability to be able to not only reduce the backlog, but be able to then take on new orders with our capacity expansion in residential.
George Oliver: John, let me add some color on that. When you look at our global product businesses and how that played out through the year, certainly, we had a low first half and then we had a pretty significant step up here with our seasonality in Q3. And we've continued to improve our supply chain to maintain that pace as we get into the first half of 2023. And so we've seen a nice recovery in our units. As far as our supply chain recovery, it has been across our applied in building management system products. We've had a little bit of a constraint within our residential, but as I said earlier, that is being addressed with our capacity expansion and through the conversion now to the DOE 2023.  We've got all of our suppliers now on a recovery rate that supports a run rate through the first half that gets us positioned to recover a lot of the backlog in the first half as we ramp up for the seasonality in 2023 in third quarter. So we've made a lot of progress. Our supply chain teams have done a heck of a job working through this, and feel confident that we'll get back to normal lead times and normal backlogs by the end of 2023.
George Oliver: Julian, let me comment on that also. In the first half, we're trying to take the backlog here in the first and second quarter. Typically, we do go down seasonally. And then we're – given the progress we've made in the third and fourth quarter, we're trying to pick up some of that backlog in the first part of the year. Certainly, we get the leverage on that. We're – on a year-on-year compare, we get much better leverage on that. And so, I think – and then it turns, in our field-based business, we're working to get back to our normal turn rate in our projects where with this supply chain disruption over the last 18 months, we've – anywhere from a month to two in our ability to turn projects. So we see that improving during the course of the year. So you'll see some acceleration of that in the first half as well as our units with our recovery of our product-based businesses. And so I think that's – some of those – those are some of the fundamentals that are playing out in the numbers.
George Oliver: Well, I'd say – I'll take that. I'd say the pipelines that we're currently working on, both in direct and indirect continue to be strong. We continue to convert at the rates that we've been here in the second half of this year. We're actually projecting a very strong Q1 with orders. And so we're watching this closely. The one area that we'll watch is in the residential space, given that we think we're at the peak of the market now and what is going to play out there. Now for us, it's because we've been constrained with our capacity. And with the supply chain disruptions, we have not been able to convert at the rate that we could if we had the capacity. And so now on a go-forward basis with our recovery, we'll be able to take on more orders there with the new product that we're launching. And so net-net, obviously, we're watching it closely. But I think we see – we still see good momentum across the businesses.
George Oliver: Yeah, we have been very disciplined with pricing on services and not only with the traditional more of the mechanical services. But as you know, we've been enhancing our services with OpenBlue and with connectivity and new software applications.  And so that's where you start to get a higher mix of service as we add on those capabilities. Overall, we've been able to more than offset the cost as we have across now all of the segments. And so I think on a go-forward basis, as we get a higher mix of connectivity, higher mix of software services, we'll start to see a real accretion on service margin rate. But we've – obviously, while we've been expanding, we've been very disciplined on the pricing that we're getting for the value proposition that we're providing to our customers.
George Oliver: Yeah. So when you look – you got to look at the mix of heat pumps, Scott. We're about – of our HVAC portfolio, we're about 50% heat pumps and that spans pretty much all of the platforms. Now as we're creating these new value propositions around decarbonization and electrification of these units, certainly, there's a pickup in margin because there's a higher demand as we're launching these new products. And so that mix will continue to improve with the new products that are being launched. We've seen good strength in our industrial refrigeration business. Even our Hitachi business has a high mix of heat pumps, and we're putting those heat pumps. We're seeing good growth in Europe as well as across the globe, actually, but a big pickup in Europe. And so as we're making the investments and the demand signals are increasing because of decarbonization, sustainability and the value proposition that these bring where we're getting incremental margins as a result.
George Oliver: No. When you look at our pricing across the segments, we've been – obviously, our book-and-build business and global products, we've been very aggressive, Scott, in making sure that we're recovering. With shorter cycles, we've recovered all of the costs through price and we're going to get back to the margins where we were previous to the ramp-up of inflation.  On the field-based businesses within install and services, we have – with the project-based business, as you know, we – when we – you go back two years ago when we were projecting cost, we were under costing projects because we didn't factor in the level of inflation that was experienced. Now that all was fixed a year ago. And that's been – as you see now, the mix coming through the field project-based business, is very strong, right, with the pricing that was put in place as a result of now taking into account the – all of the costs and even some of the disruption costs that we're experiencing.  So the project-based businesses are very high, recovering the margin that previously we were short on. On the service-based business, it's lower because we maintain the value proposition, and we haven't seen the amount of inflation that comes through the mix of our services that we provide. And so – but again, we're offsetting cost. And then with the value proposition that we bring with OpenBlue with the digital offerings, we then accrete margin in addition to that with those value propositions, Scott. So it's lower than the 9% of just pure price cost. But now we're going to get a higher mix because of the additive services.
George Oliver: Yeah, Joe, I'll take that. We've done incredible work over the last 18 months when this all got turned upside down because of lead times and all of the critical components being extended and more than double the lead times is really what started the disruption.  And as a result of that, we've done a lot of good work around how do we commonize all of our components and ultimately then get aligned with our strategic suppliers and getting the volumes that we need not only short term, but supporting the growth going forward. And we've done that pretty much across all of our commodities. And obviously, the one that initially impacted us was the microchips and semiconductor materials, and we're fully lined out on that now in a good recovery position as we go forward. And so we are seeing, on a run rate basis, good improvement as we're heading into Q1. And so as we've been, we've been very proactive.  We've been – I would say now, as we look at our run rates of being able to reduce our backlog, we're now getting suppliers aligned and getting firm commitments that we can meet these run rates to ultimately bring this backlog down and achieve the growth that we're positioned to achieve in 2023. Our supply chain team has done a great job. Our manufacturing sites have been keeping production going while we're continuing this recovery of materials. And we went from $65 million in the third quarter to $50 million in the fourth. We expect that to be reduced again in the first quarter. But we do – this is – we've got everyone lined out to a recovery rate here for second quarter, so that as we position for third and fourth, which is our seasonal high quarters, we're going to be well positioned not only to have recovered our backlog, but now to be positioned with lead times that are very competitive in our ability to be able to take on additional volume in the second half of the year.  And that's what we're positioned to do. So even though we have a little bit of headwind still with disruption, we've been pricing that disruption in our go-forward pricing. And then with the offsetting some of the headwinds is the additional COGS and SG&A work that we're doing to lean out the company and offset any additional headwinds that we might achieve. But overall, I would tell you from where we are from six months ago to where we are today, we're in a much different spot.
George Oliver: Yeah. So when we look at backlog and we look at our run rate, we're pretty well positioned here through the first quarter because of our backlog and the run rates that we're achieving across each one of these product businesses, we're actually trying to – on these markets that are unconstrained, meaning that there's even more growth that we can go after if we can commit cycle times that are lower.  We're actually doing that to fill in additional volume later in the year. And so what we're doing is, in the first quarter, you do have less days but we're targeting to try to maintain our run rates across all of our sites at the same level that we had in the fourth quarter. And so to your point, does that give us an ability to be able to not only achieve the – it gives us good ability to achieve the forecast we've made. And then as we track that in Q2, we believe that, that will continue. So at this stage, we feel good about where we are and we do see continued improvement as we get through the first half of the year.
George Oliver: What I would say, Jack – Jack, I'd add that when you look at the secular trends that are underway, some of these are entire recessional relative to the decarbonization and the demand that we see there with a lot of the incentives that are being provided.  And so that's going to help and we see that now playing out with heat pumps and there's a lot of different parts of the business that's benefiting from that. Services. I think even during this period of time, services are going to be more attractive because of the value proposition that we're providing not only operationally to help our customers, but also aligned to being able to achieve their net zero goals. And so there is a lot of fundamentals when you look at the space we're in and the strategy we outlined that we're confident that we're going to get to those fundamentals. It's just a matter of what is the timing because of some of these environmental events here that's having an impact on us.  But we're completely confident that we have the right product technologies, combined with now OpenBlue in the way that, that now is accelerating, our ability to be able to build services and recurring revenue and really attack what we see to be very attractive growth vectors, which is decarbonization, sustainability, healthy buildings and more around this whole – how do we create autonomous buildings that is an incredible value proposition that we can bring to our customers. So that hasn't changed one bit. It's just a matter of timing with some of these environmental factors that we're weighing in. 
George Oliver: So with that, operator, why don't we close the Q&A. As we continue to execute, I'd say I'm very encouraged by our progress. We're in a very strong position to carry out our strategic initiatives, continue to showcase our leadership and support of our customers' mission-critical needs, and we see that every day expanding.  I'd like to thank our Johnson Controls colleagues worldwide for your continued efforts. Our customers for their ongoing support and all of you, as we enter the next fiscal year and continuing to build a better, healthier, and safer future in 2023. So thank you all for joining. I look forward to speaking with many of you soon. Operator, that concludes our call.
