Glen Ponczak: Well, good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before we begin, just want to remind you of our forward-looking statements. That Johnson Controls will make forward-looking statements in this presentation pertaining to financial results for fiscal 2012 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements, the company cautions that numerous important factors, such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, the strength of U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts, changes in the levels or timing of investments in commercial buildings, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of the company's most recent Form 10-K filing, could affect the company's actual results and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by or on behalf of the company.  In just a few moments here, Steve Roell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Controls, will give an overview of our second quarter results and take a brief look at the balance of the year. He’ll be followed by Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will give a more detailed review of the business results by segment and a financial review. That will be followed by questions and answers, and we expect to conclude the call at the top of the hour.  And with that, Steve.
Glen Ponczak: Yes. José, we'll open it up for questions. [Operator Instructions] José, we're ready to take questions.
Glen Ponczak: Chris, it's Glen here. We didn't really talk on revenues on BE for the balance of the year. We didn't change any of those expectations. But certainly -- so we didn't reiterate that number. Certainly, you're right when you look at where we are the beginning of the year, the softening of our markets. That's not a number that we confirmed.
Stephen A. Roell: This is Steve. I think the -- let's go back to the strategy itself in the quarter. We really have seen continued success in terms of the quoting activity. They had a big backlog coming in for both those transactions. And again, the trend from the OEs is to disaggregate the complete seat award into the components side. And so we certainly are seeing the increase in our backlog. We'll share the new backlog with you in October at our analyst meeting, but you should expect that to be a strong backlog. So it’s continuing. The strategy, we believe, is very much the right strategy just given the -- how the OEs and more OEs are doing that practice. So I feel pretty good about what's there. I think we realize we've got a lot of -- as we've gone through the acquisitions, we've learned not only what's their value in terms of their capabilities, in terms of process and product technology, but they were very, very good at launch. And so we've actually borrowed on some of their expertise to help us in some of our prior launch initiatives as well.
Stephen A. Roell: We've also had -- one other comment I can make, as well Bruce, is the fact we've had a lot of requests from our Chinese partners to locate -- bring the technology into that market. So we're currently facilitizing [ph] in China with our JVs there.
Stephen A. Roell: But I think also the fact that there is such capital intensity and the fact that there aren't any competitors who really have that -- not many competitors that have that global capability that Bruce described earlier. So that allows us to protect and improve those margins.
Stephen A. Roell: There's a lot there. Let me try a part of it, okay? Rod, part of the strength in the second half is the improvement we expect in Europe, again, okay? If you recall last year, we had a lull in our margins in the first half and then by the time we got to the third and fourth quarter, I think we ended the year with about a 3% margin in that business, okay? If I look at Europe, I would expect us to see, probably, something close to 3.5%, 4% margin in Europe in that fourth quarter. So we do see that, and that's a function of the fact that our launches are improving, that our cost of containment and the quality issues are also being reduced. So sequentially -- I'm trying to go back to your question sequentially, we continue to see improvement in terms of our, what we call, cost of portfolio, which is really nothing more than our containment cost. And as we shed that, we also see that the launches that we do have are -- in terms of readiness, are in great shape. We've been able to go through with the issues that we had, and given the combination of our -- where we think we are in the design validation and production validation, we feel very good about that. So we expect a consecutive -- sequential improvement in our cost quarter-over-quarter, but also year-over-year as a result of that. Bruce, you're [indiscernible].
Stephen A. Roell: And maybe let me just elaborate just for a second on what Bruce just said about resources. When we launch a program, it's what's called an SDT team. It's a strategic development team that's comprised of advanced manufacturing, advanced engineering, quality financial people, and where we got behind was the staffing of those programs because they got pulled off in programs that had issues. So we've actually been adding that talent, that advanced manufacturing, advanced quality talent, all the way through the last 9 months to the point where we know we're fully staffed right now for all the launches we have. And so what we're looking going forward, the key from our year-over-year performance will be our ability to launch all the new programs we have over the next 3 years flawlessly. That's our objective.
Stephen A. Roell: At the end of the first quarter, Rod, that's right. We talked about $150 million in SG&A reduction, primarily in Building Efficiency.
Stephen A. Roell: The key thing we were trying to do, Rod, was get our run rate and SG&A below last year's level, and we have achieved that really out-of-the-box from September. But right now, we're probably running probably 3% lower than last year on a monthly basis, okay. And that's a big number for us in that business.
Stephen A. Roell: Now let me go back and tell you what I think, Chris. We will -- I can give you some guidance, okay? If, first of all, the backlog we've got today is -- the 3% growth is not going to be indicative of where we think we'll be at the end of the year. And we've talked to the management team. We've looked at the pipeline and backlog or the order activity, and we believe that by the end of this fiscal year, our backlog will be up somewhere in the 8% to 10% range. Secondly, I guess, I would tell you, and I've said this before, because of the cost reduction initiatives that we've initiated, I feel very confident in some significant margin improvement in BE in the second half of the year. And I continue to feel that as we've gone through our forecasting that we'll be very close to the guidance that we provided at the beginning of the year. But that's probably the one that I feel very good relative to how we're going to handle the market and how it's going to play out in the second half.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, I think that's fair. But I would tell you that I think the outlook we have for this quarter and for the second half has been something that we've had in mind since the beginning of the fiscal year. This is not different, okay? So some of the actions they've taken from a cost standpoint was really there just to protect us in the event that volumes did soften in the industry in the second half. So again, I'm just going to reiterate, I feel very confident in the second half performance by Building Efficiency.
Stephen A. Roell: We're expecting some pickup in the North American service business in the second half. We did start to see that occur in March. As you can imagine, with the warmer weather in North America, we thought that might occur, and we did see that. So we're hoping we'll get some of the improvement there. But I'll be honest with you, our forecast isn't predicated on volume improvement as much as it is execution, so that's what I would say is going to drive that business. There's still a sense out there that some customers are deferring maintenance. And so that's why we're not going to bank on it. We've got an early start on the spring season, but from our standpoint execution will be the key, not revenue growth in service on the second half.
Stephen A. Roell: This is Steve. Let me give you some general comments about things that persist here that would go on. I'm going to probably take it in a different direction to begin, then I'll come back and talk about auto. Two items in Power Solutions. We're currently at full production right now. We're using all of our capacity, and we're doing that because of just the demand that we see. So we will be at full capacity in Power Solutions from now through probably going into the first of December. So some of you may not be familiar with that business, but at this stage, we are not weather-dependent. This is where we begin to stock, and given where we believe the market is, we'll have to go at full production in North America to be able to meet demand. So that's one factor. Second thing is the subtlety of that price increase, that went up in Power Solutions, the 8.5%. That price increase is not to recover ongoing cost in the context of material costs or freight cost. That is really to offset capital investments that we have to make relative to environmental improvements. So that margin, that price increase will go -- that's effective May 1 -- will go directly into margin in Power Solutions. So that's something that's probably a subtlety that some of you may not realize as well. In the segment of auto, the key thing there is the issues that are persisting, I think, because we've described to you the fact that we really are getting some of the -- I'll call them, programs that were engineered 3 years ago, that those are behind us, we feel good about where we are in all the new engineered programs. And so we would expect to see sequential improvement going well into 2013. We still have a lot of ways to improve, not only on our operations, which I think gives us good opportunity to improve profit quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. But also, I think we're also focusing on our commercial excellence relative to how we negotiate change management. So I feel good about the sequential ability to improve our business quarter-over-quarter, but that will extend into 2013. And in my mind, that's a good thing because we do have year-over-year comparisons we can make. That's the best I can give to you.
Stephen A. Roell: They're not -- those -- I guess, I wouldn't tell you it's those projects. What we've done with the price condition, if you recall, I brought in Bill Jackson. And Bill’s worked with Dave Myers and his team at Building Efficiency on how we price our solutions business going forward. So they've got a different -- whole different ballgame and playbook relative to how they price new contracts, not really into restructuring the existing ones that we have.
Stephen A. Roell: That's correct and beyond. And I think, Brian, at some point, we'll go through and describe what that means and how we get there. But we think we've got as much as a 400 or 500 basis point improvement opportunity in the solutions contracting work we do.
Stephen A. Roell: Pat, this is Steve. Let me try something. I guess I would tell you that we've learned some lessons here over the last 3 years relative to staffing levels and having capabilities to execute programs, too. And so I think we're working extremely hard to get our workforce planning done, and let me tell you how that comes into play. There's probably -- and I'm going to use an estimate. There's probably $1 billion worth of business that we're passing on right now. And a lot of it pertains to the fact that we just aren't going to overextend our resources and take on marginal jobs where the execution risk is high. Now we're still going to have good growth, so I don't want to mislead anyone on that. We're still going to have good top line growth and growth in our backlog, but I do think that our disciplines and our ability to just to walk away and not bid on programs is really a reflection of the risk that we see, whether it be material price recovery, or in this case, it's really a function of do we really have the resources that are going to be available to execute the program. So right now we have more opportunities than we can bid on.
Stephen A. Roell: Well, I guess, in terms of large deals, there's nothing that we would want to take on right now with our balance sheet. I think we always look at opportunities to invest in technology. Things that we're looking at right now would be, primarily, engineering-technology related, but we're not going to expose our balance sheet at this stage. That's not our intention, okay? In the automotive side, particularly, we have to continue to further integrate the metal transactions in fabric. So I don't see anything significant for us in 2012 or early 2013.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, we are. I just confirmed with our leaders in China. We've got exposure to a couple of OEs that are particularly strong, particularly SAIC, with our joint ventures with both Volkswagen and with General Motors. And those volumes are strong. If you look in the quarter, I think, the production levels were up 24% in those JVs. So as we look at the balance of the year, we feel good about that 8%, 9%.
Stephen A. Roell: No, we're still in discussion, and in fact, there's meetings next week to talk about that. We're going to be making decisions soon because we do have a lot of requests from our customers to get the facility running [ph] there.  Okay. Well, listen, thank you very much for your questions. And we'll be here to help Glen and Dave with any follow-up questions. But thank you very much for coming on the call and expressing your interest. Thank you. Have a good weekend. Take care.
R. Bruce McDonald: Maybe one thing I’d maybe add to that -- it's Bruce -- is in addition to -- there's been a lot of talk about component sourcing, but one of the trends that has definitely materialized as we had expected is source -- global sourcing of the structure in particular. And so with the acquisitions that we've made, we really have an unparalleled global footprint versus our competition, and that really has positioned well for us to quote and win some of these global structure awards, which are starting to manifest themselves both within the customer, but also customer groups are coalescing and asking for a common structure as well.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, no. I think the profitability on metals is higher than average. So when we made the acquisitions, we upped our sort of margin guidance in automotive from a previous range of 6% to 7% to 7% to 8%, and that's really associated with the higher profitability that we see the metal area being able to deliver. And we need those margins because capital intensity in that business is higher as well.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I think, Rod, I think we talked with you early in the quarter, and I know we've had several discussions with other analysts here. And given our revised guidance, we talked about the fact that we did have some at-risk launches in the pipeline. And I think we said we had 4 or 5 in particular that we -- weren't in the shape that we would like them to be and in the guidance that we provided at the end of our first quarter, we said we tried to take a realistic assessment on how those were going to flow. One of those launched in this quarter. It wasn't great, but it wasn't as bad as some of the other ones we've experienced earlier. And as Steve's mentioned, if you look at the sort of status of those ones that we still have on our watch list, they continue to get better. But they're not going to be flawless. They're just too late. But we're confident that we're going to continue to make improvements. If we just look at the metals plant in North America, if you look at the rate of improvement we have to our containment cost in the quarter here versus Q1. So we know how to do it. I think in the guidance that we've given, we factored in where we think they're going to come out, and our teams are making good progress. We've also added a lot of resource to try and minimize the financial impact sort of ahead of time here. So we're adding cost to sort of make sure that we don't go into production and stub our toe.
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, it would be both. I mean, we did take some restructuring in Building Efficiency that's going to give us, I'll say, probably another $30 million or $40 million of run rate savings over and above that number. And that will start kicking in here in Q3.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I mean, obviously, I think in -- I don't have the number right in front of me. But I think in Q1, we were at like 0.8. I think we're at like 1.3 or something for this quarter. So we still have a longer-term goal to get that unit up to a 2.5% or 3%. But yes, we didn't have any of the ramp-up or the efficiencies that we have associated with some of the new business are coming through like we expected.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I can touch on that. I think if you look at the -- I think in Q1 our margins in Asia were 15%, which was exceptionally high. In Q2, they were 13%. The year-over-year increase in the first quarter was more attributable to China, Tim. In the second quarter, as I said in my comments, maybe you missed that, most of the increase was due to Japan. If I look at our equity income coming through in China, it was flat versus last year. And the reason for that is we've got one facility that we are in the midst of closing and moving. Our facility is actually expropriated by the government. So it's something that we knew was going to happen. And then, we've got some start-up costs associated with a couple of new joint ventures. So if you look at the underlying profitability of our like, say, a same-store-type comparison of our JVs, we are up slightly, but the combination of this plant move and some start-up costs associated with some new joint ventures pushed the absolute level of profitability in the quarter to be sort of flat. Versus Q1 then, as I said, there's 200 basis point reduction, that will really be those start-up costs in this facility that we’re moving.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, maybe I'll take the CapEx one first. You're quite right. We do typically tend to be back-end loaded, but that's not going to be the case this year. I think we've guided to -- I think $1.7 billion is our CapEx number, and I would say we're going to be in the $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion range for the year. So we're very atypical this year in that we're much more front-end loaded than in the past.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, first of all, while we do have some sales to the Japanese customers through nonconsolidated, the bulk of them is consolidated, and especially in North America. But just to give kind of a bit more granularity, if you look at our sales by customer and I was to compare that to the production increase in the quarter, we are down in 3 customers, okay? And I'm not going to get into which ones or which platforms on the call. But those declines, where we have an adverse delta to the industry, is directly related to programs that went out of production in the quarter, that were in production last year and weren't in production this year. And we didn't rebid those contracts because either the profitability didn't meet our hurdle rates or we were unable to get -- in 2 of the 3 cases, we could not get material indexing, commodity recovery indexing in place. So if you kind of go back into the late 2009, early 2010, what we said we were going to do, particularly in North America, was we had to de-risk our business. For us, that -- one of the key tenets of that was getting commodity recovery mechanism in place with our customers. And if we were unable to do that, we decided we were not going to bid for the renewal contracts. So it wasn't a case of these are contracts that we lost money on, that we didn't rebid. You should think about this in more of a risk mitigation strategy, and we're seeing the impact right now. But I think you could kind of feel bad in terms of the short-term impact here. But we took a much longer-term perspective here and felt that for us to earn the returns that we need to make in this business for shareholders over a longer period of time, it was critical for us to get the indexing in place.
R. Bruce McDonald: And I think you need to look at it in the global perspective. You're focusing just here on North America. If you look at our $4 billion backlog, it's very heavily skewed towards Asia and Europe. In those markets, we are a lot more successful in getting the cost-sharing agreements with the OEs. And so if you just say, well, where is there the best use of our resources? It's in those markets. And so if we go back to the 2000 and time -- 2010, our backlog, I mean, we talked about North America was negative. There was really a shrink in North America, and our growth was all in Europe and Asia where we felt the risk profile better matched our appetite.
R. Bruce McDonald: Rich, with our investments in smelting, we actually are disadvantaged by lead going down now. So our vertical integration benefit is higher depending on the higher lead. So it's actually the fact that lead last year or I think, in the quarter was around $2,600 a ton, and this year, it's in the $2,100-type range. There's actually a headwind year-over-year, but not material.
R. Bruce McDonald: No, that wouldn't have been a factor. I mean, if you look -- if you sort of look at the North American automotive decline year-over-year, I think last year, what was it, 7.2%, and this year we’re at 5.4%. The main factors would be -- for that delta would be the metals plant that we're starting up. And so we still have costs associated with that, although they did improve a lot in the quarter. That would be the single largest item. The loss of the 3 pieces of business that I referred to wouldn't be accretive or dilutive.
R. Bruce McDonald: It's going to be in that $80 million to $90 million. I mean, it could be $100 million. But in the $80 million to $100 million range, I'll say. It is kind of choppy.
