Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls’ first quarter fiscal 2022 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. Joining me on the call today are Johnson Controls’ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver and our Chief Financial Officer, Olivier Leonetti. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you that during the course of today’s call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review today’s press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we have included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted earnings per share, EBITA and EBIT exclude restructuring as well as other special items. These metrics, together with organic sales and free cash flow are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to the presentation posted on our website. Additionally, all comparisons to the prior year are on a continuing ops basis. Now, let me turn the call over to George.
Antonella Franzen: And Julian, I would just add that if you are talking about Global Products specifically, I mean, the leverage in that business for the year is going to be around 30%.
Antonella Franzen: And the only thing I would add is we are clearly seeing share gains, which clearly shows that we are outperforming the market. And that has been, I would say, pretty steady across the board. We gained some significant share in Applied, particularly in chillers in North America over the last 12 months. And we are also seeing gains in share in the Fire & Security portfolio as well.
George Oliver: Before we move on to the Q&A portion of the call, I wanted to announce a quick update to my leadership team. This will be Antonella’s final earnings call, and she will be pursuing a new role outside of Johnson Controls. Antonella has been one of my constants, really, since I first joined back Tyco back in 2006. She has been an invaluable resource to me personally, and I’m sure she has been to many of you for more than a decade. She has been a fantastic leader, a trusted adviser and a friend. And so now, I can’t thank you enough for all that you have done for me for the Johnson Controls team and for the company. I couldn’t be more happy for you. I know I speak for all of us when I say we wish you all the best and we look forward to hearing more about your success in your new role. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
George Oliver: Yes, Andy, what I’d say is service is a significant area of focus in our key growth accelerator. In addition to the traditional service business, digital now, the new OpenBlue offerings that has really helped us to increase our attach rates. And then not only would that attachment, be able to now launch a lot of new digital offerings that then enables us to be able to get more revenue per customer and ultimately deliver different outcomes. And so as a result, you saw our service orders were up 7% in the first quarter. That was led by double-digit growth in North America, although we did see growth across all regions and domains. And we’re also seeing our L&M business come back with more access to our customers. And so when we look on a go-forward basis relative to your question on attach, we do expect our service orders to continue to grow. And so when you look at the attach rate, it is built on the digitization of our services. We’re planning to launch 20 new service products and offerings in ‘22, and this is where we’re taking our OpenBlue capabilities and actually delivering an indoor air quality level or clean air delivery rate or sustainability solutions, the energy reduction solutions, all of the above on top of what our attach and our core business would be. And so we’re very excited about the progress we’ve made and more important now with the pipeline that we have on these new service offerings that gives us the opportunity to not only attach more. But with that, would connect more, attach more and then ultimately deliver additional services on top of that connectivity.
George Oliver: Yes. So let me start by just giving you the framework for service and the work that we’ve been doing over the last 18 months and more important, how that’s playing out this year. We’ve got about a $6 billion service business, about 60% of is recurring today and obviously, very proud of the progress we’ve made. And it is the focus of our growth vectors. And so when you look at the installed base that we have, historically, it’s been underserved and much of that was served with mechanical services, Jeff. And so what we’ve been doing is over the last really 18 months is getting everything really going after that installed base to get it connected so that we can then attach so we can take existing mechanical PSA and/or new PSAs and attach with that connectivity. And then with that connectivity, be able to now begin to deploy some of the new services, whether it be connected chiller services and focusing on uptime of the chiller or a reduced energy of the chiller or indoor air quality solutions. We’ve got an array of solutions that we’ve now launched that with OpenBlue gives us the opportunity to tail into our air quality solutions for the verticals that we support. So, all of that has been going on. When you look at the current, our projection is that we will grow our service business 200 or 300 basis points above the market. And to your – specifically to your point, it’s all been about operationalizing service. So we’ve got a huge installed base, get it connected. And then attach when we’re going after either renewing our existing PSAs and/or generating new PSAs we then get an attached connected PSA and then it’s ultimately selling more. And we’ve already launched 12 digital offerings. We’ve got a pipeline of – it’s probably $300 million or $400 million of opportunity that we have to go back into that installed base and be able to bring these services to them. And so when you ask about what is the connectivity, we’re at a very low level today based on – we have our security business, which 100% is attached. But when you look at the other businesses, we have a much lower percentage. When I say connected and with an attached PSA – and so we’re going to – we’re working through that to forecast what that’s going to mean not only through the year, but throughout years and what we can achieve purely with what’s connected that then has a PSA attached to it. But that’s fundamental, Jeff, to our ability to be able to improve our – the way that we’re measuring today the 400 to 500 basis points of improvement and then our ability to be able to then generate more revenue per customer because of the new solutions that are being now offered to where we have a connected PSA.
George Oliver: Yes. So let me frame this up for you, Scott. Number one, I couldn’t be more excited about the capabilities that FogHorn, the software that they have brings to our OpenBlue platform. So you need to think about this as the edge AI is going to become a critical technology to own when it comes to the future of smart autonomous buildings and in many cases, across other industries. And there is more value to being created at the edge because it can be real time, it can be more dependable analytics. It reduces the data being sent to the cloud, which is obviously lower cost, more secure, and it also improves the system resiliency. So it can operate, whether it be offline or without connectivity. And so we see – let me give you a number here. We see edge AI penetration increasing six-fold through 2025. So when you think about an autonomous building, there will be more sensors, more AI deployed, more analytics. And by pushing that to the edge, ultimately with the capabilities that I said earlier is what ultimately makes it really attractive. And so for us, this was a buy versus build decision. We would have caused almost as much and probably would have had lengthened our development cycle another 2 years to establish the same level of the commercial success that FogHorn has today. And so you need to think of this as supplementing our product development for a product that we would have actually accelerated on our own spend. And then it catalyzes the creation, what we would call our JCI AI Hub in Silicon Valley. That’s where FogHorn is based. And it’s allowing us to maintain the key engineering talent and now take what we were doing previously within JCI and put that together within the COE. And if you look at their capabilities compared to what we have seen elsewhere across the industry, it is widely considered best-in-class, and I would say has the most advanced portfolio among their peers. So, this – think of this, Scott, is this an accelerator of our ability to deploy our AI solutions with OpenBlue, specifically to the verticals that we support that ultimately creates incredible value for our customers.
George Oliver: They have an existing customer base where they were developing and developing vertical solutions. And so we have been working with them, as Olivier said, over the last year, and so as they were advancing with their capabilities with our channel and the work that we are doing with OpenBlue just totally opened up the opportunity now to expand the market that they are serving.
George Oliver: Yes. Just a comment on that, Nigel, when you look at the backlog, the backlog is up 12% year-on-year. When you look at HVAC controls, we are up about almost 20%. And so you would attribute it to all of the strategies, not only in the new product developments that are – the new product that’s coming to market, the focus on decarbonization on energy savings and now a significant lift on indoor air quality. And when you look at indoor air quality, we are up nicely year-on-year after delivering $400 million in total. This would be across the globe last year. When we look at our orders here in Q2, we project those to be up about 45%. And so it’s a combination of not only good core growth, but now seeing the opportunity the way that we are executing on the growth vectors. And now when you look at even services being up nicely in North America, that is an output of the work that we have been doing strategically.
George Oliver: So, when I look at the supply chain disruptions overall, and it is weighted towards North America. It is driven by labor, a broad base. Now, what I would say inside our four walls, so within our manufacturing facilities and within our install and service business, we have been very effective in getting the ramp-up of labor that ultimately is required to continue to accelerate our growth. And so when you look at – I mean the disruption that Olivier was talking about is really driven by our supply chain chips and coils and other components that ultimately we have been adjusting to and making sure we are working around to mitigate the impact. And so we have been very proactive, not only on the labor front ourselves, but we have been also engaged with our suppliers. And so we have been very actively engaged with their labor situation to make sure that we are utilizing our labor services to ultimately get the labor they need to be able to keep our manufacturing facilities operating and the like. And so what I would say, it certainly is what I would say, the underlying challenge within the supply chain. But I would tell you, based on what I see, we track this on a weekly basis, we are making good progress and then we are working with our suppliers to do the same.
George Oliver: Yes. I mean when we look at our applied business, Steve, and the work that we have done, making sure that we have got a full lineup and we have been reinvesting in new product and the like. So, I think we are seeing some upside from that. I think overall, we have seen a nice recovery, and we have capitalized on that with some of the new products. I would say the focus for us has been on low-GWP refrigerant technologies, next-gen air cool technologies, a lot of electrification with heat pumps and heat transfer units and then in our JCH business, the VRF technology. So, I think a lot of these are aligned to where we see the market going and ultimately now capitalizing on those trends around sustainability and energy efficiency. And so, that’s the underlying what we see to be the – driving the underlying demand. When you look at our performance in applied, both sales and orders were up low-double digits in Q1. And now a lot of this was – there is a few verticals driving this. We see strong demand in data centers and healthcare and that’s globally, and that’s driving a lot of demand for our air cooled chillers specifically in North America. And then the other, I think what’s helping this demand also is this the retrofit projects that are focused on sustainability, decarbonization, healthy buildings, which ultimately brings together our combined capabilities beyond just the equipment. And so I think that what’s driving it to your question of how does that play out over the rest of the year. We believe, as Olivier said, not only with the underlying demand and now with the strong pricing activity that we are – overall, I think it’s following the demand for the overall company, which is high-single digits. And we see our backlog, not only our order pipeline, but then our backlog that we are developing continues to grow. And we have backlog today that now is up over 10%. So, I think it’s – a lot of these demand streams converging that is ultimately playing out for us as we had planned with our strategy.
George Oliver: Yes, so let me just frame up OpenBlue, because I think this is a very important fundamental. So, it’s really at the center of everything we are doing. So, as we talked about today, not only how we are pushing intelligence to the edge at our products and driving that now with FogHorn in our digital capabilities. But through all of this, whether it would be OpenBlue Bridge, OpenBlue Twin, active responder, Performance Advisor, cloud, location, all of these capabilities then play out not only enhancing our ability to get more installed base, but then differentiating that base with services. So, we have launched these eight major offerings. We have now incorporated those into our digital services. And when you look at our digital products and service revenue, we are up high-single digits. So, that is tracking with the investments we made. And now it’s really now embedded in selling it as a solution. So, whether it be a project where we deliver energy savings or decarbonization or indoor air quality as a solution that’s embedded in the solution. And then within that solution, we get higher margin and then we get a connection that gives us the ability to now add additional digital services. And so the benefit for the customer is improved uptime like by 66%, higher efficiency, smart buildings impact, we can impact energy by 50%. And so all of our solutions are based on creating these outcomes that ultimately generate a return for our customers and we see this over time, as we have said before, up to 10x the value creation with how it differentiates our equipment, the solutions that we install and then the base we build to allow us to be able to deliver additional services on top of that connection. That is the framework of OpenBlue.
George Oliver: And Josh, just to add, when we look at our – these new solutions that we have launched around net zero buildings and now the indoor air quality as a service. We have got a significant pipeline that we are now in the early stages of developing and beginning to convert. And that does begin to change not only the solutions and the installed base that is created with those solutions, but that gives us the installed base to ultimately get connected and then ultimately build – continue to build out the services. So, I believe when you look at the full cycle, we are seeing that with the projects that are in our pipeline and how we are beginning to convert. And that’s why as Olivier said, we have been increasing our sales force because we believe that with all of the pluses and minuses that we are positioned for a nice steady stream of growth here that we are positioned to be able to deliver on.
George Oliver: Yes. So, if you look at our – when we talk about labor at our facilities, at our manufacturing facilities, we have been managing around shortages, and we are getting some disruption there because you have to run smaller lots through the manufacturing process and you have to do more changeovers per shift and the like. And that’s why we saw some disruption there. Why the field is greater is because when you look at North America, for instance, we have 18,000 people in the field every day on jobs. And so it’s really based on schedules and making sure that we are deploying that labor efficiently that they are going to be able to perform their work when they go on site. And so you can imagine in this environment, with all of the changes that are happening daily, we are operating at an incredible level to maintain not only the full employment, but ultimately supporting our customers during this period of time. And so I think the value proposition, as we have been able to – I just looked at our January numbers as far as our hiring and we are spot on what we need to hire to ultimately support the growth the rest of the year. And as we work with our recruiters and the way that we are presenting ourselves in the market, there is a very attractive value proposition with the work we are doing with ultimately the growth that we are positioned to achieve and then ultimately, the problems that now we are positioned to solve for our customers. So, when you put all that together, those are some of the drivers, what’s driving our success. But to your point, it is – anyone that’s within the supply chain today, there is a level of frustration because you – every day, you get a curveball and you have to work around because of the shortage or the like. And to your point about our customers, we certainly are governed by the projects that we are supporting and ultimately their schedules on site. And we are trying to work that proactively so we don’t get many surprises. But you can imagine when things don’t show up, then you have got to pivot and redeploy. And that’s – we have been doing that extremely well while we have been navigating through this period of time.
George Oliver: So, let me wrap up, and I will thank everyone again for joining our call this morning. As we have discussed here, we have had a very strong start to the fiscal year and the underlying momentum we are seeing in our business and the recovery within our verticals is very encouraging. And although the environment will continue to be challenging, as you have seen here, our teams across the board are executing extremely well, ultimately delivering for our customers and for our shareholders. So, I would just like to end the call and thank Antonella again for just an incredible run and for your leadership, your friendship and the impact that you have had on all of us and on the company has been phenomenal. So again, thank you for that. And I do look forward to speaking with many of you soon. There is a lot of conferences coming up and we are looking forward to further engagement. So, on that, operator, that concludes our call.
Olivier Leonetti: Andy, thank you for your question. So you’re right, the environment is still challenging. We – and this challenge is impacting availability of parts, availability of labor. And obviously, we are facing a high level of inflation. And the impact on our field business is in two aspects. One, first of all, our operation is impacted, but also the one of our customers. And as a result, we mentioned that in our prepared remarks, we had price/cost negative about $15 million in Q1 and a headwind also due to the disruption of our field business of about 18 million. So the sum of the two is a margin headwind of about 100 basis points. Now something I want to say is that despite this environment, we have been able to deliver the profit dollar we had committed to you. And actually, from an EPS standpoint, we are at the top end of our range. A few reasons for that: one, pricing, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we have included 4.5 points of price in Q1; second, we are facing strong demand and the value proposition of Johnson Control is really resonating with our customers; third, we have also been very disciplined regarding the management of our P&L from a COGS and SG&A standpoint. As a result, you saw the bottom line we have mentioned. So we believe that the headwinds are going to start to be better as we go through the year. We’re going to have a headwind in Q2 about 80 basis points. And for the rest of the year, as we revenue orders which were booked at a much higher margin and we have strong visibility of this in the second half we will expect to have a tailwind regarding the margin performance of our business.
Olivier Leonetti: An additional point, Scott, if I may we had worked with the team for about a year and we are very pleased with the technology and also very pleased with the culture of FogHorn. So, we believe it’s a great fit.
Olivier Leonetti: So, let me speak about the guide in aggregate. If you look at – I am going to talk about Q2 quickly and then talk about the full year. For Q2, we expect revenue to be high-single digits. If I give it to you by the key operations at Johnson Control, we expect services to grow mid to high-single digits. Install, we expect installed to grow at mid to high-single digits. And we expect also our global product franchise to grow low digits, so continued strong performance. And we expect those trends to keep going for the full year. Fire & Security is doing very well, but you see that the full portfolio is doing very well as well. We are very pleased with the commercial HVAC also applied shares we have had, our new product portfolio driving sustainability for our customers is resonating. So, Fire & Security is doing well, but the full portfolio is doing well as well, Julian.
Olivier Leonetti: So, in aggregate, as you can see from our guide and what we said earlier, Julian, you see that price cost is going to become more and more of a tailwind for the company. The reason for that is we are now recording revenue for orders, which were priced at a much higher margin. And we see that playing also for global product, but also the entirety of the portfolio. So, let me repeat some of the numbers, headwind Q1 100 basis points, headwind in Q2 80 basis points. And for the second half, a tailwind due to price cost of about $40 million and the net for the year of about 60 basis point headwind. And an important mention is that the underlying margin is very strong, and for the year, will be at about 110 basis points to 120 basis point increase.
Olivier Leonetti: Not really. I mean if anything, we see mix starting to be more positive as we sell more services, more digital offering, as George mentioned earlier.
Olivier Leonetti: No, we are very pleased with our North America business. As we have mentioned in our prepared remarks, the North America business has been highly impacted by disruptions for its operation, but also the operations of our customers. But if you look at the underlying demand for North America, we have been growing orders in the quarter twice the revenue rate. Clearly, the value proposition of Johnson Controls in North America is resonating. As we mentioned also, we are investing in sales force to satisfy the demand. Now we are not able to realize it yet, but we will in the second part of the year. So, we see the North America revenue to keep growing, and we see also the margin rate to keep improving as we go through the year.
Olivier Leonetti: So, if you look at the field orders today, they are growing at 8%. We mentioned that if you look at the 3-year stack, the increase is steady. We believe that from a volume standpoint, the growth is really attractive. And as we deploy more of our capabilities around OpenBlue, around digital services, around indoor quality and the like, we believe that the growth in the field would keep growing. So, so far, it’s performing largely as per our expectation, Josh, and more to come.
