Bruce McDonald: This is Bruce here, hi Rod. I don’t really think so, I think when I look at some of our commercial settlements, I know we reached an agreement with one of our customers and we had to make a year-to-date true up and we had some supplier retro-settlement. So I would say probably on the commercial side if I was looking at year-over-year, is probably unfavorable muted the margin improvement. So I would view that as timing within the year not structural by the way.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. Rod, I would say on the auto side, we have been, if you sort of look at this year, we have been pleased with our mix. So, if you look at the vehicles that were on, they have done well on the market generally speaking, the customers that we have high exposure to have done well, particularly in Europe on the premium side. If you – Alex talked about the metals wins, I think we probably have quite a bit of the different view I would say in terms of the growth of our metals business versus a year ago. So I think we have been very successful capturing some components business here on the metals side. And that’s enabled us the sort of pull-through seating business wins that we hadn’t expected that China BMW is a good example. We really won that business from a competitor, because of our metals capability in the region. So, it’s probably not going to affect ‘15 or maybe even ‘16, but I think going a little bit further out, I would say, we feel more positive about the components growth in that business being more than the market.
Bruce McDonald: Well, we – what we talked about was doing $3.6 billion over three years and we have done – we frontloaded that this year. And so I think we are committed to doing what we said we are going to do. We are not looking at bringing it slower if that’s your question and we are not thinking about deferring it. But I think what you are going to see is as we get in, we are going to – we are not probably going to do what we did this year, which is buy $1.2 billion in Q1. I think we are going to get into more of a normal pattern and acquire stocks throughout the year.
Bruce McDonald: The action here that we did in 2014 was really because of such a big change in strategy. We decided to put our money where our mouth was and announced the buyback at do it at the same time.
Bruce McDonald: No that would be as reported through AHRI and that is North America. I think it does include Canada.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. I think Brian the quickest things that we are going to see from a revenue side will be they make things that we buy. So switching our buy on things like filters, grilles and registers and things like that to ADT that’s going to happen pretty quick and those things are on new work are being sort of specified right away.
Bruce McDonald: The channel things like us selling some of our – their products through our branch or vice versa. It takes a little bit of time as we – there are some branding issues and there are some training of our sales both sales people. And so that’s underway and I would think we would start to see that towards – it’s not like years, it’s few quarters out.
Bruce McDonald: I’ll give you a little bit color. I am glad you asked the question underneath the numbers. So, that 17% was for the quarter, 22% for the year. You are right this quarter seems to be a deceleration. What’s really great to look at the numbers you look underneath the numbers, we had almost a – if I can do the math there, almost a 15-fold increase in the only purchase of these batteries in North America. And so we are finally starting to see and I think if you look at just watch the television or watch what’s being announced. Start-Stop is becoming standard on a lot of products, both Chrysler and their Jeep, the Focus, the Malibu. You go across our portfolio our customers here are starting to use the product and so we are seeing that. So, even though we are getting more moderate growth now in Europe, because it’s become more standard, where we are really seeing the growth is from a small base is in North America. So, I think we are going to see the rate continue, it will be less dependent on Europe and more dependent on North America and China.
Bruce McDonald: That’s a good question, David. It has – we do have orders in ADT, but it’s very short cycle. And so there is – we are still sort of deep diving this, but right now, our expectation is there will not be an awful lot of backlog if any.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. If I look at the underlying profitability of the metals business, in China we have made great progress there. And just maybe to quote some numbers before we made the acquisitions, our seating market share there is in let’s say 40%, in our metals market share we talked about being 2% or 3%. If you look at the business that we have won there what were in the 15% to 20%. So we have taken our share up from say 2% or 3% to 15% to 20% and that business we have launched a brand new facility and it is up earning double digit returns. If you look at the metals business that we have and this would be a combination of the JCI, the Keiper and the Hammerstein in aggregate outside of China. So in North America and Europe in the quarter our return on sales was just a shade below 2%. And if we looked at this quarter last year we were in the red. There it’s a longer – it’s a little bit of a longer path. Colin to get to the target we talked about because we have got and we have talked about this before is what we have got to do is we got a lead tool our plants to get to standardize the manufacturing process. We got to standardize around the 2D product. And so we are working our way through I would say we are probably half way through the process of rationalizing the plants, getting the process standardized on the 2D products and trying to switch over some in-flight customers to our go to product line. So we are about halfway through. We are not sort of behind how long we thought it would going to take to do that. But that’s sort of the timetable because we have got to roll things off before we get to those targets.
Bruce McDonald: I know the orders that we saw and they are relatively small, because we only had them for two weeks, but when I was looking at the numbers prior to the closing, we are really looking Joe at something like around upper single-digit year-over-year order growth.
Alex Molinaroli: Rod just - this is Alex, if you look underlying numbers, metals continue to improve and Europe continues to improve. So, I can’t point to what you are asking, it’s a good question, but the underlying operating margins are improving.
Alex Molinaroli: I think we are probably, we see the same thing you are seeing. I am not ready to give those numbers, it’s a little complex. And I mentioned it in the building efficiency conversation. We are seeing pipelines that are improving, but I would like to be able to see that a little bit more so maybe next time, we get on the call we will be able to talk about that. We just have been burned a few times, so I just want to make sure we don’t kick that can again. But we are seeing underlying orders improved. And then obviously that market is a little different than automotive than what we expect and we had lower expectations for Europe.
Alex Molinaroli: It’s a good question, Rich. I don’t see how we can make significant changes in market share. I think our cost position actually is pretty good. And I think our product is doing well. We have seen our fixed cost dramatically lower, but we have a business that has been under shared for a long, long time. So, when you look at the replacement market, your disadvantage around channels and some of the actual footprint replacements. So, I think we are going to have to do something little more structural. I mean, that’s the best I could do for answering your question. We will continue to make incremental improvements, but we need to give them some structural help.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. So, our teams are working hard together. They are now getting to the point where we are having real conversations about the numbers that we said that we couldn’t see we now can see. And so, we are vigorously working together to see if we can make this happen as soon as possible. So, I guess the good news is we are getting close. We are really talking about making this happen sooner versus later, but I still don’t think as we are going to see this until maybe first quarter – our first quarter and probably the end of that.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. So this is Alex, what I would – here is what I would talk about. We do a very good job of tracking our pipeline with our direct sales force. We have done this for over a decade, probably decades. And so what we are able to do we track our pipelines based on the previous year just like we would do anything else. And our models because we have been doing it so long are fairly accurate. And what we have been seeing is and that’s how we talk about our forecast we have been seeing is it just continue to be trending down and trending down. What we are seeing for the first time is a couple of months of some larger projects in some of the institutional markets. The reason I am hedging my bets is after we have had this long downturn I don’t want to say the market is back, I am just saying that we are starting to see some good news which I haven’t see in the past. So I know that that sounds a little bit of weasel, but I think at this point we kind of earned because the market has been pushed along. So it’s good news, that’s all I can say, I just don’t know – I can’t for sure if it’s a trend, but we are watching it closely.
Alex Molinaroli: No, the orders didn’t improve what we are seeing – so that would track more like the architectural index because what we are talking about tracking projects as they become developed.
Alex Molinaroli: I think maybe one thing that we had in our slides just to be pointed out is with the ADT acquisition we have doubled our exposure on the light commercial side. May and if you were to talk about the light commercial excluding residential we have probably quadrupled it. And so that part of the market is showing the most signs of life. And so we have gone from having say $300 million or $250 million exposure there to now versus here at about $1.3 billion of exposure there. So I think if – I am hopeful that as we get in the fourth quarter that we see having more exposure to that sort of the market, that sort of gives us some tailwind.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, it is, not all of the vertical. So, it’s in some more than others like healthcare still seems to be stretched up. But some of the government business seems to be improving state and local government, federal government we are seeing those pipelines improved significantly. And that – and we are also – what that also means is if there are larger projects. If you dig underneath the numbers we cut things between below $750,000 projects and above $750,000, where we have actually gained business although we have grown is in under $750,000 things that we are creating ourselves. What hasn’t been on board are these large, large projects. And so what we are seeing is some of the large projects come back. And that’s what really drives the backlog and sometimes the lumpiness of the backlog. And that’s the good news that we are seeing because the large projects have been gone for quite sometime.
Alex Molinaroli: Well, we have program costs. We will have some restructuring. We will have costs that are related to the integration. So we are getting at it pretty fast. As it relates to what products, how quick we are getting the products to go through, I think we will have more information on that but where we are starting is the products that we can essentially swap out or easily move through the channels. They will obviously have the other products that we will have to do some development or tailoring for the channels, going both ways. So I think we will start seeing it fairly quick. But obviously, it’s going to have to ramp. We have to get our customers and our distribution chain to be able to sell these products.
Alex Molinaroli: We will although start seeing some synergies next year, I am sorry I don’t have the numbers in front of me, but they are on the workflow, they are going to see some growth during the fiscal year, next year. But quite frankly the biggest advance, the biggest integration savings we will have next year will be more on the operational and cost side because that is easier to get after.
Alex Molinaroli: Well, so I will answer, this is Alex. First, I think that our opportunity to grow is not in the institutional markets, not because of the market because we have such a strong share and so what we are doing is we are writing the market right now. But our share in the institutional market is significant in North America. And so what we need to do is broaden our channels and broaden our product line. ADTI gives us both products and channel, Hitachi gives us products. And I would say it’s sort of a mid-market light commercial access, it’s not really residential and that becomes a story unto itself. I answered the question earlier that we still would have to do something different in order to grow in the residential significantly. But all the stuff that we are doing is expanding our reach within the marketplace.
Alex Molinaroli: They have capacity, they have open capacity. And we do buy from them mostly dampers, but we do buy some other things, but there is lots of opportunity for us purchase more.
Alex Molinaroli: That’s a great question. I think that we are so early in the pipeline moving up. I don’t know that I can answer that. But when we see things happen in the pipeline, it’s a forward look around six months, that’s what we track. I mean, we track other things, but that’s the framework. So, a year ago, we would have tracked a six months forward pipeline. Today, we are tracking a six month forward pipeline. And then they factor that based off of what the probabilities are of us winning and the project going ahead. So, I think that, that’s sort of taken care of, what’s not taken care of is how fast it will revenue. What’s taken care of is through our pipeline is it really measures year-on-year the same timeframe for when we can secure the project. So, from a quote to secure I feel good about the numbers. From a revenue standpoint, I can’t really speak to that yet.
Alex Molinaroli: That’s right. Yes, that’s because of our focus on large, large projects. And so what’s happened as our – the bad news is we have had less large projects, because they haven’t been out there. The good news is that our churn rate around our revenues is actually go up right now. So, when we secure something smaller, we can see that revenue quicker and that’s one reason why you see our revenues not as bad as our sales secured, because we are flowing quicker, because we don’t have the large projects.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, probably closer to zero. It looks more like our equipments business. We are not, except where we add product to our branch channel, where we wrap our installation around it, that’s usually where we have a backlog. Like I talked about earlier, equipment orders are up 9% and it really doesn’t show up on our backlog. That’s ordered from the factory and this will be very similar since it’s going through reps.
Alex Molinaroli: I think if you look at our inventory, I would say we are bloated, we have some inventory, but that’s more of a management issue and operational issue. I think the channels when I talked about what was happening in Europe, I think the channels are not extended. I think we are in pretty good shape from a channel standpoint. So assuming that, with whatever normal is I think we are going to be fine. It’s pretty hard for me to figure out normal anymore, but whatever normal is, they are not overstocked. I don’t think there is anything unusual about the inventories in the channel.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. I don’t have those numbers. Yes, we can get those. That’s something that we have readily available.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, that’s right, that’s right. The numbers that we have that are most robust will be North America. And for us, we are heavily weighted in North America than we are certainly in Europe, so that’s a North American number.
Alex Molinaroli: No. No, I think that if you remember the last call I was a little bit frustrated, because I think you guys were frustrating, because we haven’t been able to or haven’t either been able or haven’t really showed the numbers underneath. Our equipment share has been growing and growing. So, this is not unusual. We are gaining share in the equipment business. We are adding new products in our light commercial and we have been gaining share in the heavy equipment business, but unfortunately, that’s not the large part of the market. So, the largest part of the market is what we are trying to participate in the commercial. So, our branches and our direct selling force is doing great. Our products are doing well. That’s not so unusual. Maybe next time we can talk about what our share improvement has been in that part of the market. That’s what leaves us to say we just can’t screw down much further. We need to keep working on the other channels in the lighter products.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, right. You have our performance contracting orders which as you know are very lumpy. They are a little bit soft and then we have that large construction project, very large $70 million that’s VA Hospital, we call that out last year. And so those words become very lumpy. So, what you are seeing is the equipment orders are fine, but when we wrap it with our construction services that are building services, that’s where it’s been softer, where we do integrated systems for customers on performance contracts, those kind of things.
Alex Molinaroli: Well, what we have done is and that what the team has done is we have been able to substantially lower their cost structure. And now we can take advantage of that in our quoting going forward. So – and I think it’s – that’s probably the best indicator. I think that our biggest concern going into the year is we thought fairly confident we can get the cost out. And in fact we are seeing improvements of I think it was over 40% improvement in the quarter and earnings. So, we are really seeing the earnings story improved. What we didn’t know is could we translate that into orders. And so we have got this, this is indicative, not only this project is very large, but there is other projects they are working on. So, I have turned where we are having trouble growing in some of these segments or the market is not participating. I am feeling better and better about GWS. And it has a lot to do with the fact that they have got their cost structure in line.
Alex Molinaroli: Absolutely, we are – we will double those margins and then hopefully improve on top of that for the overall business.
Alex Molinaroli: This is Alex. I guess what I would say is we are – I don’t think we are – this is going to be ongoing process. I would say that it’s not going to be a one-time where we review our portfolio. I think as we understand better and better where we add value. There is more and more opportunity and where we can grow and where we can make more money for ourselves and for our shareholders. So I would say that we are not done, we are never done. I can’t really get into specifics but I think we have got some work to do yet.
Alex Molinaroli: I will give you a live example of that. One of the things that we are working quickly on is tracks. And what we see right now, the only thing that’s in our way is to make sure that we got our customers comfortable with it. And we are largely there. If we get all of our customers that doesn’t help us a whole lot to get 80% of your customers – if we can get all of our customers to switch we don’t have to wait for new models. And if we saw some progress on that great progress and so I think we are going to start seeing at least in some of the components, but that’s what we are having to do right now.
Alex Molinaroli: You won’t even see the backlog. There maybe a little backlog, but you won’t even see it. So, what will happen is our business will get more and more disconnected from our backlog. So, when Bruce talked about our service going up, that doesn’t run through our backlog or lot of it doesn’t run through our backlog. We sell parts. That doesn’t run through our backlog. We sell to distribution like residential and like commercial. That doesn’t go through our backlog. So, what happens is as we go down market through distribution or the type of products we are going to have is we are going to have to start talking about little bit differently, because our backlog is really relates mostly to contracted work. And that’s mostly large projects.
Alex Molinaroli: I am sure it comes up. I mean, it would be naïve to think it doesn’t come up, but we have obviously continued to be engaged in that. And I think people understand that it’s a great business with great capability. So, I don’t – I think in the end it hasn’t cost us anywhere as I am sure that we have to do more explaining that we have been asked, but I don’t think it’s hurt us. I think what’s hurt us has been our cost structure.
Alex Molinaroli: So, where we are now is we have two plants. So, we have filled one and we are filling the other. We are also converting the first plant that we put in place to some of that volume will now become AGM volume. So, we will go through a little bit of a change there, but essentially we have 14 million units capacity right now.
Alex Molinaroli: Well, I am pretty happy with the growth that we are having in seating business. I like our China position. And I’d like to get the profile of that business to where we see has been growth-oriented, particularly because of the China exposure. And I am hopeful that everyone just like myself will see that as core.
Alex Molinaroli: Sure. I just want to close by saying that I have made a big effort to make sure that we are as transparent as we can and we talk about the market as we see it. And I know we hedged our bets a bit on the building efficiency. I do believe that we are starting to see something, but I am just not willing to commit that the market has turned completely, but I do think we are well-positioned. And so as we keep making the investments that we are making, it just strengthens our position in the building efficiency business. I am pleased with the progress they have made in the market that’s not growing. And when we come back, a good example is the UPG margins being up 3.5% for the year. That bodes well for our future. So, I want to thank our employees and I just want to make sure that everyone understands it. We are going to continue to meet expectations. And over a period of time, I think we are going to be happy with the top line. That’s it.
