George Oliver: Thanks, Brian. Before we open up the line for questions, I want to provide you with our outlook for 2019 continuing operations. Let's start by walking through the year-over-year impact of the significant items embedded in our 2019 guidance on slide 16. As I mentioned on the fourth quarter call, we expect mid-single digit organic growth and buildings, which will drive approximately $0.20 of earnings. We expect this growth to be primarily driven by improved volumes and price. We will also have the continued benefits of synergies and productivity savings in buildings in corporate, which we will realize over the course of the year they will contribute an additional $0.19 cents of earnings. Additionally, as Brian discussed the benefit in fiscal 2019 related to the deployment of a portion of the Power Solution sale proceeds is expected to add about $0.05 of earnings. The carryover impact of the sales force investments as well as a few cents of incremental investments in our product businesses are expected to total about $0.07. As you are all aware, the U.S. dollar has continued to strengthen. Based on quarter end rates, we expect this to result in a $0.06 foreign currency headwind year-over-year. Lastly, as you can see, there are various other items, which led to a $0.10 headwind with the most notable being a $0.03 headwind from tax and a $0.02 headwind from both pensions and amortization. All these factors contributed to our fiscal 2019 EPS guidance range before special items of a $1.75 to a $1.85. This represents growth in the range of 10% to 16%. The full detail of our guidance is included on slide 17. Lastly, as a significant portion of the benefit related to the deployment of the Power Solution sale proceeds will benefit fiscal 2020, I wanted to provide a framework for how our earnings are expected to progress as we move forward. As you can see, on slide 18, the incremental benefit of proceeds deployed in 2019, additional share repurchase in 2020 and a reduction in corporate costs is expected to contribute an incremental $0.50 to $0.60 of earnings, which takes our fiscal 2020 EPS in the range of $2.25 to $2.45. This would be prior to any operational growth or benefits from additional capital deployments. Recognizing that we will not receive the full benefit of our reduce share account in fiscal 2020 there will be an incremental benefit of $0.10 to $0.20 in fiscal 2021. Over the last two years, we've been merging two businesses into one and have made a significant amount of progress. During that time, we have reinvested heavily back into the businesses. Now, it's about capitalizing on those investments with how we are going to market. We have been building backlog, which provides us visibility in our field businesses. We've been strengthening our service business, which tend to be more resilient and our short cycle products business is seeing good growth across all three platforms. We are watching closely what is happening economically around the globe and our focuses on execution, and delivering for our customers. We feel good about our position in a very attractive market, and we expect to grow our underlying operations at or above the market for industrial peers as we look ahead. With that, let me turn it over to our operator to open the line for questions.
George Oliver: That is correct. As I said, we're very much focused on executing on the strategy, delivering on the growth, delivering the operational performance, and ultimately delivering results, and our plan today is to take the proceeds from the Power Solutions sales, and as we have said, deploy those as quickly and as efficiently as we can as we -- once we complete the transactions.
George Oliver: Well, Gautam, as you know we've been investing heavily back into our products over the last three or four years. We feel very good about our portfolio and the progress we've made and -- with the new products we bring into market, although we are not a leader in that space today, we feel very good about the progress we're making with the share gains that we're making and how we're positioned for the future. So at this stage, we're continuing to focusing on executing on the investments we've made and ultimately delivering the results.
George Oliver: Sure. As you know in 2018, we made a lot of progress, we started off with a lot of headwinds and through the course of the year executed extremely well, executing on price. And as we planned for 2019, we not only took into account all of the inflationary pressures on the commodities, but also the impact that we're going to see from tariffs, and so we feel very good about the progress we've made and what we continue to make that we've got not only the inflationary pressures, but the tariffs fully covered in our plan. I would suggest at this stage, we'll see -- of the margin improvement, there's probably 10 to 20 basis points of margin improvement that's attributed to price. And I would tell you across the board, cross all of our products as well as across all of our regions we're now seeing margin accretion as a result of the strategy, the pricing strategy that we've deployed.
George Oliver: Now as you know, we've been investing extremely heavily, reinvesting over the last three or four years across each one of the product platforms in what I would say is across the board we are gaining share with the investments we've made, with the new products we're bringing to the market. Brian went through the details here, but if you look at our building management solutions, a combination of all of our digital businesses, we're growing low double-digits and that's a result of the reinvestments we're not only making in our Metasys building controls, but all of the other electronic platforms that now are going to be integrated within our Metasys platform. And so we feel really good about the position that we have in that space. If you look at the other segments in the HVAC space, you know, residential, we're seeing a nice growth across the globe, and that's a combination of what we're doing in North America as well as within our Hitachi JV. In North America, we are seeing -- I think if you look at the last year, over the last year we've had very strong double-digit growth and as we see ourselves going forward, we see that continuing. So the investments we're making there have been very, very strong. The other is in the light commercial. We're seeing very nice growth in the quarter in our light commercial business globally. That again is double digits. And then when you look at our applied business with the investments we've made not only in our chillers, but in our air handling equipment, and the deployment of that in new projects, we're seeing very nice pickup in share gain, pretty much across the globe. And so I think it's a factor of both the space -- the HVAC space is continuing to expand and with the investments that we had been making and executing on, it's given us an opportunity that within that expansion, we're enabling ourselves to be able to gain share.
George Oliver: Yes, so as we look at this space, we do see the institutional vertical is coming back pretty strong, and as you know that we have a very strong position in that, you know, if you look at our North America applied business, when you look at our orders, our orders are up mid-teens, and as I said earlier, a very strong sudden push [ph], and I think that again is because of the verticals we support, the investments we're making in the new products, and then our go-to-market in making sure that we're getting more than our fair share as we execute on the pipeline. Our pipeline right now is up double digits across the globe, and so as you look at our orders globally, we achieved 7% with a backlog up about the same, and with the confidence that I have in the pipeline and the way that we've been converting on that pipeline over the last three or four quarters gives me confidence that we're going to be well-positioned here to deliver on 2019 and beyond.
George Oliver: Yes, I think it's going to be consistent and we will continue to be backend loaded. I mean, if you look at our building's profitability it's in the back half of the year. So I think you can look at this and assume it's going to be pretty consistent with what we've seen historically. First quarter is a cash outflow. We get most of that back plus or minus breakeven, maybe a little positive year-to-date in Q2 and then it will be the back half what we delivered, the majority of the cash to get us to the 95%, but all thanks for tracking for that right now. We're pretty pleased with how it came out first quarter.
George Oliver: Yes. so I mean, we're making good progress in China when you look at our revenue or up low double-digits pretty much led by HVAC and refrigeration, so we're seeing good execution there, most of our footprint there is in the commercial space, very strong in the applied HVAC, we've got a tremendous position as well as we're position locally with our supply chain, with a very one of our -- let's say highest performing plants and so we're positioned well within that market our orders. When you look at our orders is up almost double-digits and in addition Nigel to making sure that we're building the install base we've been accelerating our service growth and so we're seeing orders in our services now up kind of 20 plus percent in that space. And so, not only are we continuing to expand our install base, but on top of that, being able to execute now in the service opportunities. So when we talk about margins, we did as we look at the overall region is mainly driven by the mix of install, and then the mix of the China growth relative to the overall APAC region. We are beginning to execute and accelerate service growth, which will help mitigate some of that that acceleration of install. But I feel confident that the fundamentals were ultimately driving, how we're going to be positioned for the rest of the year. We'll see continued improvement there.
George Oliver: Yes, so across the board, we -- as we get into this starting out last year with my transition, we got deep into each one of the segments not only the product segments, but regionally and went about making sure across the board we had good understanding of the cost structure and the inflationary pressures coming through as well as what we could expect from a tariff standpoint. And so, Steve across the board we've been executing strong pricing in every one of our categories, every one of our regions. Now what I would tell you is that when you look at our growth last year I believe we suggest you it's about 1% or 2% of our growth, given the progress we made across the board that's going to be elevated here in 2019 additional, percentage of our growth and I think given the work we've done, you could see similar type improvements across the other product segments as you're seeing within our residential business.
George Oliver: I mean, I think across the board, there's some, you could go through each one of our competitors and the new products coming to market. I think you would have seen it at AHRI this year that's pretty much across the board. We've been focusing on how do we create value in each one of the segments for our customers? What's, from a technology standpoint, what is going to differentiate us from the competitors, I think we're executing well, and as a result of that, when we bring these new products to the market, there's a much higher value proposition that we make to our customers, which allows us to be able to get additional price. And so, I think you would have seen that there are some other new products coming in the market. I will tell you my assessment, given the investments we're making, I feel very confident with what we're doing and how it compares to our competitors and truly believe that as we continue to move forward with these product introductions, we're going to continue to gain share.
George Oliver: No, I mean, what I would say Steve is when you look at the total year. I mean, when you separate Power Solutions, the remaining company we are typically now historically been 30% for staff 70% back half. Obviously, we are off to a nice start here in 2019. I see that continuing. And so, when you look at our performance, we're going to continue to drive strong order growth, we're going to continue to convert revenue, kind of mid-single digit based on the backlog we see and how that's going to flow and then we'll continue to deliver a very strong cash flow, as we continue to execute to the year, so I don't see anything significantly different than what historically we've done.
George Oliver: Yes. When you look at the underlying margins that we're projecting for buildings here in 2019, it's -- was the overall it's going to be 40 to 60 basis points. And that's being driven by strong -- the pickup that we get on the volume in the mix, the strong productivity, synergies productivity that we're delivering, and that's being then offset by this is a few headwinds which we talked about which was we still have the run rate of our sales investments from 2018 coming through the first-half of this year, and that's roughly about 30 -- about 30 basis points. And then, the other as we do have as Brian talked about some pension headwind as well as equity income that year-on-year is a little bit of a pressure, but operationally with what's coming through not only the growth what's coming through on price is ultimately is what's delivering on that 40 to 60 basis points. That's pretty broad base across each of the businesses. You know, what I would say in APAC, we had said we're going to have pressure in APAC given what we had in backlog that was going to convert the first part of this year, I would tell you that we are executing on the fundamentals, we are improving those fundamentals, we are growing the service business which is higher margin and the combination is what's going to be able to flow through the year and be able to contribute to that 40 to 60 basis points of improvement.
George Oliver: Absolutely. As you look at all of the regions certainly we tailor our strategy depending on the region and where we have a strong position, where we have weak positions. We are not only putting our own distribution in place, but also other distributors that we are working with to expand our presence within the each of the key markets that is absolutely tied to reinvestments that we are making within the new products to assure that as we are reinvesting, we are positioned from a go-to market to be able to return to get the returns on that investment. So absolutely, and I think when you look at our relative performance over last year, we have been able to do what we have said relative to continuing to launch new product, expand distribution, and grow at or above the market rate.
George Oliver: Yes, so I'd frame in up, if you start 2018, our incremental margins as you suggested in the low 20s. When you look at and a lot of that was driven because we had reinvestment in sales in the sales force ahead of our growth. And we've had historically over the last three or four years, the reinvestments in our product and technology was ahead of our growth. What you see happening in 2019 now that begins -- that reinvestment now begins to level out as a percent of revenue. And so our field businesses should be -- on a go forward basis should be in high teens to low 20s recognizing that that business is very much driven by variable labor. And in the products businesses now with the investments that we have made and the growth that we are achieving should now become more like mid to upper 20s. And so, I think as we get through the year as we lap some of these headwinds that we had in the first half with the year-on-year compares, we are going to start to see some nice leverage going forward. So I would target incremental is to be over the next couple of years kind of mid to -- kind of mid 20s plus over the next couple of years.
George Oliver: Yes. I mean we are always looking at the portfolio to make sure that from an organic standpoint we are making the right investments for getting the intended returns on those investments. And what I would say is that we feel really good about the progress we made with our organic investments. And that being said, as we look at the trends, customer trends and industry trends, we are also making sure that we look forward we are making or comparing our organic investments against what can be done from an acquisition or investment standpoint. And so what I would tell you is that as we look at our position, we feel really good about our position with the work that we have done here over the last couple of years. Now we are always looking at to make sure that as we look at the ability to be able to create value, I will tell you we are always looking to make sure that we are standing on offense and understanding the trends and what we are going to do to be positioned to be able to achieve those trends. So, at this stage given where we are, given the progress we have made with reinvestments, given the success we have had with our sales force, we are focused on executing and being able to deliver on the commitments we have made in delivering strong results.
George Oliver: Yes. So, Deane, we made strategic -- we have made service growth one of our strategic imperatives when I took over. And it's an incredible business. Like I said, it's over $6 billion globally. And traditionally, it's been more of the maintenance and repair of the installed base, getting some recurrent revenue through PSAs, doing some monitoring in the -- within the Fire & Security businesses. And what I would say is we have been incredible opportunity to takeover we have done today in the 60% to 65% is mainly contracts that get renewed for that type of work, and what we are doing today is above and beyond that we are deploying now new solutions utilizing the data, using AI, and now it enables us to be able to optimize not only the maintenance of those -- that equipment, but also beyond what we historically have done to be able to create new value propositions through new business models and leveraging technology. So, I'm pretty excited about the progress we have made, recognize that we started at a standstill in 2017, our service growth was, I think 1% in 2017, through the course of 2018, we ramped from 3% to 4% to 5% to 6%, and then again in the first quarter here, we are all pretty strong with 6% growth. And so, it's a combination of not only getting a higher percentage of the traditional work that we get on the install-base we create, but it's also creating new business that we deploy on top of that install-base, which is more wide space for us, which is a significant opportunity for us to be able to contribute to the growth.
George Oliver: All right, thanks again everyone for joining our call this morning. As you have seen, we have made a tremendous amount of progress in 2018, and I think most important now is that we are building on that momentum in 2019, and certainly look forward to engaging many of you here over the next few weeks. Operator, that concludes our call.
Brian Stief: Yes, so I would say that a reduction in the rate, Jeff, to 13.5% was just a function of a lot of planning that was done in contemplation of the Power Solutions sale. You know, we had guided a year or so ago that with -- tax reform is going to impact us by about 2% to 4% prior to any tax planning. And I think our tax team has done a great job of minimizing the impact of tax reforms on our rate and so that 13.5% we're really comfortable with for fiscal '19. As it relates to these proposed reqs that are out that I think you're referring to because we're a fiscal year company, Jeff, that doesn't impact us until 10/01/19, which is our fiscal '20 and at this point in time given the tax structure and footprint that we've got in place, we don't expect a significant impact in 2020 from those proposed reqs.
Brian Stief: Yes. I mean we have made good progress I guess just to comment on trade capital, I mean our DPO year-over-year has improved by six days. Our DSOs improved by a couple days. We are flattish relative to inventory. So if there was an area that I think we need to go to work on a bit more inventory is probably an area that we are going to be spending some more time on in fiscal '19. When you actually look at trade working capital as a percentage of sales, December 31 last year versus December 31 this year, we are actually improved by 130 basis points which is giving some of the basis for why we are moving to a 95% plus free cash flow number here. But I think we are making progress. There are certainly areas that we continue to look at across the globe. I mean we looked at our larger markets first. So I just expect gradual improvement as we move into 2020.
Brian Stief: Yes. So if you look at the overall $0.75 that we have kind of talked about historically, there was a nickel of that that's in '19 that we talked about for '19 guidance. So then we were saying that was the midpoint of $0.55 in fiscal '20. And then there is midpoint $0.15 in 2021. That's how you get to that full $0.75 we have talked about historically. And the reason there is $0.15 still coming in 2021 is because no matter what share repurchase approach we use, we aren't going to get the full benefit likely in fiscal '20. And so, there will be a carryon effect in 2021 from an EPS standpoint that will get that's really a byproduct of the whatever repurchase program approach we use whether it's open market purchases, whether it's ASR, or whether it's some form of a general combination of those. But the way we have model it now, there is $01.5 more than would come in 2021 to get us to full $0.75.
