Glen Ponczak: Thank you, Don, and thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning. Before we begin, I want to remind you of our forward-looking statements. Johnson Controls have made forward-looking statements in this document of presentation today pertaining to its financial results for Fiscal '12 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements, include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements, the accompany cautions that numerous important factors, such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices and the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts, changes in the levels or timing of investments and commercial buildings, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of the company's most recent Form 10-K filing, which was filed on November 23, 2010, could affect the company's actual results and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by or on behalf of the company. We're joined this morning by Steve Roell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Controls, who will give an overview of the quarter and of fiscal 2011; followed by Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, to give a more detailed review of the business segments and our outlook on 2012. That will be followed by question and answers. And with that I'll turn it over to Steve.
Glen Ponczak: Colin, it's Glen here. I don't know that we've got, we can be that precise here because that's really going to be driven by the OE launch of next generation Start-Stop vehicles. So I guess until the customers start talking more publicly about when they're going to get to the high idle shutdowns and some other Gen 2, Start-Stop technologies, I don't know that we can be more precise than we've been. Other than it's not going to be in the next year or 2 where you see any sort of significant move. It's a little bit further out than that.
Glen Ponczak: Okay, Don. We need to cut it here at the top of the hour. So Steve, Bruce, thanks for participating this morning. Thanks, everybody, for calling in. Dave Urban and I will be available today and tomorrow and whenever if you need any follow up. Enjoy the rest of your day. Thank you.
R. Bruce McDonald: Chris, so far, I would say we've seen very little improvement in our order books from the Japanese customers to a level above the run rate prior to the tsunami. So as we sort of look here at Q1, we're not seeing a lot of that yet.
R. Bruce McDonald: John, let me just make sure everybody's clear on that. We're definitely seeing a pickup, especially versus our Q3, and to some extent, Q4. But what we're not seeing is, if you go back and look at our schedules that we have right now versus the schedules that we had pre-tsunami, there's not an awful lot of pickup. So they're not producing at a level that it would let them rebuild their dealer inventory at a meaningful amount.
R. Bruce McDonald: The driver behind our improvement in Europe is 100% within our control. It's bringing down the containment cost that plagued us all through 2012 and we made great progress in the quarter there. And then the acquisitions and the synergies that we expect to get from the acquisitions are very accretive to our margins.
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, I think, I guess like I said in my comments, our guidance, we knew we had some headwinds in Q1 associated with the launch of the metals facility in our North America and European -- our North America business. That's going to be a little bit of a headwind here for the first quarter. And we knew that. We suspected that our Chinese business was going to be shut down for the first quarter, our existing plant. So we sort of factored that in. But I think when you kind of look at the cadence of our quarterly earnings, the other big thing to remember is we were severely hit with the tsunami in Q3 of this year, so you're going to see a pretty big pop when you look at the third quarter earnings versus last year. So I think if you look at the consensus estimates that we had, guided to 20%, 22% higher, the phasing in the various analyst models is basically 20%, 22% higher every quarter. I think what we're saying is, listen, Q1 are not going to quite be that high and Q2, 3 and 4, are going to be slightly higher than the full-year average.
R. Bruce McDonald: I think, I believe the math is we're up 19%. I think if you take out FX and lead were up 7 and our unit's volumes was up 3, so that difference would be mix and pricing.
R. Bruce McDonald: It will start impact us on a quarterly basis, but it doesn't come in with a bang because we're sort of going up a 3-year kind of upward slope, so.
R. Bruce McDonald: Sure. I guess we -- every so often, we have some difficulties on a contract and these tend to be anywhere from 3- to 5-year old type contracts and there's a lot of times there's ongoing discussions with the lawyers, maybe there's some legal wrangling going around. But we kind of settled, I'd say, 3 or 4 large client disputes, some were I'd say our operational performance didn't hit the original contract terms in the quarter. We took charges of about $10 million to $12 million associated with 3 or 4 sort of older contracts.
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, you're right. We are primarily seating there, but I think we're #2 or #3 in interiors and we have a substantial backlog of new interiors business. In fact, probably, a disproportionate amount of our growth is on the interiors side. In terms of electronics, we're just continuing to chip away. We were, if you sort of go back 1.5 years or so ago, we only had one electronics joint venture, and now we have 3. So it's just going to be a steady progress.
R. Bruce McDonald: Right now, if you look at South America, what's for us is primarily Brazil. We've had a little bit of a tough 2011. Our business, we tend to have a lot of business in South America, associated with industrial refrigeration. So we sell to some of the large food processors, poultry and beef in particular, and that industry kind of got overbuilt a little bit. But as we go forward, we're kind of expecting pretty big things around some of the Olympics and the World Cup opportunities. We've booked a few large contracts, that were about 20 stadiums in terms of improving security, some of the security systems at those stadiums. So we're expecting a very strong growth in 2012 in Brazil particularly, for Building Efficiency.
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, I think at the Analyst Day, we were saying we felt that auto margins in North America will be fairly flat for 2012 on a year-over-year basis. Ted, I'm not sure your math was right. I mean maybe we could take that up after the fact in terms of your first half, second half. I know, for instance, here in the fourth quarter our margins are 4.2%.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I can't recall off the top of my head where we were in Q3, but also keep in mind, also we have the summer shut down in our fourth quarter as well. So we had a little of that pressure there. So I'm not so sure you can kind of put that as maybe you portrayed it in your introductory comments.
R. Bruce McDonald: No. I think we feel very confident about that. In fact, I would hope that some of the fact that our sort of working capital levels are a little bit higher than we were hoping here as we ended 2011. That maybe gives us an opportunity to make some further improvements next year.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. Let me take a shot at that. Steve, maybe can throw into it. So first of all, the actual specific reason our plant has been shut down is because we have an annual quota in terms of the amount of lead that we can process. And we have exceeded our quota. So that quota we expect will be renewed. We have no reason to believe it won't. And so as a result, we believe we'll be able to reopen our plant starting in January, albeit at a lower level of production than we were operating in the past. So that's kind of number one. And I guess I certainly wouldn't want to take away to be we are 100% confident because we're not. We're working with the authorities and that's our expectation but we're not 100% confident. Secondly...
R. Bruce McDonald: Right. Your second question is about how many of our other plants has sort of been checked and approved? Well we only have one other plant that's open, and it's a totally different animal. The existing plant that we have was a plant that we acquired when we bought Delphi's battery business. So it tends to be in an urban area because the cities of Shanghai's kind of grown up around it. Our plant that we have just finished construction on is in a much more rural setting. We have a much more bigger land buffer like our other plants. It's all our equipment brand-new and it's operating at a level that's consistent with the environmental standards that we operate here in North America, which are a fraction of the level of the current Chinese regulation. So we feel pretty good about our plant there. We do have -- I mean that plant is operating and we expect it to ramp up production here as we go through the year. In terms of the overall environment, there's been several hundred battery manufacturers that have been closed. I don't know, I haven't gotten a mix of how many of those -- because not just automotive battery manufacturers. And in terms of the pricing environment, we do think there is an opportunity to increase prices because right now, there is a shortage in the market.
R. Bruce McDonald: I don't have in front of me the quarterly cadence. I do know that you should expect a significant improvement quarter-over-quarter. We don't jump up to that 6% or upper 4% level here in Q1.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. That was the -- that's what the restructuring charges are mainly addressing. We're not re-footprinting or closing a plant -- it's SG&A reductions. They are really around...
R. Bruce McDonald: I mean, it's still not great. I mean, I'd say we've done a few things, launched new products for that market. To some extent, we do have some easier comps there. It's certainly not booming, but you know what, we'll take it.
R. Bruce McDonald: Well we just call it out, just given the size of that, Colin. So I guess you could argue whether it should be in our output, but it's pulling forward stuff that we would've incurred over several quarters and we had some one-time, as Steve indicated, we had some one-time benefits, so we thought we'd go ahead and do it.
R. Bruce McDonald: There's a couple of branch closures here and there, some countries we're sort of scaling back. But largely, they're headcount-related reductions.
R. Bruce McDonald: In the quarter, Colin, we bought Saft out on the September 30 or 29. So we have the equity losses from Saft flowing through the whole quarter of this year and whole quarter of last year. So that wasn't a year-over-year delta. The improvements really driven by the Chinese, our Chinese joint ventures in automotive. And you're right. We do tend to have a very strong fourth quarter. So you'll see our equity income be higher than last year as we get into 2012. But it's not going to keep up at this current level. We can't take Q4 x4.
Stephen A. Roell: It's going to take a while. I would say probably, in the orders that we book later in this year, and probably not realized in terms of our margins until 2013. So the 2012 guidance that we gave and the margin improvement really does not assume a lot of assistance from pricing in this time frame in the near term.
Stephen A. Roell: Remember, Chris, this time we're launching the [indiscernible] and the Evans our volumes haven't come back that strong. Okay? That's a Tundra. Yes. That's the name of the joint, pickup trucks.
Stephen A. Roell: John, I'm not aware of anything. I'm just trying to think -- I was over in Germany last week and met with every one of our, let's call, customer business units. And I'm not -- from our conversations, I don't recall anything really being rationalized by our competitors, and/or -- well let me give you one comment. There is some concern about, again, some of the interior suppliers and their financial viability. That did come clear. We're going to have to watch that. There may be an opportunity, but that's from the interior side, not the seating side. But beyond that, I'm not hearing a whole lot about our competitors doing a lot of restructuring or the OEs.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes. I think, Bruce, also the timing of the benefits from the M&A, and some of the capital expenditures really just fall in those last 3 quarters, okay? Gain more momentum as the quarter goes on, year goes on.
Stephen A. Roell: Brett, let me go back. Beta's guidance was 7%, 8%. It was historically 6%, 7%. And took it up to 7%, 8% for the longer-term based on the addition of the metals transactions, okay? But your question really has to do with Europe and I don't see any reason why Europe cannot be at that level. We've looked at our disciplines and our processes. Something that maybe that is not well known. On November 1, we'll have a new COO that's joining our automotive group. When I say COO, that is for automotive, not for the company. It's Rainer Schmueckle, who was the COO at Daimler over their Mercedes car business. He was responsible for the turnaround at Freightliner. And I brought him on. If you recall, we had a conversation about a year ago on this phone call, where we talked about whether or not we needed additional capabilities in our European operation. Actually, his role is global. He'll actually be overseeing our manufacturing operations for all our component businesses, he'll oversee all of our global engineering, all of our global quality. And again, at the time I described the fact we just needed more capacity and more capability. So Rainer comes on effective November 1. He's actually met with our people. And his leadership will help us in terms of just helping drive process discipline throughout our organization.
Stephen A. Roell: Well I would say, at least 3 -- I'm going to use the number 3/4. 3/4 of it has got to be driven off our own operations. And I don't need a lift from volume to get there. And I think that right now, Brett, some of our volume is hurting us. As Bruce mentioned, we do have higher, particularly, engineering cost. I guess I would say if I looked at the quarter, engineering cost was probably our biggest drag, just based on the launches we've got. And as you saw, over half of our backlog over the next 3 years, the launch is still Europe. But I think we can get ahead of that and get our process discipline in place. That will make a big difference.
Stephen A. Roell: I don't think there's a lot of AGM in there yet, David, Okay? There's some but I wouldn't say that would be driving it, okay? I'd say it's the mix of the product lines. That's what I hear when I talk to our customers like at Interstate Battery [ph]. That's what they tell me, their mix is what's helping them.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes. I think it's just the $1 million or $2 million [ph] additional units in '12 here, David. And then we're putting in capacity for the '11.
Stephen A. Roell: I think, David, 2 things. Unfortunately we do have these kind of contracts when we have very complex transactions. But I think what we did in the quarter maybe to stand back and look at it in a bigger realm, so I think we used it to really get these behind us, number one. The same thing was true with the restructuring. We decided that the restructuring that we planned for 2012, we decided to accelerate to 2011 when we had the one gain. So we did some things in the fourth quarter to really set up the future.
Stephen A. Roell: On the metals side, obviously some of the -- they use the Keiper recliner and some of their capabilities. Obviously they're designed more for the high end of the market, but there's a very good technical capability there to design a product which would be appropriate for the and fit the Chinese market, that's what we're working on. So I think you'll hear over the next couple of years, David, the fact that we're designing product specifically designed for the cost points that we need to hit in China.
Stephen A. Roell: Ted, I should make sure there is no confusion. I can see where we could have created it. These had nothing to do with energy saving shortfalls. That should make that clear, okay? These are really, really beyond that. They're more complex.
Stephen A. Roell: Ted, if I can just give you a little more color and the rest of the people on the call here about working capital. If you look at our -- the elements of working capital. I'm just going to use receivables. Receivables at the end of September, the day sales receivables were actually 2 days improved over where they were a year ago at this time. And I would tell you that our over 90-day past due is at the lowest level it's been in 4 years. So receivables are in pretty good shape. Where we fell short is in our payables. And again if I'm going to find some place where I've got an issue, I got to go attend to, that's one. The second thing is inventory. We still know we've got pockets of inventory in parts of our business we can improve. Some of that, unfortunately is inventory that's on the water to some big jobs in the Middle East. It's our inventory based in our Building Efficiency business in China. So we know where the pockets are. But I think that, I don't want to imply that what you're seeing is not so much a function of process breakdown as much as just there's some fundamental reasons why we have inventory on the water, et cetera, okay? But we know we have room to improve and will continue, but I think maybe the audience wouldn't assume that we had a receivable improvement of 2 days. The quality is so good.
Stephen A. Roell: I think maybe another way to add to it, Bruce, is that we're also developing contingency plans in case something happens where we can't. So that's really what we're focusing on right now.
Stephen A. Roell: In fact, we have announced -- I'm not going describe the magnitude but we announced significant price increases on the China market in recognition of the demand and supply issue and the cost of supply. I think I would just again reiterate the way we operate our plants, I'm going to be a little defensive on this point, the way we operate our plants in China are the same way we operate around the world, in terms of our emissions and blood lead -- what's called blood lead levels in our workers, we monitor that very closely. So we're confident that our operations are operating in a safe fashion. And we do believe that long-term that's going to give us tremendous advantage because as we put on more and more capacity, I think the way we operate and how efficient we are is going lead to -- we'll be able to have an advantage.
Stephen A. Roell: First of all, the acquisitions we told are accretive [ph]. They're going to be help a to us, that's number one. Number two, the fourth quarter is a quarter that's impacted by the shut down period in the automotive industry in Europe. Those 2 I can think of and then just the fact that as we look at the year and our ability to shed those inefficiencies that we had throughout the year in terms of our operations, those 3 are pretty big factors, Himanshu.
Stephen A. Roell: Couple things, Himanshu. The first thing is that need -- if you look at where the strength is in the markets that it serves, one of the obvious ones is it does a lot of work with the pharmaceutical industries. And what I'm trying to make sure is that we get to pull through from the rest of our operating units within control. That's the first thing. So we normally don't -- we don't see that and you don't see it in that business, but there is what's called a pull-through aspect that's important to us. Now having said that, I need to see more of it from our business, but I think pull through of our traditional business through the GWS contracts is critical, number one. Number two, there's probably some business that you can say we probably should just take on, on a management business. And what I mean by that, we typically take contracts as our customers ask us to take them based on a full scope, offering us what the RFPs came out with. But I'm wondering if we couldn't be a little more aggressive in terms of just getting a management fee. And while that would help margins, it would lower our growth rates. And that's why again we have to isolate the non-GWS business from the rest of the building. But I do think there's ways that we can leverage our procurement better than we are. We're putting in better information systems. I think there's a number of things that will give us operating efficiencies as we go forward.
Stephen A. Roell: It's a tough market yet. I would say that we've added some significant talent in that business in the last 12 months, and that I think is what's going to help drive our growth there.
Stephen A. Roell: Colin, maybe to say it differently, these are things that are -- were our discussion. We didn't have to take these. We didn't have to take them in 2012. But we believe by initiating these actions, we actually get better cash flow in return for the future. But clearly within our discretion of timing and when.
Stephen A. Roell: Clearly, they would be. But I think at this point in time, we'd have to say that we're using the best information we have. I think the auto industry assumption now is, I think, Bruce's 8% for next year. And that's, I think, fairly realistic. When I go over there and meet with the OEs, I think they believe that their lull is 8%. And I guess I look at longer term and this is a market which in my mind is going to be a $30 million market, whether it's in 2018, 2019 and that's really what we have to invest for. So I'm not concerned about the next 6 months. I'm more concerned about making sure we're ready to take advantage of the growth in that market for the rest of the decade.
