Bruce McDonald: Okay. Thanks Al. Yes, just on slide 9 here, I’ll just talk about the financial highlights. And these are from continuing operations, so maybe just before I -- some of the early notes that there is some confusion around those in and out. But electronics for the quarter, we pulled out of our numbers, if you were to sort of add it back in the quarter, the sales were about 344 million and segment income was about 18 million. So, those sort of get collapsed and just reported net of tax on the discontinued operations line. So, that’s kind of how things shake out versus probably what was the most analysts’ model. We’ve also had some one-time charges in this quarter and the prior year. This year we had non-cash tax charge of about $0.27 and last year, we had three non-operational items that resulted in net charge of $0.20. And as I go through the numbers, I’ll back those out. So I’m going through the adjusted numbers. So let’s start with revenue, we’re up about 4% to $10.5 billion. You can see our gross profit here up about 50 basis points. Here we’re really seeing the benefits of the automotive operational performance and the impact of higher global revenues in the auto space. SG&A. Here as we will start to see the benefit of a lot of the restructuring cost reduction initiatives, so on a slightly higher sales level you receive SG&A expense were down 10%. So, that we can see the impact that had on our segment margins. Equity income, a little bit higher than last year about $8 million, we benefited from improved profitability of our automotive joint ventures. And we can see our segment income margins of 6% were 140 basis points higher than the 2015 Q2 number. On slide 10. Might I just draw your attention to financing charges that were down about $10 million versus the prior year, really, really benefited from really lower interest rates. So borrowing levels were slightly lower than last year, we had more of our debt in shorter term commercial paper which has a significant lower interest rate. Tax rate in the quarter is just above 19% and roughly in line with where we were in the second quarter of last year. There is a tweak to our tax rate associated with the reclassification of electronics and discontinued operations, our blended rate is 20%, but continued operation a little bit lower and the electronics rate to discontinued operation is necessarily higher. So, the average about 20%. And EPS for the quarter came in at $0.64 which is up the 52% that Alex referred to and including the impact of the discontinued operations our total to diluted earnings per share were $0.66 which is at the high end of our guidance. Slipping to slide 11, I just spend a minute on the balance sheet and cash flow, and we are sort of pleased with how the balance sheet sort of smack back this quarter, you recall with a fairly large outflow in the first quarter really around some of the seasonal working capital factors and the $1.2 billion buyback that we completed. So if you look at this quarter our cash flow from operations was $730 million, you can see that’s nearly club (inaudible) versus where we were last year. Our net debt in the quarter came down almost $400 million and we are sitting here right now with the net debt to total capitalization of about 34%. Our trade working capital was source of cash in the quarter. If you look at that and we define trade working capital’s payables receivable inventory which is now about 6.9% of sales, down about 80% basis points from where we were last year. In terms of CapEx on a year-to-date basis where we thought would be are half way through in a $1.2 billion that we have guided to. Really pretty confident in the second half cash flow, our cash flow is back end loaded with our earnings and we remain on track to deliver the $1.6 billion free cash flow target that we set at the beginning of the year. And lastly on slide 12. I just touched on our guidance. I just want to be clear in terms of what we are saying and what we said. So if we go back to the guidance that we have provided on December analyst meeting in New York, we talked about a range of $3.15 to $3.30 including Electronics and Electronics perhaps within that range was up $0.10 to $0.12. So on an apples-to-apples basis that we were to pullout Electronics, our guidance back then would have been $3.05 to $3.18. And so what we are doing here today is we are tightening and slightly raising the midpoint of our guidance to a range of $3.10 to $3.15 without electronics so it’s continuing operations. And then from the third quarter we’re introducing earnings range of $0.81 to $0.84 which as we compared to last would be an increase of between 13% and 17%. And we talked a little bit about air distribution technology and the impact it would have on our 2014 numbers, excluding any transaction related costs we think it’s going to be fairly neutral to our Q4 earnings estimates. And so I will turn it back over to you Alex.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, Brett it’s Bruce here. Well, we’ve always talked about we think our margins are to be in the 7% to 8% range, if you look at this, the quarter that we just did our ceiling business was 5.2% and that’s off of a depressed, our metals business a lot better than it was, but still not anywhere close to where we think that business should be from a longer-term margin perspective and obviously Europe is pretty fast. So I would tell you right now our, if you look at where we are through these six months our ceiling business, our interiors business and the Electronics business are all performing ahead of our plan, both in terms of our top-line and margin performance, so we're pretty pleased.
Bruce McDonald: Well, I think we’ve said organic sales in terms of the interior just got to be pretty (inaudible) but in terms of our structuring business, I can tell you that we were profitable in the quarter, so we are profitable in fact every month. I don’t have that top of my head, however the margins, I would say it’s probably in the 1% to 2% type range and it’s a business that when we look at our metals business overall should be normally 8% to 10% range. And we’ve talked in the past about what are sort of things that we need to do to get there, it’s not going to be a -- right now we are benefiting from fixing a lot of our launch problems, but to get to the target that I talked about, we really have to accomplish two things; one is getting our plants converted over so they are all making the 2b technology and right now we have a eight plus four of technology that came from the three businesses before. And then we are working on some initiatives to spend on some of our [product] technology as well, standardize how we make things. So, once we kind of get through that and it’s going to take two to three years working with the customers this product stays out and the new 2b technologies phase in. And we’ve been encouraged that the underlying problems that we’ve had in that business are not reoccurring and the benefit of the longer term plan that we’ve put in place are all performing as we’ve expected.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I’d probably should just clarify my comments are rolled our North American, European business. One of other initiatives was growing that business in China so that we have made the investment and then that’s the business that we expect to be pretty close double-digit this year.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. I’d say right now if you kind of look at it, we’re looking at I don’t have the numbers at the top of my head. But I can tell you directionally B/E is going to be flattish to slightly down in terms of just given our backlog performance because there are not very lot we can do to move the needle in terms of whether pick up and its impact on the second half of the year. Power solutions, it is difficult to get some visibility around the aftermarket trends, but they are probably slightly down, maybe 1% to 2% lower than we said before. And automotive will probably be stronger even, the underlying growth in our seating and interiors is stronger. What I -- I can’t do math in my head here quickly in terms of how that translates into striping out electronics.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, the free cash flow and just maybe to help you out of couple, our earnings tend to be our backend loaded, so there is more cash flow that comes through because of the earnings seasonality and that’s (inaudible). Secondly is we tend to have a inventory build towards the first half for the year around some of the equipment and building efficiency that sort of winds back in the second half of the year. In our guidance, we’ve got the proceeds of the electronics divestiture which is 265 million coming in. We also in the second half of year get our dividends from our equity accounted for Chinese joint ventures, those around couple of hundred million. And those would be the -- those would sort of be the main factors that drive us to the skewing there. And then your second question in terms of the balance sheet, it’s around 400 basis points to 500 basis points increase, as a result of the financing, the $1.6 billion, the debt that we’ll take on for the ADT acquisition. So, around 29 to 30, I think is the number.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, and I’d maybe add to that, Rich, the other thing is I would say, I think on the cost side going to 2015 and then towards the backend of ‘15 and ‘16 and we’ll start to see the accretive benefits of the ADT acquisition that’s accretive to the margin.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. I think I will hang myself on this one for [Brian]. No, it’s -- the issue was if you just were to look at the business that we have today that [profitability] is improving. We are going to see in May we are launching our second plant, so that’s going to start up and then we are going to start work on sites watching things like for our next plant in China. So, I would say the business will flip to profitability but we are going to make some investments that are going to offset that. So what I think and I have said this before, and we probably just need to bring more visibility to it. The way that we look at it because of the lumpiness is our plant economics, what is our plant economics, how does that stack up with the rest of our portfolio. The fact that it’s in China, it means it has a little higher overhead because we don’t have the footprint in place yet. So, we’ll probably bring some more visibility to that, helps people understand where we are. But if we just looked at the profitability, it would be hard for us to add these plants.
Bruce McDonald: And then I absolutely agree with that. Three other factors I’ll point to, one is our components growth. So we touched on metals but we really weren’t there and we’ve made some investments, so we’re growing there. And then secondly would be if you look at the market SUV, penetration is rising and we’re gaining a lot more dollar content there. And the third factor would just be we’re seeing increased interiors content in the vehicle market there as particularly China brands try and compete with the transplants. So we’re up contenting the interiors to compete with the transplant vehicles.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, and maybe just put some the number around that Brian. If you look our EPG business in the quarter, we are up about 12% on a revenue perspective.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. Residential, residential like commercial, which I think is a smaller percentage of our business than our competitors’.
Bruce McDonald: No, it would be -- the markets are better than we have thought, so that has certainly an element there. And then the mix, we have got a pretty favorable product mix particularly in Europe. So, I mean I don't think going into the year, we envision Europe being up double digit. And it's just we have -- I guess what we’re seeing now is the downside and having a lot of launches over the last two years [compass] in our P&L. But we have a higher percent of our sales of our newer vehicles that are performing well in the marketplace with consumers.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. I think for the -- and we’ve talked about this on previous calls. If you think about B/E business we wanted the people business we have to invest ahead of the curve. So once you see our order intake climbing we have to start to make investments. And we have said in the past that time is when we’re in a no investment mode, we’ll have opportunity to grow our margins quicker than 50 basis points. And so that’s what you’re kind of seeing right now is (inaudible) adding the investments we’re getting all of the leverage from the cost saving initiatives, but it’s not sustainable.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, it’s important to think about the investments that we’re making in Hitachi and ADT and the ones that sort of making clear in electronics, I mean that’s quite a major shift and it’s just lifted our revenue profile.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, and I can help with that one. You are absolutely right, there is a cash tax payable on repatriation of [foreign] earnings. We have foreign tax credits that we can use to offset that tax, so we have the book charge and we have foreign tax credit that are on deferred tax assets that offset the cash tax payment. It’s a book charge but not a cash charge.
Bruce McDonald: Well, the ADT call we talked about we were going to sort of go out there along, so we are looking at, I think at the call I talked about assuming it’s going to be a blended 4%. So as that stands right now, obviously subject to market conditions, we would think about now the substantial portion of financing being 10 and 30 (inaudible).
Bruce McDonald: We will have those in the in our filings; I don’t -- again we don’t have those with us, we kind of just talk about the business. But I mean I can go through the geographically if you look at our orders, when you out exchange it is down about 1%. So on that basis what you would see, the Europe was actually up a bit 2%, Asian orders were flat in the quarter, North America is down, Alex commented on the fact that service orders are up and equipment and controls were down, then where we are really seeing pulled out from an order perspective is Middle East and Latin America which tend to be lumpy in terms of large jobs and those were down by 27% and 29% respectively.
Bruce McDonald: And maybe just to help you out a little bit on the margins, some margin, sub margins (inaudible) North America and Asia, we did see good margin. I don’t have the numbers at the top of my head. On slide that Alex went through on building efficiency, you see that we did reference the fact that we continue to have some contract charges in the Middle East it’s what we have had some in the previous quarter that will pull down the profitability of that segment, now we have headwinds in the quarter of a $0.02 this year.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, before we get the questions there is a couple of things I would like to point out where I think there might be some concerns. First I will give you some, my take on B/E, if you look at our share which is something that we can only control, we can’t control the marketplace, we are maintaining or increasing our share. If you look at our profitability, I will just give you an example, I go to North America, if you look at our profitability in North America with sales being down 4% our earnings are up 22% a quarter, 12% year-to-date. So we have got operational improvements that are put in place, we are not losing share and when the market comes back we are going to be in a position to take advantage of that. So I want to make sure it puts it in a context that we are very pleased with what’s going on and we just wish the market was coming back quicker. And in Power Solutions we are increasing our share both in the OEs if you look at it this time versus last year and the aftermarket unfortunately in Europe the aftermarket is not helping us, it is helping us in North America. Along with increasing share our AGM growth is continuing and we are very pleased with our China growth. So if you look at our strategic initiatives and what we have been saying with what we can control, I am very proud of what the team has done. Last thing that I will leave you with, if you look at the portfolio moves we still have ways to go but I am also pleased with how quickly the team has been able to get their heads wrapped around and get some actions put in place in order to meet some of our portfolio changes, so all-in-all I am pretty pleased with what we’ve accomplished so far. With that Glen I think we’ll take the questions.
Alex Molinaroli: Unfortunately we’re not in a position to share yet. I could tell you that we're heavily engaged in activities and I’m hopeful and I told our employees that over the next quarter or so we should be able to talk about it, so that’s where we are today.
Alex Molinaroli: Well I think we’re going through cycles. The automotive cycle is better than what we expected and we certainly want to take advantage of that long-term, but haven’t really changed our view. Building efficiency, unfortunately we just have not seen in the commercial market especially the high-end come back. Our recent acquisition of ADT is going to help us not only with other distribution that participate in the broader in the market, but also in some of the products that are more down market. So, we can have a broader participation in the marketplace. So, I'm still bullish on BE long-term, frustrated with where we're at. So, we'll continue to invest particularly in North America and China, but we think that long-term that's the best place to invest in our dollars; the Hitachi JV is an example of that. And as far as our power solutions, I think we're finally getting some traction in China. And as you know, the AGM growth just happens quick as we wanted to. But we're maintaining the share and keeping share in that business. So that business is one that we can't control necessarily what's going to happen on the ground, but what we can control is make sure we maintain share. But I would tell you that my long-term view of where we're going to invest has not changed.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, I expect to outperform the marketplace. And we're certainly getting our cost inline and I think this will make us not only more competitive, but put us in a position to take advantage of the upturn. So, I would expect that we're going to outpace the market, not only because we have a good cost position, but because we're adding to our portfolio.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. And this is Alex. So I think that probably after another quarter or so not only do we have confidence, but everyone has confidence that fixing is behind us. We’re going to start talking more about the future of business, which is exactly what Bruce said. We have an opportunity to grow that business. We have a great position technology wise and then we have also extended our position in China. So I hope we could start talking about what we’re doing to grow that business and make it more profitable in the future now that we are getting operations issues behind us.
Alex Molinaroli: I think that you are there is couple of things; I think there is problem asking that type of question. We are obviously going to see a seasonal benefit on a year-on-year basis, we are seeing some improvement and quite interestingly one of the things that’s really growing is our service business, service contracts and our repair business which is high margin business is benefiting more than the marketplace. So, there are lots of signs but we’re skittish. And until we have more than a month or so we’re not going to be really bullish talking about growth. But you’re right, it was back-end loaded in the quarter.
Alex Molinaroli: Could I address something before you hang up, just to make sure you get kind of what we look at as it relates to the rest of year on building efficiency. When we start talking about the backlog number, which is flat to last year; that just gives you an indicator of what’s going to happen over the next six months; that usually brings pretty true.
Alex Molinaroli: Well, we’re certainly going to benefit the rest of the year. And we’ll benefit on a percentage basis even more, because remember the revenues will increase. And we’ve taken, both SG&A and cost of goods sold out. So the margins would probably be at low end of where the margins will end up at the rest -- end of the year because the volumes will pick up. And then over the first couple of quarters and next year, we should continue to see benefit. Because we’re -- particularly in North America, we’re getting close to our target. In fact, in some ways it’s actually more than our targets because of the pressure on the backlog.
Alex Molinaroli: That’s right. And fortunately, I can’t tell you when the Hitachi JV will be completed. We’re working diligently on it, but long-term -- mid-term, I’d say that we’re bullish on the [BE] with the a little bit of help, we could be dangerous.
Alex Molinaroli: So a little bit of both. I’d say there was a period where we weren’t securing work, I would say it’s probably a 12 month period because we are working on their own cost basis. We’ve changed our cost basis, you can see that it’s reflected in the numbers; you are seeing it come through. In fact we are only seeing part of it come through because we give a bunch of that back to our customers. So you see the profitability in that business improve, imagine that we are giving at least half of more than half back to our customers as we change current contracts. When we look at our pipeline, it’s getting stronger and stronger. Last time we met with GWS folks a couple of weeks ago, the pipeline, they are cautious, but the pipeline looks pretty strong both in the near term and long term.
Alex Molinaroli: So I will start, this is Alex, and then Bruce can clean it up. One of the things that we are fortunate is that we do have the presence across the board but what you see is our transplants are doing better than the locals and our share with the transplants is very, very high, particularly you look at the European transplants. So if you look at our mix of business, our customers are doing well plus we are gaining share. So if both are happening, we certainly have the right customers.
Alex Molinaroli: I don’t think it impacts our decision because our decision, we knew we were going to get this business fixed. That was never a question. What we need to make sure is strategically does it fit with our portfolio moving forward. So that’s we’re certainly going to make it more profitable, it’s good for our customers, it’s good for us, but it doesn’t really impact our decision of what we’re going to do with that long-term. And by the way, there is a lot more profitability to come there, they’ve done a great job.
Alex Molinaroli: So let me answer the last part of that question, first, absolutely. So the ADT acquisition has two things, one is the products go across all the segments of the market place, low to high complexity, but it also has a distribution system that’s lower cost and touches those customers, so it gives us both from that standpoint. Now obviously I didn’t get listen to the call, but what I looked at the release both the today’s release and yesterday I saw that when they talk about commercial HVAC revenues would be flat with the quarter and first quarter commercial bookings being low. So I think we're pretty consistent, we're not losing share I just think we have a bad mix. When I looked at some of the numbers that came out, they are comparable for us, so we're not losing share, in fact at our UPG business is growing more actively, but we just don’t have -- it is just not as large as our competitors.
Alex Molinaroli: So, here is how I would look at it. It's certainly going to be last end cycle to come. So, you’ve got residential like commercial and you are seeing it in the numbers are growing quicker. And then within the segment that we are strong, you are seeing the commercial space grow quicker than the institutional. From a long term debt, the institutional market’s right place for us to be. But what you are also seeing is that like the acquisition and investments you are going to be in products and channels to sure up our lower-end. So we're not kept on the high end market, but we're planning to keep our share, because it will come back. So, as you see we're making moves in the lower end in marketplace.
Alex Molinaroli: And I also think we probably gave our guidance earlier because of our fiscal start at the 1st of October and I could recall we didn’t expect much at all. We were talking about being at the bottom and hopeful. So, it’s really outperformed what we thought.
Alex Molinaroli: I probably wasn’t very clear in my remarks, this is Alex. If you look at that business four years ago, you would flip it and you would see the OE business being down 15%, 20%, 25%. Now what we are seeing is the first wave of replacement being down because the vehicles are there. We are also seeing the impact of the AGM mix and that’s something that we expected and then the weather is not helping. So I think that there is a lot of things that hit us at once and that’s why it’s so severe. I’m also having a little concern because Eastern Europe is where we are growing and places like Russia and there is a little uncertainty there today. So, we are not losing share, but we are suffering with the marketplace. And the market will come back, because sales in Middle East came back. So, it will come back overtime, but unfortunately it’s offsetting all of the growth we’re having in other places.
Alex Molinaroli: So, I will take this, this is Alex. So, I would talk about B/E in a couple of ways. First off, we have retrenched in Europe and I think that that will continue to be the position that we will, we want some profitability in Europe, but not make a lot of investments. Where we plan to make our investments is Asia specifically China and in North America where we think the market is only going to be stronger, but it’s going to be longer lasting and less cyclical. We are going to expand our footprint with the type of buildings that we approach and the channels that you see in that that’s evidence of that that’s happening today, but we also think that our cost position, which is not just SG&A, but our operational cost will benefit us in the future in gaining share in the markets we already participate in. We’ve taken $100 million of cost out of the channel in North America. And I think we are more efficient and more effective than we were in the past. We’ve really streamlined our service to our customers. So, I am pretty bullish, I just need some market to participate in.
Alex Molinaroli: I would tell you yes with one caveat. As the market grows, we will be adding to our direct sales force. And that will be a direct P&L hit, that’s not a capital investment. So, when the market comes back we will see the benefit operationally, but we’re committed to grow with the market and we’ll need to add some sales cost, but you’re right overall.
Alex Molinaroli: We’re not going to change our discipline I think that’s probably the economist in the past. So we’re going to make sure that we are obtaining work not only with the right margin, but the right customer. So I think when we go after work in more aggressive way, there will be a strategic reason to do it. But certainly we’re going to leverage the footprint we already have and we’re going to make sure we can maximize the investments we’re making in Asia. So, I think that you can see us continue to keep our discipline in place because the good times are always here.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. The no growth is what we said, it was based on some market growth projections, which right now we're seeing better than that. So, based on what we projected in the market to be that will be true. If it continues to be stronger that won’t be true, we’ll benefit from the growth. But you will see is if this is a pie chart, you will see our business moving more and more into Asia over the long-term from a percentage standpoint.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. Here is how I would answer that. I think we need to rebalance our portfolio whether that requires another wag or not. Today, just like if you look at ADT acquisition, we're staying near adjacent where we feel comfortable, overtime that may change. As it relates to our automotive business, we can only get so much margin on our business, it has a theoretical cap and we want to get the most that we can. And we're not sure what the cyclicality of that business, if we’re over weighted in the auto that we’ll look get the benefit of being the multi-industrial. So, that’s kind of the perspective that I have and continue to see investments outside of automotive and thus making sure that we’re rational in what we do in automotive. And in particular, we have a great position in China and we’d be silly not to take advantage of that.
Alex Molinaroli: No, I guess you guys are going to tell us that. But what I would tell you is we feel mostly the margins go up, because China will grow and we will limit our investment to other places. So, I don’t know the answer to that, but I do think we have some, I know it’s less than what we have today. That’s what I know for sure. And as I’ve told everyone and I answer the question earlier little flip it, seating is not on the table, but what is more important long-term, I’m committed to be a leading multi-industrial. But today seating is not on the table, but we have clear plan to do in order to meet our objectives.
Alex Molinaroli: So far what I would tell you, we’re doing pretty much what we said and in some ways, I think we’re ahead of schedule.
Alex Molinaroli: The way I’d look at those two is, when we say we are up 30% in the Middle East, I won’t get excited about it and we say we are down 30% in the Middle East I won’t get excited about that because these projects, one project could be almost the size of the entire backlog; these are very large and very lumpy.
Alex Molinaroli: Okay. So, I want to just wrap up. I appreciate everyone’s great questions. And I wanted to once again thank our employees. There is a lot of opportunity for distractions in our business, a lot of the change going on but our employees’ number one focus on execution and I think you see that in results. So we’re going to continue to execute; we’re going to continue to meet our commitments and that includes changing our portfolio and meeting our strategic objectives. So, I appreciate all the calls and look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: So those efficiencies, cost actions those are things you carry forward as the volumes come back, so it just seem to me like the incremental to be as much better is something higher than kind of the 50 bps to that…
Unidentified Analyst: You gave us a little detail on building efficiency North America. I wondered if you could give us some more detail on the other segments in the BE for the quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And I guess Global Workplace Solutions, I think you gave us a number, I guess we had last years and would you say the profits, could you refresh me? And you said, I think you’ve said Global Workplace Solutions profit is good.
