Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah, so I think that – and you're right, I caution because you look across our businesses and just because you asked the question, I'll go ahead and answer it, but I'll also point out that we're really surprised with the strength in Auto and Power Solutions continue to gain share and grow dramatically there in China. But when we look at the Buildings business, there does seem to be some delays and some stickiness, and it's been pretty lumpy. If you remember, we had a couple of quarters where we were down. We had a real strong quarter, I think it was fourth quarter sales secured, and so it's pretty lumpy. And I think from our standpoint, it's probably just best for us to be cautious, and that's why when we talked about our guidance, we report on the top line. It's just become pretty hard to predict as it relates to the commercial business. I would tell you, though, that one of the real surprises we had, I was looking at the Hitachi sales and our VRF sales through Hisense, our – it's an unconsolidated joint venture in China, were up dramatically versus our plan. So I think it's more of a mix issue, and I think at the high-end infrastructure level some of the commercial projects we're doing moving a little slower than we thought. But our VRF sales are higher than what we expected. So, I think we're just going to have to continue to watch it. Thank goodness that North American market just seems to be kind of chugging along and gaining a little momentum. You didn't ask the question, but I looked inside our secured for North America, and it's truly institutional. If you look at within the institutional and also commercial, which we're seeing some benefit from the CB Richard Ellis relationship, within commercial and institutional, we're seeing that outpace some of the losses that we're seeing within the, essentially the manufacturing and retail segment.
Alex A. Molinaroli: So as you look – and I'll let – get Brian get into some of the details, but if you look at the margins and you get into the new segments, you'll see that our product margins are under pressure, and that's where the investments are showing up. I think what our expectation is that we had some costs that won't repeat, but we certainly have reinvested in that business purposely, and you're going to see that pressure. It'll get offset, but you'll see that pressure is going to continue to be a little bit on the product side because that's where the investments show up.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah, well, the numbers are so big when you get to Europe and North America. When you start talking about AGM growth at 41% and China being record sales, it doesn't – we can't get to the 9% to 10% without both mix and growth within primarily North America, I mean that's really where we need to see it. And so I think that, I mean, I think we feel good about where things are, but it's a little bit out of our control. Particularly when you start talking about the aftermarket and what the weather's going to be and what the timing of that is going to be, but that's what moves the needle when you look at North America. So I think we feel like we're in good position. A lot of it has to do with what our customers are seeing. We're not in a position we're going to gain any more share in North America and so what we really need to see is some – we need to see the weather help us out here little bit so...
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yes. So I actually don't have that in front of me, so I will have to get back with you and make sure I understand our net hedge position, primarily around copper. We certainly are seeing some help as it relates to our transportation costs, but I don't have an update on that. So we'll follow up on that specifically just so I don't misrepresent it. As it relates to pricing, I was talking to Bill Jackson, our President at Building Efficiency and he seems to feel pretty good that pricing has been rational and probably because we're starting to see orders increase a little bit that we're not under as much pressure, particularly in North America. I think the opposite is the truth when you get to places like China though. I think there's some pricing pressure in China.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yes. So I think if you were going after the most important things, I mean strategically we need to be able to get our position strengthened in North America in VRF, because we're going to market now, and Hitachi wasn't in the market. So I think that strategically is going to be important. As it relates to margins, our biggest lever on margins is going to be the business that's in Brazil, and the business that's in Japan and Iraq business, which is a residential business, and that's going to be more around cost than it is going to be around growth. So there's really two answers. One the long-term, it's going to be very important for us to continue in investing. So if you looked inside we should see we're investing in our distribution, and investing in places like North America to set up our channels and our training and our support system. And then if you look at our cost plan, it really is around the residential business and focused in Japan and Brazil.
Alex A. Molinaroli: I'd like to point out that the strong [exposed] you saw in China is in unconsolidated. So if you look at the topline growth, where we had the strongest sales, it happens to be – and where we saw the strength in China that was – representing earlier happens to be with Hisense which is unconsolidated.
Alex A. Molinaroli: That's a great question. I think the next time we get together I'll be able to update. In fact I'll be at a steering committee meeting tonight. So I'll be able to report on that. So I'm anxious to be able to tell you what the plan is, but I want to make sure that I get it hot off the press.
Alex A. Molinaroli: If we continue to see the kind of momentum we have in the quarter, particularly the end of the quarter, I mean I think that at some point, in North America, I think that we can get there. I just get a little bit nervous about things that are outside our control. I mean it seems like the actual market is doing better than the financial markets, but at some point the financial markets will make their way to the investors and that – investments and that's what worries me. I'm pretty bullish on what I see in North America, with one caveat is that there is this cloud hanging around as it relates to the financial markets that just what you hope is it doesn't get our customers spooked as it relates to investments. But the institutional markets are gaining steam, which is our strength. So knock on wood, I'm hopeful to be able to report that we will continue to see that growth. Unfortunately the one thing that we were counting on that did not come back, at least didn't come back at the pace we wanted was, if you remember we got sidetracked at the end of Q4 with the federal government work, it was huge projects, and a lot of them. And we had significant impact to our backlog and to our topline because of that, and we haven't seen that come back, hopefully we'll see it at the end of this year, when it comes to that time again, but it's always been something we can count on, and I'm just not sure if we can count on it now or not.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Absolutely. The federal government – in fact earlier when I said that, I apologize, I said something about industrial – industrial and federal government together are the two ones that are off, not only where our backlog is, but we've seen that continue through the second quarter.
Alex A. Molinaroli: There's a gap there and when you talk to the teams, I mean there's two things that when you look at the new segments you'll be able to see that. The product growth wasn't what we expected, and the margins because the investments were a little lower. One of the things that was a challenge for us in the first quarter was that when we were going through the integration of ADTI, one of our brands, our significant brands, we relocated one of the production facilities, and I think we had a hard time catching up with deliveries. So hopefully that will fix itself a little bit, but that was one of the problems we had in the quarter.
Alex A. Molinaroli: The other thing that this kind of a – to kind of pile on a little bit, the Hitachi channel work will show up in that number, too, which was – which is an investment that we have to put in place in order to get ready for sales for that particular product. So there was a significant amount of investments in the product North America business.
Alex A. Molinaroli: It's a great question. It's a really good question, and I think as we work through that, we've talked about where we are and we just don't have it finally worked out. We will have it worked out by the time we get the Form 10 and the question you have is a great question, and I think that we are sorting through that now and we certainly will have that prepared between now and the Form 10 and so at the latest we will be able to have that then which is late March, early April.
Alex A. Molinaroli: That's the way you should think about this business. So one of the things we wanted to make sure that we pointed out was that don't give us all the credit for the 260 basis points of margin improvement, because that's not all operational because as things move around, we may not be able to continue at that level. So that's why we point that out, that we are – because that's such a big part of that pass through that it does impact our margin. But you got it right. As lead prices go down, the margins go up. It doesn't impact us. There is a timing issue that flows through our books, but other than timing, it's kind of a net zero effect dollars wise.
Alex A. Molinaroli: I mean I think that's probably what we see now. I mean I guess it could get worse, but if we see – kind of if you look at where we are, when we talked about it, our backlog was actually down going into the year because of the federal government work. And so what you have to – what gets a little bit difficult to predict is if the product business doesn't grow, then we are really suspect to the revenue recognition of meeting a backlog and the flow-through to the work. So even if we are secured starts moving at the rate it's been growing at, we'll still have a revenue issue, and so we need to get those orders in now.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah, absolutely. So our investments will certainly mirror our top-line prospects. We have not changed our commitment regardless of where we fit in that revenue as it relates to our bottom line, because the other part of this is, it's not like you can't see it coming as it relates to revenue. If our backlog doesn't improve, we're certainly not going to be able to make the investment as quickly as we planned.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah, and remember, as it relates to any of the lead impact to top line, it's not something that we should feel from a bottom line perspective.
Alex A. Molinaroli: So I don't know that it changes anything except that we're going to have an awful lot going on. And so depending on where we are, and if you look at the cash flows that we look at, I mean, it's going to ramp up because we'll still have some trailing costs as it relates to integration moving into next year even the separation. So I think as our cash flows improve, depending on where we are with the integration, I would expect that we're going to make the right decision as it relates to whether we return that to the shareholders or make investments. I don't know that we've gotten that far, but one thing I can tell you for sure is around our dividend policy, we're both, at this point, we're both committed to making sure that at a minimum we continue the current dividend policies of both companies. And we have – just to make sure that you understand where we in the process, there's an awful lot of the stuff that we really have to continue work through. We haven't really had a lot of those conversations yet as a team. But we're going to have significant cash flow, that's for sure.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Well, that – so a great question. It's still going to be a lot more OE than aftermarket because the OE business is growing so fast. And our visibility to that is pretty high because usually it's program driven. A lot of the AGM capacity that we're talking about adding has been in China, but what we're seeing is across the board. I mean we'll be adding capacity in Europe. A lot of that is because the aftermarket is starting to happen there because we've been at it much longer. And in North America, there's actually more than aftermarket that's already there surprisingly. It's not necessarily for start-stop. It's just for enhanced performance, and in China it's really – it's an OE story. So I think it's still going to be a heavy mix for OE and I think that what we see is that most of the capacity if not almost all of it is already subscribed that we're putting in.
Alex A. Molinaroli: So let me close out. I mean I just want to comment again. I'm not sure if you were sitting in my shoes how you couldn't feel good about the ongoing performance of the business. We continue to meet the expectations that we set not only as an overall business but within the segments, continue to improve our margins and I think our investments, particularly in BE, we're starting to see the shoots of growth and I'm pretty proud of all that that everybody's accomplishing. And hopefully you feel the same way that I do that our strategic position is improving. I think Adient is going to be an incredible competitor within the Automotive space and we're setting up to be successful. That's our plan and then if you look at the remaining Johnson Controls, not only the investments we're making now, but you look at the transformational merger that we talked about, we have an opportunity to be something really special and I think that we'll actualize that. So I hopefully have the same confidence I have and we look forward to continue reporting, achieving our near-term and our long-term plan, so thanks a lot. Have a great day.
Brian J. Stief: Yeah, Rob, I would just add to that. I mean, if you recall, in Q4 we took a pretty good size restructuring charge in BE. And if we look at the timing of those actions, some of those are occurring during the first quarter and we'll just get full run rate benefit for the year in the back half. So there's some improvement in margins just as a result of the timing of some of the restructuring actions we had.
Brian J. Stief: Yeah, at Analyst Day we had an average share outstanding of 652 million, and at that time, we indicated we were going to pause it for six months and then reevaluate. We had built into the guidance that we had given that repurchase program coming in for the entire $1 billion in the back six months of the year, and now we're doing $500 million, but instead of doing $1 billion at $50 a share, which was what we had built into our plan, we're doing $500 million at $35 a share let's say, just to pick a stock price. And the net effect of that is about a penny or so in the guidance that we gave, Rob.
Brian J. Stief: Actually, it's the other way, right, because we had $1 billion in shares at $50 in what we guided, and it's going to be $535 million. So I think the net effect of that's a penny going the other way.
Brian J. Stief: On the commodity question, just to address that quickly, I do have some data here. So as it relates to BE in the quarter, we did get a commodity benefit of about $3 million, $3.5 million in the quarter, and we're forecasting for the year that that number could be around $14 million but based upon current FX levels across the two or three main countries that they do business in that are impacted negatively, it's pretty much offset as it relates to our plan. So there's really no commodity benefit net-net coming through if you consider FX as well.
Brian J. Stief: Yeah, so a couple of things there. The first quarter was $525 million, and it is seasonal to some extent. I would tell you that we had guided at about $3 billion of sales and $120 million a sync and in that $3 billion of sales there was an entity that's got about $250 million of sales that we were planning on consolidating. And as we got in and looked at the underlying agreements related to the joint venture itself, we determined from accounting standpoint that we weren't going to be able to consolidate that entity. So, instead of $3 billion for the year, our revenues related to Hitachi are going to be $2.75 billion or so, and that correspond where there's about $70 million in the quarter that was impacted as well. So that $525 million was originally targeted to be about $600 million. So, we are now looking at Hitachi for the year about $2.75 billion. And, yes, the $525 million in the first quarter reflects some seasonality in that business.
Brian J. Stief: Yes, I mean just to put it in perspective, the government jobs that I referred to that are really out there that we aren't sure if they're going to now be able to execute or even if they will be awarded to JCI given some of the deferrals that are going on are in the $125 million to $150 million range in aggregate. So that certainly is a piece that we need to work through for the rest of the year here.
Brian J. Stief: I think with some of the product investments that we made in the first quarter, hopefully we will start to see some of that benefit in the back half of this year. But I mean just to kind of frame that you, between product investments and investments in sales resources, that number was almost $20 million in the quarter for BE, and you'll see that when you see the products North America segment data that's in the 8-K.
Brian J. Stief: But I would tell you, we've got a contingency plan as it relates to, if that were to happen, we've got actions that we can take to ensure that we still deliver the segment income and the margins and what we've kind of put out there for our full-year guidance. So, we're working the issue relative to top line and adjusting our cost structure accordingly.
Brian J. Stief: Revenue impact on lead was about $50 million in the quarter. And as far as where the 9% to 11% could go, I guess based upon what we've seen, it could go down to 7% to 8%, yeah, but again, I would tell you that if it goes down to that level, we've got plans in place to cover. So at this point in time, whatever shortfall we might see at BE and Power, we think Auto is over-performing, and so we're very comfortable with where we are for full-year guidance.
