Robert Bruce McDonald: Yeah, I’ll take that one, Brian. It’s Bruce here. I guess a couple comments. Kind of your underlying sort of question around the seating is really, help me understand how we’re substantially sort of 3x times the market here. A couple things. So first of all, you’re absolutely right that we’re seeing particularly from the Chinese owned brands, I’m moved to improve the quality of the interior. And that is driving I’d say a shift in the market away from traditional local suppliers to our businesses. So that’s number one. Secondly, if you look at the production data, what you’re tending to see is the luxury segment and the SUV segments – our SUV in particular – gaining a lot of share and we have a lot more content there. Third, the western brands are taking share away from some of the Chinese owned brand and we’re benefiting from that. And then we just continue to gain share really as on the back of the investments that we’ve made in metals. So our metals business, I think we talked about when we made the two acquisitions, Hammerstein and Keiper, we were sort of in the low single digits. Right now I think our run rate’s about 20%. And if you look at the backlog of business that we’ve won, we feel pretty good about getting to that 30% to 35% target. So those would be the seating factors. Then your comment around the – your question around the interior side of things, again you sort of saw in our release we said on a 2015 basis, we’re looking at revenues being around $8.5 billion, which is about a billion dollars more than we talked about last May when we announced this joint venture. There you’re really seeing the impact of China growth and the C-class launch. Those would be the two factors there. And the same comment I made about quality of the interior and the luxury segment in the SUV apply equally to interiors.
Robert Bruce McDonald: And then Mike, this is Bruce. Your question about Asian orders, so in the quarter, our order intake in Asia was up 8%.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Yeah. This is Bruce here, Rob. A couple of things: I think our margin improvement at BE is front-end loaded. One issue we’ve got is the ADT acquisition. It was in our fourth quarter number last year. Its margin was included as we talked about when we made that deal, so we kind of have nice comps in the first three quarters of the year. You also recall last year we talked about having some contract charges in the Middle East in the first half of the year. So those are behind us. And so again I think it’s really a question of the comps that we’ve got here are easier in the first half than in the back half of the year.
Robert Bruce McDonald: And Rob I would just remind you that we do try and hedge out some of our commodity exposure so we don’t get sort of the immediate benefit whereas on FX we’re talking translation here not transactional. So there’s a bit of a lag.
Robert Bruce McDonald: It’s Bruce here, Pat. I mean when you just sort of look at, we sort of gave the information here by seating and interior. So seating was up 40 basis points and I guess that business I would say it would be leverage. Interiors were up, went up from about 2.9% up 260 basis points. There it’s really reflecting a couple things. One it’s the structural ranges that we’ve made to restructure the business. And then secondly, and we talked about this sort of for the last few years is the C-class, the Mercedes C-class. The biggest order that we’ve ever got. It’s about $500 million or $600 million in revenue. It’s rolling out globally. So that’s sort of turning from being a pretty heavy investment that we’re making in terms of launching that product globally to net now where it’s kind of enjoying the benefits of it rolling into production.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Yeah, I think when we talked to auto team early this week, and I would say looking at what we see for Q3 as being up 4%, 5% from production point of view. So that’s better than the numbers that we had quoted. I would say that’s despite the fact obviously a place like Russia’s turned out worse. So net-net it is a tailwind for us here in the next couple quarters.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Well, you know what, it’s interesting that you say that. Ever since Kathy’s been on the team, things are going a lot better.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Yeah. I don’t have that – I don’t have China bulking so maybe Glen or Kathy [ph] can follow-up on that one. But I would – what I would tell you is, is the – our order intake in China in particular, we tend to be largest in the equipment side. It’s very geared towards financing. And so we’re right now kind of enjoying a little bit of a breather in terms of their loosening some of the financing requirements. And the reason it’s volatile for financing rich is because most of our orders have a significant prepayment.
Robert Bruce McDonald: No. I don’t know that it’s lower margin. I think that overall it will be less lumpy. But I think what it is, is for us, it could be in some ways depending how we go to market, but I don’t know I would say it’s lower margin. I just think it’s a significant shift which leads us to make sure that we have the right products. That’s – when I look at it, it makes it even more important that we have products like we are getting with Hitachi because it’s talking about the mix of the type of business that’s actually growing in China. It goes back to one of the questions we had earlier.
Robert Bruce McDonald: Yeah. And maybe just to size that, if you, in BE we’re about 2.3 billion, Europe’s at 300 million of it. So it’s not a significant piece.
Alex Molinaroli: So I’ll take that. Overall one of the things with ADTI, because it’s more of a – it’s a shorter cycle and it’s more of a book-to-bill because of how we go to market there. What we really saw was revenue. So we don’t have the same kind of pipeline information that we have for our company owned or our branch businesses. I would say that the business overall was flat, maybe a little bit soft versus a year ago. One of the things I’m not sure of, remember when we made the transaction a year ago, I’m not sure of when we look at the comps that things won’t be leveled out until we get into the summer, because we were, right before we secured the transaction, and I think there was a lot of moving parts right before we closed the deal. But I think overall the market is – you remember those products aren’t just mid to light commercial. They also serve the institutional market. I think overall we’re seeing the market move up. I think our exposure in the commercial market is one that has been – we’ve been underexposed, so we haven’t benefited from it as much. But I think that part of the market is still clipping along. I think what’s substantially different though is the institutional markets. We’ve even seen when you talk about it, we even saw in health care we’re seeing our pipeline increase, which is something we haven’t been able to say, I can’t remember when we we’re able to say. That’s been a lot of years.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. So I’ll take the second part for sure. I mean what you see in the growth rate of when look at the mix of products and technologies, two things. One Hitachi is well positioned in Asia, particularly in China. And that part of the market is definitely eating into what we would consider our – the core of our market, more of the ducted equipment that we would see in North America. So it’s very fast growing at 2X of the rest of the marketplace. That’s why it’s strategically important for us. And our position is very strong. Not only Hitachi direct but through our partner. Hitachi, our joint venture there, has a partner called Hisense, which plays in the light goods appliance space, a very strong player. And those two go to market channels along with our Europe brand is how we’ll leverage the VRF. But to answer your question, at least 2X for the rest of the traditional HVAC market that we’re familiar with.
Alex Molinaroli: I think that this is the numbers. I think we’re seeing around 10% growth, probably a little less than what we expected, we’re signing up tremendous amount of distributors. We’re seeing – most of our growth is still happening in the OE space. So I think that we have more opportunity there.
Alex Molinaroli: And that being said I think one of the things that as we get our backlog, we’re back to level. And we get our backlog stronger and stronger we’ll start to get leverage off our fixed cost.
Alex Molinaroli: So I think our – I’ll take that. I’ll have to not listen to the call. I want to make sure I don’t try to make a complete comparison. I’m not sure of the reference, but I can tell you from our standpoint in our backlog that there has been pressure on pricing I think for at least 24 months. And that has to do with the fact that lack of institutional work out there. We have a big focus ourselves to try to get our backlog margins up. If you track that you’d see they’ve been under pressure for quite some time. It’s not a new phenomenon. I haven’t seen any new pressure. From our standpoint if the market picks up here I’d expect to see our margins and our backlog go up over time. We haven’t seen that yet. I don’t believe there’s any extraordinary pressure but I haven’t seen any relief either.
Alex Molinaroli: Let me let Brian answer the specifics. I think when we – I think we had a better understanding what Commodities were going do in the last call. And so we forward-project what we thought our Commodities benefit was going be. What we didn’t have the view of is how much deterioration we’d see in the currency particularly in the Euro. I think what you’re probably seeing – Brian, correct me if I’m wrong – is that that gap has increased much more than any kind of Commodity positives that we’ve seen.
Alex Molinaroli: Let me start on that. I’m not sure we’ll have all the data that you need but let me directionally give you the information that you need. If we need to follow-up we will. First off when we talk about these orders, it’s driven by North America because the size of our North American Contracting business is much larger. So the good news there is there’s not a lot in translation. You’re not really talking about from a booking standpoint in the U.S. anyway a lot of translation. That’s where we saw the strongest order intake. In this environment that’s where we wanted it. And it relates to how long kind of the cycle. I’ll kind of go through the whole process for you. If we look at our pipeline, we look at six-month rolling pipeline. When we talk about what we see before we book, it’s about a six-month view. That’s why we talked about, we have visibility to third quarter and fourth quarter bookings. Once we get a contract in place, you’re really talking about a six-month before we really see a substantial movement of the backlog. So we’re still from a standpoint of being able to translate the bookings that we got this quarter, we’re not going to see significant revenue on those bookings, until probably sometime in the fourth quarter. So it’s a bit of a lag. The good news coming out we lag but the bad news going in we lag also but it’s about six months.
Alex Molinaroli: The only caveat I’d bring to that is we are seeing year-on-year improvement in seating in South America.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah, so I don’t – we’re getting into political season here shortly. So I don’t know that I have any confidence to talk about that. But what I can tell you is that we’ve seen the reserves build up and certainly state and local governments. We’ve seen infrastructure spending go in place. And we’ve been talking about that for some time. And I think now we’re starting to see people pull the trigger. We’re seeing the same thing with K-12. So you have bond issues, people are working on existing schools and adding to their facilities. I think we’ve talked about for some time. I think that I don’t think this is going be a short lived cycle. I think that the absent something that’s happened outside of my ability to predict. I think we’re going be into kind of a slow cycle of improvement. What I’m not sure about but I’m encouraged by it is to see the healthcare pipeline is starting to increase and I don’t know if I have an answer for why that is yet. But that’s one encouraging thing that we haven’t seen actually come through in orders but we’re seeing in pipeline.
Alex Molinaroli: It’s kind of lost in the numbers to me. Because if you look at where those things are and the type of business that we’re in, obviously there will be a knock-on effects of some infrastructure. We have not seen that yet. And to the extent we have, it’s lost in places where it’s not a significant part of our business.
Alex Molinaroli: And Rich, I did see numbers more – it’s more of a revenue number than a secured number, a backlog number. What I did see is that we’re given much more growth in our lower tonnage equipment than our high tonnage equipment. The mix seems to be shifting at least right now. So that leads you to believe around infrastructure, in the pace of infrastructure changes, versus other types of construction. So we’re seeing kind of a shift in mix here a little bit.
Alex Molinaroli: So this is Alex. I’ll take that. I think what you look at, if you look at our overall numbers they’re down in Europe. One of the things you have to look at. We have retrenched quite a bit in Europe in two ways. One is we got out of our commercial refrigeration business last year which was, it was 200 and something million dollars a year. So that business is out of our ongoing flow. The other thing is that we’ve changed our go to market in some parts of Europe where we’re not as much dependent on our branches. So we have less contracting work and more product mix. I think the market is probably the same. I mean, we’re probably seeing that it’s not any different than the rest of our businesses. Our participation in that has changed. Essentially because part of our strategy is to not overweight ourselves in Europe as it relates to exposure there. So we probably aren’t the best parameters for how the market’s growing because we’ve actually restructured and sold some our businesses in Europe.
Alex Molinaroli: That’s a good question, Ravi. I think that your observation or question is right on. Certainly the first quarter we benefited from the channel being in a different place this year than it was a year ago. I also think that batteries just won’t last forever regardless of the weather is and the fact we’ve had two mild winters, you had 12 more months of wear. The batteries eventually need to be replaced. I don’t know there’s anything structurally any different than in the past. We’ve had a few wins but not the kind of wins that will drive that kind of market share growth. So the channel changes are definitely one and the second is I just think we’ve had a delay and of one year and being able to replace batteries. The last part is it should make it more structurally sound is remember that Europe when it went down, it went down hard from OE perspective. Now we’re starting to see the first time replacements of the vehicles that came out of after the recovery started.
Alex Molinaroli: And Ravi, just to address, we probably should follow up and get more robust numbers but lead was a revenue headwind for us up to this point. And all of a sudden we’re starting to see it recover, so I think that it’s not going to, if it stays at the level it’s at now, it’s getting back toward our plan number and back toward last year. But we need to get some more robust numbers than what we have.
Alex Molinaroli: Sure. So I’ll take that. And other two can feel free to jump in. So I think with where we are from the standpoint of this whole entire process, I think our initial portfolio actions, I wouldn’t say they’re coming to a close but we’ve really gotten through a lot of the things we talked about a year and a half ago at a pretty good pace and I think our ability to execute on these initiatives has been outstanding. So I’m pretty pleased with where we are. As it relates to moving forward, we do want to make sure we make some investments strategically, we are looking. But we want to make sure that we’re smart about it. We do see adjacencies in both our end markets around our Buildings business and our Battery business that are interesting to us, and we want to make sure if we do something it gives us a platform for growth. And remember that from a regional perspective, what’s most important to us is take advantage of the strong position we have North America and the strong position we have in China and Asia. So when we start thinking about our bias, our bias is our Buildings business, our Battery business, it’s really infrastructure related and our bias is North America weighted North America weighted Asia so that we can make sure we can take advantage of our current position and growth expectations. But I don’t think we’re on pause. I think because of where we are and how we’ve been able to execute and the ADTI integration is going – we can’t really talk about that here. It’s going as expected or better, and so I think our confidence is pretty high.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah, so I’ll just build on that. I couldn’t be more pleased. We had an opportunity, actually in the last few days to meet with our new partner, CBRE, who will be providing services to us and we’ll also be providing services to the commercial market through CBRE and Trammel Crow and their companies. I look – I feel fantastic about not only the transaction but strategically what CBRE’s going to bring to the market with our GWS employees who are long-term employees that are quite frankly a lot of them are my friends. I’ve been here 32 years and a lot of them have been too. And I feel great about that transaction. It’s great for our customers. It’s great for our shareholders. And it’s great for our employees. I feel the same way about our Interiors business. We’ve now moved from a business, and it looks like we’re early movers. The business is starting to consolidate as we predicted. We couldn’t have a better partner. The strong position that we have in China along with the footprint that we bring from a global perspective to the joint venture is fantastic, once again for our customers, no doubt for our shareholders and our employees are now in a part of a business that is going to invest and grow. So both of those things strategically have been important, and I just can’t thank our employees enough. The ability to go through the amount of change that we’ve gone through over the last year and a half and be able to meet the commitments that we’ve made year-on-year, and you look at it business-by-business; confidence is continuing to build. And then lastly, our employees embracing the Johnson Controls operating system, and actually taking it on faster and more effectively than what I anticipated. I wouldn’t trade the position we’re in if I could go back a year and a half. And so I feel great about where we’re at. I think the opportunities in front of us. I think the challenge for us is to make sure that we invest in the right platforms for growth. But our margins continue to improve, not only because of our portfolio actions but also because we’re executing. So it was a great quarter. I want to thank employees and I appreciate the attention that you guys are paying with us.
Brian Stief: Yeah. I think that’s right. I think in Commodities we had a pretty good line of sight on for the rest of the year. I think when you look at the Euro our plan and original guidance, we had the Euro at 130. At the end of our first quarter call it was at 115 and I think now going down to 105. That’s probably about $50 million to $60 million worth of headwind in the second half of the year that we just didn’t have line of sight to. It’s really – you’re right it is primarily the FX piece.
Brian Stief: Yeah. I mean cash flow’s a bit of a soft spot for us. I will say that if you look at the second quarter, we did have some tax payments related to some audit settlements that was just short of $100 million. And then we also had some estimated tax payments in the current year that we didn’t have last year as well. Some of them transactional related so I would say as we sit here today, we’re probably about $250 million to $300 million behind where we’d like to be. But half or so of that is related to tax items and the other half unfortunately is not one or two items that we can go attack. There are a number of items $10 million to $15 million here and there globally in trade working capital that we need to go after. So it’s a priority for us in the second half.
Brian Stief: That would not be timing because it was an audit settlement payment that was not in our plan for fiscal 2015. And then the other item was actually an estimated tax payment that I mean some of that could be timing I guess with the second half. But I guess I wouldn’t necessarily view it that way.
Brian Stief: No, I mean, our approach in hedging is really if you look at some of our key commodities we’re hedging anywhere between 60% and 80% of that on an ongoing basis. So we aren’t going to see a significant bottom line benefit as a result to some of the commodity prices going down. We’ll see some benefit, but we’ve kind of applied that range as far as a comfortable hedging position for us.
Brian Stief: Yeah, we haven’t updated revenue guidance, Ravi. Rule of thumb is every nickel on the euro is $300 million top line.
