Alex Molinaroli: I will start that and Bruce, if you can add some more commentary to that. First off, I just think we are partnered with the right people and our partnerships with the local Chinese OEs and their partnerships happen to be with the right mix of customers, very similar to what you see in Europe. So we’re outperforming the market because we happen to have the right partners with the right products. And not to mention that they are gaining share themselves, meaning our venture partners. So it’s a little bit of both, we’re unfortunate to have the customer mix and we are gaining shares.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. So, as you’ll recall the GWS is going through a transformation around its delivery mechanism. And I think that, unfortunately because we had year-on-year one-time issue, it doesn't really demonstrate the kind of progress they’re making. They are making good progress against their objectives. I don't know it’s going to -- it’s not going to get easier for us, they’ve done of a lot change in a very short period of time. Our customers are not only acknowledging the changes but they’re helping us make these changes because it benefits both us and them. So at this point, I would say that they’re pretty much on track. But it’s early, we’ve only been in this for three or four months, so it's early, but I would say so far so good.
Alex Molinaroli: I’ll start, Bruce, then you can give more information. I -- in generally, just from my knowledge of that business. Our volumes overall are higher in North America, particularly in the aftermarket. So if we had to get cold weather in one region and warm weather in another region, it would be exactly how it’s happening here. So I think that the Europeans will have to make sure that they flex which is little tough in Europe, but in North America we’re going to see continue significant gains. So if I had to pick the weather pattern, I couldn’t get cold everywhere, I pick it the way it with. It’s more the tailwind than headwind I think.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. I think, well, we can't speak to -- I can’t give you that answer completely. I'm sure there's going to be incremental improvements. We are still -- we’re not starting up anymore but we are still, when you think about these plans. There’s still lots of efficiency to be gain. But nothing like this coming online new. I think one of the opportunities that we found is that, now that their extra capacities in the marketplace. We’re seeing the secondary totalers come to us looking for longer term contracts and in a much different way than they did five years ago. So there might be some benefits that we see that are outside of their own totaling just from and what we purchase.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. Yeah. I’ll take that, Rod. I think, let me comment, in the kind of early notes there is a lot of, I feel a lot of questions about power and margins. And maybe let me just kind of give little bit extra step back. We -- if you look at our guidance that we gave for this year, we talked about Power Solutions margins being up 50 basis points for the year, roughly speaking. If you look at where we are here in the first quarter and Rod, if you take out the non-recurring gain then what you would see is margins are roughly comparable to where they were in the first quarter of last year. So we’ve got little bit of the headwind to get to our full year number here. Now a couple things I would just point out in the first quarter. One, we -- that I talked about in my comments was we did see mix being a relative negative here in Q1 with OE being up substantially, aftermarket being largely flat. We don’t see that continuing for the balance of the year and so that’s as we sort of get flex back to normal mix here that will be headwind for us. We also do have higher -- offsetting some of the price increase or some of the investments that we’re making out of business. So the price increases that we implemented which were generally positive. We put in place to offset higher lead totaling cost. Some of the increase costs that we have to incur to be compliant with some of the new emission standards. And look at our own business, we -- in the first quarter, we have some charges associated with implementing new IT system. And we continue ramp up our investment on a year-over-year basis in battery -- in advanced batteries. I would also point out that generally speaking, if you look at our incentive compensation cost that we started off last year in whole. And on the year-over-year basis, incentive compensation in battery is little bit higher. And then lastly, we talked about the South American joint venture that we consolidated. So last year in Q1, every quarter we had equity income. This year that’s been necessarily consolidated. So you can think about our ownership right from 40% of that business to 90%. So last year, we had 40% of the profit and zero of the sales. This year, we have a 100% of the sales coming in than the corresponding profit. That business is a little bit dilutive to our margins but if you also factor in, the fact that’s what we are essentially doing is picking up 100% of sales and only 60% of profit, it’s a little bit of a headwind. Now that was in our guidance but I think those are the main issues I would say in terms of Q1. But our full year outlook at 50 basis point increase is stuff that we are still comfortable.
Alex Molinaroli: Well, what you are going to see as a result of that accounting change is a quarter similar to this one in the Q2. So you will see -- now when you make this accounting change, but it also -- what it does for us is because the length of a FIFO is out of the equation. Now, we can, I would say more efficiently run our factories and kind of more level load them because enough to worry about the volatility associated with buying and lead raw materials and things like that. So we can be more efficient in Romania at our plants operations. But what we are seeing here us Q2 and Power Solutions will be comparable to last year. We’ll see a big benefit on the other end of the spectrum and see a much, much bigger improvement in Q3. And the seasonality that will show this year would be kind of the mid norm, so nothing exciting in terms of margins in power in Q2. You will see the benefit really in Q3 and Q4.
Alex Molinaroli: The number are coming in -- I didn’t comment on our revenue. But I would tell you if you look at the first quarter here, probably 2% or 3% better like in aggregate than we saw with the bulk of that coming through in the auto space. So, I think if I was updating our revenue guidance, I would probably up auto and probably take a little bit off of BE at this point and for the company, we had a little bit of a tailwind here.
Alex Molinaroli: Okay. So, I will let Bruce handle second one. So in the battery business, especially in North America, we have liner side all way to the point of sale to our retail customers. So we are able to see what their point of sale is and then obviously what their order pattern is going to be got. As a rule of thumb, if we don’t get a cold blast in December, if we don’t get a good cold in December then we are probably going to get one restocking if that. If we get the kind of colds that we got here, we could get -- I never get a full turn but we are going to get the benefit of them of the retailers in particular having to stock more than once. So that’s probably what’s going to happen. We’re going to see with little pushing out things like the lawn garden shipments, that will probably get pushed out little bit because the demand is going to push out much more than it was in the past, so we are going to have to restock at the end of the season. So, I would say that that’s the rule of thumb and I can’t give you the numbers, but I could tell you that it’s more of a normal pattern, at least normal prior to the last couple of years. Sales from some of those customers were up 15% to 20% and we are shipping some of those batteries today.
Alex Molinaroli: The equity -- there’s a lot of investment there. What I would tell you, if you sort of look at AEs equity, let’s just talk about our seating business first. What you would see is our equity income there is up about 25%, so a little bit diluted there. We do have -- and you would say it kind of wires that. I mean, there’s a couple of larger joint ventures where we’ve got significant startup costs. As you know, there’s a lot of new production coming on with Volkswagen and Audi and Ford and others in the western part of the country, so building new facilities there. So that’s a little bit of a dilution for us. Interiors, our equity income was down couple million and more really just reflecting on customer mix. The other adverse thing I would point out is we did have equity income associated with this Power Solutions joint venture that went away. So when I said, we have $90 million gain. Last year, we had $2 million or $3 million of equity income. So, I guess the net year-over-year was about $16 million versus $19 million. So it’s really just investments that we are keeping that aren’t quite keeping up with that topline growth point grow, but I think we are pleased with where we stand, are we doing on some startup, some new startup JVs in there too as well.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. I would say that's probably, if you look at the pattern, the pattern is the same. If we make we make in first quarter guidance and we make the numbers that the guidance that we’ve given you for the second quarter. Is that itself for the right pattern if you look at our historical patterns. One difference this year that will give us more margin is our cost basis is dropping because of the restructuring.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. Let me start and Bruce can give in the backlog information. I think one another things that you have to recall and go back and look into your notes is what assumptions that we put in for the automotive business and what assumptions for Europe and North America. We probably didn't talk because it’s not top line so much about the China assumption or at least it's not a part of the top line conversation. I think what we saw in the first quarter, you could tell about our comments we were surprise as how strong it was everywhere. I personally don't believe that Europe is going to continue at that kind of strength. I think it's going to bump along, but I don't -- we're not predicting that it's going to continue to grow. We hope it does. But I think what you -- if you say conservative -- being conservative, I hope we were, but it was based on the assumptions that we gave you. And I would say that our ongoing backlog is going to become flatter, because we are going to not -- we are not going to invest the same -- at the same level we did in past. So you should see our margin improve which you actually see the kind of the growth that we saw in the past, because we're not going to make those investments. That's going forward. Bruce, I’m going to get something to add to that.
Alex Molinaroli: Hello. This is Alex. I’d be afraid to give you that number because some time we can take a look at and give you -- I just don’t. I -- most of you know on top of the head, Bruce and I was pretty close to it. I just -- I don’t have that number.
Alex Molinaroli: We are going to only do a $1.2 billion this year. So we decided and I think I may have talked about this when we had our November call. But we really think we decided it because it was quite a departure in terms of our past that we would front-end load. I would suggest that we should not do it sort of equally through the year but get out and have it back stronger here and do it all in Q1. We have not decided yet or even talked about as we get into the F’15, ’16. We can always combine on Q1. We are going to spread it out. We don’t have any answer for that yet. But I think the main thing is we are -- we did want to maintain some flexibility to look at M&A at some point in time here. For now, the $1.2 billion that we’ve done here in Q1 is all that we are planning on doing for this year.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. Just going to give you a couple -- I'm incredibly proud. As I said early on about what our teams accomplished. And we talk an awful lot here about what’s going to happen next quarter, some of the bridges from the first quarter and how conservative we are for the full year. I hope as we continue to go -- continue to ask questions about how we are changing the company, changing the portfolio of the company, profile of the company and how we are going to run the company. And I hope we continue to have that conversation because we made substantial progress in a very short period of time of getting some momentum and getting our team aligned. So, I just want to thank all of our employees. They are working extremely hard between restructuring to operational improvements and some of the changes that we are trying to make as far as how we operate and run the company. It’s a lot of change, very fast and they are responding well. So thanks to the employees and I appreciate all the good questions.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. And I would, Brain, I’ll maybe just add a couple of things. One is, we are seeing the benefit of our metals investment in China. So if you recall when we made the KEIPER and Hammerstein acquisitions, we -- one of the things we talked was the fact that we are significantly underrepresented metals in China and that business is now up and running and demonstrating strong growth. And the other sort of tailwind that we have is a lot of the Chinese own brand companies are putting more money to work in their interiors in an effort to compete with some of the European and North American brands. And so there, what we are seeing a little bit of the shift away from Chinese, independent Chinese-based suppliers in our ceiling business and to some extent interiors and that’s shifting to western suppliers, so they can compete on into quality and power lift with the Western European and North America. So there is just kind of two factors in addition to what our factor that our customs are gaining share that I would point too.
Bruce McDonald: Well, I think, I'm not sure. I agree with you, but maybe -- let me try my best here. If you look at the guidance that we've given for this year, so we said 315 to 330, which played against about I think we end up last year 260 or something like that. So if you think about up sort of euro and you look at kind of Q1 were up 33% so we’re front-end loaded on that one in Q2, up 45%. So the back -- the earning -- the year-over-year earnings growth that we have in the second half is lower than the first half. So I would say that the -- our earnings growth is front-end loaded not backend loaded. Having said that, if you look at our seasonality of the company, really because of Building Efficiency what you tend to see it, who earns about 65% to 70% of profit in the last couple of quarters, that's really what drives the year-over-year improvement. But maybe only other thing I could -- I would point to is if just look at Q1 and you said we'll take out the impact in December shutdown or let’s say the December shutdown in Auto, that's probably worth $0.05 a share in the current quarter. So I think I feel pretty good about our phasing here and maybe I'm just missing your question, Patrick.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. And I guess maybe I don’t think when the one point out would be that we're going to ask only thing, benefit from the restructuring activity.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. I think whether than -- or if I just look at our -- look at the guidance that we gave for 2014 in particular. We said North America we have 6% for the year, about 5%. We said -- we saw Europe will grow 2% for the year, it’s up 2. China we said -- we saw it will be up 11 and that was up 14. So generally speaking I think we’re generally above, clearly getting some -- we are getting some lift from our customer mix about those better than expected Patrick. And we are continuing to see clinically in Europe not that luxury car segment doing better than we thought. And so I just -- that would be hard for us to say I don't see, I think those things may not continue. So like I said to one of the early question, we probably have some revenue upside in Auto when I look at things in aggregate here. On the other hand, I would say BE revenue is probably little bit weaker than we thought. But in aggregate, we probably got some revenue upside here in the balance of the year. That -- I'm not back away from that.
Bruce McDonald: So, it's really more a comment on, to Alex’s point earlier, about the level of investment in North America and Europe, I think, what they’ve been used to be. Then the growth in China being pretty good but you're not going to see it consolidated sales line.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. Maybe I just give a little bit of some comments on the working capital. So you're right. We typically do have an outflow in Q1. Although, this was higher than in the previous year and a little bit of a disappointment actually coming out of the blocks here. So just look at where we finish the quarter, we had an outflow about $945 million, that’s about 700 million higher than last year. And I want to tell you, really look at the main items in there and kind of point to four things. One is timing of tax payments. So we probably worth about $300 million, a lot of tax planning and payments and sort of things delayed refunds on VAT and things like that, I see that all coming back, $300 million. And we do have, our fair share of some customers with December 31st year end, where I would say our, we did not get a payment in on by December 31st. We got in the first week of December. I would say in aggregate and that typically happens to us but in aggregate that’s probably about $100 million higher than the last year. Inventory for us here in Q1 was we kind of made a decision because of the clear weather that we are seeing in power to -- you saw continued over, I would say, overproduced, so even though we really good shipments out, we have $100 million more inventory than we have in the past in Power Solutions. And then, 2013, if you look at just the payments that we had associate with sales incentives and balances and things like that about $150 million higher outflow in Q1 than the prior year and again that will be, that’s all timely. So when I kind of go through all those items largely and this is pretty good about it being time and regulator, our full year guidance when we talk about being about $1.6 billion of free cash flow, we were forecasting a full year outflows of $200 million to $300 million. So my expectation here is in the second quarter some of these timing things will start to unwind and I think what you will see better cash performance in the second quarter than we had in the past.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. Well, it would be, if I was, but if you just look back the old segment, here is what the answer would be. So North America last year 5.7, this year 5.7 flat, that’s where you will see the impact of HomeLink heading us, only and it has a little bit of impact in the Europe, but generally speaking most of the dilutive impact of the HomeLink sale would have depressed North American margins and if I was sort of running that off to top of my head, I would say that’s probably 80 to 100 basis points. And Europe last year, I don’t have the margin on this I know last year we lost $105 million. In Q1, this year our lost is, which mainly associated with the shutdown. So in Europe overall we lost $8 million, so that we touch about $97 million improvement. And in Asia, we are at 12.1% last year, 150 basis points to 13.6% this year.
Bruce McDonald: While we talked about the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year for Auto in aggregate was 70 to 90 basis point improvement with seating being up somewhere between 100 and 120. We’ve been -- in terms of -- let's forget about electronics because that’s where the HomeLink in and out, it is kind of really confusion. But let’s say, if you looked at our interiors business, we talked about that business going from a minus 0.3 last year to a range of 1% to 1.2%. Interiors had a great quarter. That’s the probably the business that’s furthest along in terms of the restructuring because we sort of started at earliest. And so we probably had some upside in terms of our interior’s profit. But I think where we see seating come in that quarter 4.8% to 5%, number was -- I think we feel pretty good about that. If you would have probably take our Q1 number, just trying to think what I talked of both seating here. With 4.1 in the fourth quarter, we still had some -- obviously some loan figure on our medals improvement, I mean we are in the big year. We have improved. We got a lot of opportunity of, say, in the future quarters here.
