Glen Ponczak: Well, thank you, Mary Ann. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for joining us. Before we start here, I'd like to remind you of our forward-looking statement comments. We will make statements in this presentation that are forward-looking and therefore, are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements in this presentation other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. In this presentation, statements regarding future financial position, sales, costs, earnings, cash flows, other measures of results of operations, capital expenditures or debt levels and plans, objectives, outlook, targets guidance and goals are forward-looking statements. Words such as may, will, expect, intend, estimate, anticipate, believe, should, forecast, project or plan, or terms of similar meaning are also generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Johnson Controls cautions that these statements are subject to numerous important risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors some of which are beyond the company's control that could cause Johnson Controls' actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. These factors include the strength of the U.S. or other economies, automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy and commodity prices, availability of raw materials and component products, currency exchange rates and cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of Johnson Controls' most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended September 30, 2012, and Johnson Controls' subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Shareholders, potential investors and others should consider this factors in evaluating the forward-looking statements and should not place undue reliance on such statements. The forward-looking statements included in this document are only made as of the date of this presentation and Johnson Controls assumes no obligation and disclaims any obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this document. Talk a little about agenda here before we get started. Steve will give us an overview of the quarter and some market highlights as well. Then Bruce McDonald, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will talk more specifically about business results and the financial review. And we just talked to you a month ago, today, actually in New York at our Analyst Day, so our presentation here at the beginning is a little abridged from what we normally do by maybe slide or so, so that will be a little shorter. We'll keep the same amount of time that we normally do for questions and answers, but we expect to end the call about quarter of the hour. And with that, we'll turn it over to Steve.
Glen Ponczak: I guess -- and Tim, I guess I'm trying to project here, okay? But I mean, I think that what we're seeing is a -- we expect to see demand pick up. The cold weather should help us out here, the severe cold that's going to hit next week and this week so. And the rest of the country, I mean, what's happening now in Alabama, what we're seeing in California. So we expect to see the core issue not being an issue. We don't expect that right now.
Glen Ponczak: David, also Asia was up pretty significantly, a good double-digit sort of growth across OEM and service and aftermarket. So that was another component to that as well.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I mean, I'm not going to get into the -- like all the detail there, but I mean, I'll tell you what kind of the headlines are here, Rod, is -- we definitely seeing some margin pressure. So if you -- when I talk about our gross margin on a company basis being down, that was really driven by the auto Europe side of the business. And really what we've got there, as I'm sure you know, in Europe, we just can't take out the labor as quick as we can in North America because we have to go through a consultation with our -- with the various works councils and get sort of those signed off. So those are all progressing as we expected, but what you end up getting is the incremental labor flowing through until you can get it out. So that's quite a significant headwind there, if you put it in the context of our volumes being down 10%. And then, we always talk about, in the first quarter of our calendar year tends to be Q4 of our customers' year end, and so we typically have lumpiness in terms of commercial settlements that we are paying or getting from our customers, and those were -- from a year-over-year basis, those were adverse to us. So those would be the sort of line items.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, there's about 3 or 4, Rod. So when actually in our K -- in our Q, sorry, when you sort of see the pieces, there's some lumpiness in there. But the net impact is about $10 million.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, a little bit. I guess, maybe one thing to maybe make you folks feel a little bit better about that is that if you actually look at the solution -- Steve sort of talked about solutions a little bit in his comments. But if you actually looked at our order intake in solution, that's really what's driving the bulk of the decrease. It was down by over 40%. Those projects tend to be very -- we got a lot of big ones that we're working on, and they tend to revenue fairly slowly. So I wouldn't get overly concerned about the orders being down 9%, so we've got kind of a big problem coming at us in, say, Q3 and Q4.
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, I'll take that one, Ravi. Bruce here. I would tell you, if you sort of look at our plan here, Q1 we came in a couple of cents better than we were expecting. And if you kind of look and say, "What really drove that," I would tell you that the -- our revenues came in a little bit stronger than we thought. In the second quarter here, if you look at our outlook, it's probably $0.03 or $0.04 sort of weaker than we thought. And that would really be around the delays in flexing out the labor. So generally speaking, I mean, we did provide guidance that Q1 and Q2 would be down significantly. Maybe we could have done a better jobs, because I -- because if you sort of look at what the analyst models were for Q1, it wasn't too far off our internal plan. But for Q2, folks were down high single-digit, and I guess I wouldn't think that's significant.
R. Bruce McDonald: No, no. There is just like a -- there's like normal 90-day type consultation periods. There's nothing -- we aren't -- if you think about it, Ravi, we're not out doing something that everyone else in our industry is doing as well. So it's not that we're an outlier there. I mean, it's generally pretty well known that our customers are cutting down volumes. It's being somewhat erratic the way it's being done right now. But we're not an outlier, and we've been very successful in the past. And if you look at the scale of what we're doing versus what we've done before, we really don't have any reason to believe it should be problematic.
R. Bruce McDonald: I think -- I don't have the numbers in front of me, Tim, but I do think that we -- if you take out the impact of foreign exchange and [indiscernible] of the year, okay, we're looking at Power Solutions' margins being up about 50 or 60 basis points, okay? If you think about really where that -- what's driving that, it is really going to be -- one of the biggest -- it's sort of 2 big drivers. It'd be, one, the savings that we'll make from the increased recycling in Florence. And then you'll recall, in the back half of last year, we talked about having about $40 million or $50 million of headwind as we built up our lead core inventory as a one, sort of like a nonrecurring onetime hit that we took and that sort of goes away. So most of the power -- I mean if we look back to last year, Power Solutions had a great Q1 and Q2, exceptionally high margins that were -- are tough comps on this thing for us. And the real drivers of the year-over-year improvement are coming in the back half of the year.
R. Bruce McDonald: And I think, Tim, some of our competitors have made very similar comments. So our core inventories, we're starting to see them pick up here in the quarter, a noticeable improvement. I know one of our competitors made similar type comments, so that -- I think it's low risk.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, yes, well, I would -- if you sort of look at the -- we're basically using IHS, Brian. So if I just...
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, so we're looking at Western Europe being down about 14%, and I guess if you said East, which is around -- which is like 3.1 million, and that compares to 3.57 million last year. And Eastern Europe, it's down about 3%, about 1.7 million to just above 1.6 million. We -- those are sort of the industry numbers. And like I said in my comments, we've tended to see the volumes come in a little bit better than the overall industry when you're looking at year-over-year. And the factors are really, we are underexposed to the French and Fiat, we were [ph] less than -- less exposure to those customers, and they've tended to trail the market. And on the higher-end vehicles that are -- like the, let's say the BMW and Mercedes in particular, where they're manufactured in Germany, and I know there is some softness in exports to Asia, but less so to North America, but those have a lot more content, and we sort of benefit from that. So in Q1, that -- and even all of last year, that sort of made it a little bit better than the industry for us.
R. Bruce McDonald: It would be some of that, David, but I would tell you, the bulk of it is probably the pricing that we did. I mean, if you recall last May timeframe, we talked about -- we were implementing like kind of an environmentally -- we were upgrading our smelters and raising our prices to compensate for that, so that's fallen through.
R. Bruce McDonald: For sure. I mean, if you think about this quarter, like I said, we came in a few cents higher than we thought we would here, a couple of cents. And auto came in, was a little bit softer. The other 2 were stronger, so yes.
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, I guess maybe the one I would comment on, and I would just say just because of our diversification over in Europe, I would say that's a real factor. But the one that's most important for us is like I was talking about earlier, the luxury segment because we have a lot more content in that. And I know there was some worries around export strength, and that's held up very well. So in North America, the market's strong here and the high-end German exports are performing well. And I know there's a lot of concern going into this year about China and that market slowing down. The exports from Germany into China have not deteriorated markedly. So maybe -- those will be the important drivers for us, Rich, and...
R. Bruce McDonald: I mean, we are pleased. We didn't put anything in about our balance sheet, but we have felt good about that. As you said, the working capital outflow was quite a bit lower than last year. We typically have an outflow in Q1, the biggest thing being kind of like incentive compensation and like commission-type payments to our sales teams that typically flow in the first quarter. But yes, we feel -- I think we're still looking at plus or minus $100 million on working capital for the year. And the other thing I guess I would point out is if you did -- do look at our balance sheet, we obviously had 2 -- we have 2 normal quarterly dividend payments in the quarter because we pulled forward our January payment into December to help out our shareholders on the increased tax there. So we'll pick that up in Q2 because we wont have a dividend.
Stephen A. Roell: Rod, if I had to just -- see if I can help Bruce a little bit, too. I think if I had to box things for you, I would say -- and this isn't going to total 100%, but about 40% of our issue is operational, but it's not operational in the sense that how we run our plants. In some cases, we're making line moves. We're shipping production to different locations. We're doing a lot more of that to get our efficiencies up. That cost hit us in the quarter. Probably 25% of our issue is commercial, as Bruce described, and probably 20% is volume. So again, we still have the ability, as we've come throughout the year, to improve our results in this group, primarily by addressing some of the operational costs we're incurring.
Stephen A. Roell: Right. From an absolute standpoint, the only thing that we have to watch, too, is that lead price. We always look at our data without lead, without FX. Lead prices have skewed up, so we have to definitely watch that, but we normalize that in our -- in how we look at our data.
Stephen A. Roell: We haven't really described that magnitude, okay? I think, although the only thing I've alluded to, Brian, so far is the fact that, if you recall the STEP program that Beda referred to relative to the metals operations specifically, we expect to see a couple of hundred million dollar year-over-year comparison for the full year, okay? It does play -- it does pick up, as you would imagine, throughout the year, so it's a cadence that improves as we go through the second, third and fourth quarters. And we do see that happening, okay? I think the -- sometimes, I'm a little bit fearful that we put too much weight in terms of some of the operational experience, and then everybody thinks they have to do with machine utilization and scrap and things of that nature. In many cases, it's really our decisions to relocate equipment to the east and to move lines and actually incur those costs. They're not surprises to us. They're costs that we're accruing to help benefit future productivity. What I do see is in terms of our launch efficiencies, we get a scorecard that looks -- allows us to look at every single launch. And let's say that we've got -- pick a number, 80 new launches that are coming up in -- that are significant, and we color code those. And 2 of those are red right now, out of the whole group. So we feel very good about how -- what our cadence is in terms of our readiness for launch. The fact that we shouldn't incur a lot of issues, and we're not. We're still ensuring that we deliver the quality to our customers, and that's our -- still our biggest objective as we go through this. We're not -- we're seeing a significant decline in our premium freight, where we had to incur cost to maintain delivery levels. That struck off significantly. So the cadence isn't -- I guess the improvement is not at the level that we'd like to have, but nevertheless, it's at a fairly substantial improvement year-over-year. And we expect to see that continue in the third and fourth quarter. That's one of -- that's again one of the key second half versus first half stories.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, I'm sorry. So maybe let me just talk about the pipeline itself, okay? We have a tendency to look at it 2 ways. I look at it from a vertical market perspective. So I can look to say -- and that's probably more important to me David, to be honest, than anything else in terms of what's strong and what's not. Let me go back to give you some backdrop. If you look at the data from McGraw-Hill, it was sort of interesting to me in terms of the projections I gave you earlier regarding equipment and controls. And in general, let me just tell you what they're saying. They're expecting about a 7% drop in equipment shipments this year, and this is again domestic, and they're seeing about a 15% drop in controls and fire and security products. That's what they're projecting for '13 versus '12. And then when you get into the detail, they were forecasting that that softness would incur primarily in higher ed and in the government, both federal and state, okay? So that's what they've projected from the sample and the verticals. So now we go back and look at our pipeline, and we can -- this is -- again, for those of you that aren't familiar with this term, it's really the bidding activity we have in various states, and we can look at it and get a sense by vertical market across several different business categories or contract categories. If we just look at our systems business, which encompass our equipment and controls, what we see is that softness in state. That's probably our biggest concern right now is the softness in the state government activity. We see some softness in health care. We see flatness though in higher ed, Fed and K-12, which is a good -- which is good for us. And we actually saw some decent orders booked in those same very verticals in the past month. In our solutions business, which is more tied to our performance contracting business, that's where we're seeing some pick up. We're seeing it in the federal, K-12, and then more importantly there, we do see good state business, which makes sense to us. So the state government side there is stronger. So I guess what I would tell you -- and the solutions business typically is a longer cycle sale. So going back to your other comment, we do see that. We saw a number of contracts that got pushed from Q1 to Q2. We had 3 solutions contracts we booked in the first 4 days of January. So we did see some movement there, David. But that's the only thing I can tell you. I don't see a general, what would I would call it, lengthening of contracts or decision-making in our normal systems business. It's more in the performance contract, so the very large contracts.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, that's fair. So just to wrap up, I just have a few comments I'd like to make. And this is really -- maybe let me address some of the second half outlook projections for us and why. I mentioned earlier, I made reference to the fact that there really are 5 things that I would point to that give us confidence in our second half, but let me just go through those. The first is, as we've described and talked about today is the auto production, and the fact that right now in the current quarter that we're in, this should be the lull and everyone is expecting, including all the analysts, that we'll see a pickup in the second half both in Europe, as well as in North America. Secondly is the margins. I think we've described the fact that at Building Efficiency we're expecting to see a nice improvement in margins for the full year. I've been very impressed and pleased with the work that Dave's team has done. They've taken some initiative here again to control cost, yet again in the event that there's softness. So we've done some good contingency planning in BE, and I feel comfortable just like we've demonstrated last year that we'll see nice pick up in margins in the second half from BE, just as you saw in the first quarter. In the Power Solutions side, we've got a couple of factors. Bruce has alluded to Florence. We think -- if you recall last year, China was a drag for us. We talked about AGM pricing and those volumes picking up. We shouldn't have the core issues, so we expect all those factors to contribute to our second half for Power Solutions. Automotive, the key there is the improvement in our execution operations, in addition to the production volumes, and we feel we're getting some good traction in terms of the improvements there, particularly in our metals business. And Bill's doing a good job of stabilizing our Interiors business. And then finally, as you recall, we had the restructuring that we took in the third and fourth quarter, and we'll get beyond the nonqualified cost in the first half, and we'll start to see the benefits in the second half. So those are the 5 factors I would describe to you that give us some confidence in our performance and our outlook for the year, okay? So again, thank you very much for joining us, and let's hope for cold weather all the way through the East Coast next week, okay? Take care.
