George Oliver: Yes, good morning, Nigel. Let me start by saying our overall commercial business, both products and services, remains incredibly strong. And what I would say is across the board, hitting on all cylinders, we do continue to see strong bookings in our applied, in our rooftop – commercial rooftop businesses across the board.  When you look at our Building Solutions, you know we made great progress during the course of the year, improving the margins and the service momentum now is expected to continue. And when I look at our Building Solutions business, we've got a very strong backlog. And more important is, within that backlog, the mix of services that are coming through with the momentum that we've been building and now adding FM:Systems is going to be a big add to that.  Now, referencing the orders in Q4, in revenue in Q4, when you look at our residential and Fire & Security businesses, we have been experiencing some short-term pressure in our shorter cycle book-to-bill business and it's in those two areas. The inventories in the channel are resetting as we've been able to improve lead times and so therefore there are some short-term adjustments in the book-to-bill revenues.  But what I would say is with those adjustments, we're continuing to execute with the deployment of our new products and we're seeing good traction there and as we project going forward, we still see that coming back and being very strong as we set up for 2024.  So on the resi I think it's in line with what you're seeing across the industry and on Fire & Security is mainly in our products business, which ultimately is a book-to-bill business and therefore we're seeing that adjustment. 
George Oliver: No, Nigel what I'd say is that, you know we're still building the ‘24 plan, but I’d touch upon some key items here that I think really set us up well for ‘24.  When you look at the commercial markets and as I talked a little bit earlier, we see that are incredibly healthy, and are playing to our strengths, especially with the secular trends that are underway within the commercial space. And so that, we see with our orders up 8%, with our backlog up and our Building Solutions business that $12 billion and even in our Global Product business, despite some of the inventory adjustments, we are up about 8% in our Global Product business also.  And so when you look at that, that momentum is going to continue. Now if you add the stimulus spending that we don't believe has really been materialized yet, is in the background. And I believe with these secular trends and the combination of what we're doing in HVAC with our digital platform and our services are going to benefit really nicely from the investments that ultimately are going to be needed to drive sustainability.  Then if you look at our backlog, we look at this very closely. It's very resilient and very strong with the idea that we believe that even through the next quarter we've got an incredible pipeline that we're converting. We're working to develop the backlog, so that when we plan and ultimately enter into next year, we're going to have a nice backlog to work from.  Then the last is really the acceleration of the transformation of our Building Solutions business to services. You know that proposition is playing out. I would call it our flywheel, which has been accelerating, which is about creating installed base, getting that base connected with higher attach rates, with higher revenue per customer. That leads to lower attrition and then all of that spins out additional business like with our spare parts and upgrades and the like, so.  You know I feel that the current trends that we see and how we're being set up, we're going to set up for a nice 2024. But again, we can't predict the environment, but the trends that are underway, do play our strengths. 
George Oliver: And Steve, just a comment on that. As we've discussed, we've been building models, robust models from a COGS to value proposition standpoint, and it's calculated on, based on the inflation that we've built into our long cycle businesses and then how that plays out, to then the value proposition that we bring to our customers with the differentiated install, then ultimately which then leads to our service growth, and that's what's in the overall equation there as far as price. 
George Oliver: Well, as it relates to the overall growth, I mean I think this is the first that we've seen where now our service growth on a sustained basis is outpacing our install. And so when you go back to the strategy of the company with our building solutions business, was to make sure we use install very strategically and how we build our install base with our assets, with our equipment, and then with the digital assets and enable us to be able to extract, you know over the life cycle the services.  And now with the digital content that we have, we're not only enhancing what historically we've done, but it's now given us the opportunity to add additional services with the customers that we're serving. And so we feel very good about continuing to sustain that growth rate of services. That will be a natural mix, you know with the revenues that turn within our building solutions business globally.  And we’re seeing it; the traction is in every one of the regions. I mean, this is not isolated into one vertical or one region; it's pretty much across the board. And so with that, that combines what Olivier said around margins. We continue to drive strong productivity, both in COGS as well as SG&A. So that combined with the mix of services is going to continue to accrete margins within our building solutions business. 
George Oliver: And Julian, relative to just pure price when we're planning for ‘24, we see continued pricing now certainly at a reduced level. But given the continued inflation and how we're booking that inflation into our backlog, we still see pricing playing out as we plan for ‘24. 
George Oliver: So, when you look at our go to market, and we look at this very closely on a weekly, monthly basis. When you look at our pipeline, our pipeline is continuing to grow. And so as we look at whether it be domain-by-domain, or as we look at our Building Solutions now addressing these secular trends, we're building a very strong pipeline. And on a run rate basis, as we project Q4, we still see very strong order growth in Q4.  And so it is hard to dissect exactly from a vertical standpoint, because we see pretty broad strength across whether it be industrial, data centers, we talk about government, there's a lot of strength that we see here. And we're making sure that from a go-to-market standpoint, we're going to be positioned to be able to capitalize on where the growth will occur. And then the value propositions that we have as it relates to these secular trends, it really does tie to be able to create the most amount of value. And then our solutions business really builds an attractive service business from that.  And so as I set up for ‘24, it's going to be critical here as we pace through the fourth quarter with the order rates to really set up a backlog, because our Building Solutions business, at least from an install standpoint is pretty predictable over the next 12 months. And that backlog continues to build, and our pipeline and conversion right now in Q4 suggests that that's going to continue at a very strong rate. 
George Oliver: Nicole, when we look at all the work we've done on the price cost over the last couple of years, especially in this inflationary environment, when you look at the margins and backlog in our EMEA/LA business are very strong going forward, and so it's a matter of just the timing of the conversion. 
George Oliver: So when you look at those businesses and the applied Fire & Security products we put through our Building Solutions business and we're starting to see that that's very strong and picking up and it's critical to our Building Solutions business as far as how we create value and ultimately create service, so that is coming back nicely.  And then on the indirect channel where we see the pressure, the same has happened there relative to the timing of orders based on the reduced lead times. And so our assessment based on – with the understanding that we have with our distributors and the pulse that we have across the globe that that's going to come back. That we're starting to see sequential improvement and then getting baseline here that for ’24, you know assuming the economic conditions are somewhat stable.  We have been outperforming with our products and our new product launches and the like. So we are confident that we're going to – that's going to come back and we're going to be positioned to be able to pick that growth up as it adjust. 
George Oliver: Well Gautam, we've seen that, it's already been playing out here over the last, really the last couple of quarters as it relates to our global products business. Because everyone, as supply chain began to improve and lead times reduced, it allows our customers to be able to back off what they have to carry and still be able to deliver on their commitments. So that has been playing out.  We think that there's still a little bit left here with resi going forward. So a little bit more in the indirect Fire & Security, but we've already seen a lot of that impact on our book-to-bill business in over the last couple of quarters. So we're positioned here to get through that over the next quarter or two and that'll be positioned to be able to build backlog and have conversion, strong growth in ‘24. 
George Oliver: No, on the direct channel actually because we ultimately – you know from end-to-end we are responsible for delivering to the customer. So whether it be even in our Resi direct stores, we saw a nice growth in our resi direct stores because we ultimately own the channel and we saw a nice pickup there.  On our Building Solutions business, you know as far as the predictability of our projects and how we're converting, we're very tight relative to what is going to be consumed and how we're going to deploy it to the field. 
George Oliver: Let me talk about the, on the front end of demand. And so what you've seen over the last couple of years, we have been very aggressive not only with the development of our product portfolio, but also our capacity to be able to serve the market. And if you look at our orders in applied, we have been getting more than our fair share. We believe that market share-wise we are up a number of points here on a year-on-year basis. We've been building backlog in our applied equipment, and we can follow up and get you an average size.  But right now, because of the expansion, we've more than doubled our capacity. And so, and we're pacing with full utilization of that capacity. So we're ultimately making sure that we're going to be positioned with the demand. And that from a lead time, seeing a point that's been very important to be able to then be able to respond and be able to create the value with our offering and then be able to then convert on time, to be able to capitalize on the demand.  Some of these projects are – they are – it can be over a year. But a lot of the – there are now a lot of projects coming into the market that cycle time matters, and you can create a lot of value because you have a short of lead time, where we have orders that we're taking on now that we're going to deliver next year in ‘24. And so from a positioning in the market, we have positioned ourselves to get a very strong order book in our applied business. And that is a core strength of ours across the globe. And it relates to what you said, EV plants, data centers, the chip manufacturing plants and the like.  And so on the average size that you can imagine, when you get these large data center customers, they have very large installations, and have multiple pieces of equipment that are deployed to be able to support the capacity that they are building. 
George Oliver: Yes, we've always said, when you look at our procurement organization and the work that they do, even through this period of time, we've been strategically sourcing and making sure we're leveraging our scale and demand to drive productivity, drive savings, to try to offset some of the inflationary pressures on the commodities and the like.  So our team has done a really nice job through the cycle to do that, and the answer is of course, yes. I mean, we're now planning for continued strong productivity with our scale, with our buy, making sure that we're positioned at the lowest cost, with the leverage of our overall volumes that gives us a competitive advantage, when you look at our product cost or all of our costs within our cost of goods. 
George Oliver: So on that, I want to close the call. I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning and certainly your continued interest in Johnson Controls. I do believe we're at the beginning of an era that will be defined by deep decarbonization and sustainability. And we are, as Johnson Control is well positioned to be an important contributor to empowering our customers in every industry to create healthy, safe spaces for people on the planet.  And I think our strategy is clear. It's playing out. We have a strong portfolio and now it's just about continued execution. So with that operator, that concludes our call today. 
Olivier Leonetti: An additional comment on the margin, Nigel. First of all in gross margin we see expansion gross margin, George mentioned it. Services is growing faster than install now. We are using install as a vehicle to drive service. So we should see gross margin expansion and also we're working on further SG&A leverage as we standardize and leverage also functional excellence across the organization. So top line and margin, we believe we are well positioned for ‘24. 
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look at the top line today, in the Building Solution Business, the top line is very strong. The order moment is expected to continue in the fourth quarter. We have good visibility today based upon where we are today in the quarter.  You have in the top line some inventory adjustments happening in the channel that is impacting our shorter cycle business, resi and Fire & Security. George mentioned that that would be an impact on Global Products, but we see that as being temporary.  If you look at the margin, we believe that the fill business, our business solution, business margin will keep improving. In the Global Product business, we see the margin being slightly flat. What is happening in the global business, you have that in Q3, it's happening in Q4. So it's some absorption as we are ramping applied volumes to drive market share and lead time. We have had some absorption impact and also we are normalizing inventory. Inventory in finished goods went down by about 20 days in about two quarters, that is impacting also absorption. So that's the story in terms of margin, Steve and revenue. 
Olivier Leonetti: No, you’re right. I'm confirming the number. What we do probably at some stage, we need to think about how we treat amortization of intangible Noah. Relative to what appears today, we are not guiding EPS in the same way we look at this. And we expect the accretion to start in at the start of next fiscal year. 
Olivier Leonetti: I would add Jeff, they go together. We are now driving in-store to drive services. It wasn't the case before. So you will see margin expansion also, because we are very selective on install and to your point on the SG&A, the much more is to come in terms of SG&A leverage as we standardize our operations further and we're in the middle of this and leverage functional excellence.  And we have said that and our level of conviction is actually increasing. We believe we can deliver over the next year and forward, 30% incremental for the company because of those two phenomena, margin and SG&A. 
Olivier Leonetti: It's quite exclusively relating to deals, and if you look at our peers today, we are the only one to have not adjusted for deal amortization in our EPS. So we are looking at that as a potential for next year Jeff, but all deal related. And the Tyco-Johnson Controls merger would be the lion's share of this amortization. 
Olivier Leonetti: So on productivity, we are far from being done. Our program that we announced about two years ago is going to end, we're well on track. We'll deliver about $340 million for FY’23 through SG&A and COGS, but much more is to come in terms of productivity, both impacting sales and G&A against standardization and driving functional excellence are going to be the drivers for this. Price cost, George mentioned it. We are very bullish about the value proposition of offering, either through solution and including services, but also through the product portfolio where we have a strong in commercial sustainability offering. So all of that should drive a margin expansion through G&A, scaling gross margin and price cost. 
Olivier Leonetti: So Nicole, if you look at EMEA/LA, there was nothing fundamentally different with this business, which would prevent us to reach a strong level of segment every day margin. What you have happening in EMEA/LA this quarter, and that's about 150 basis points of headwind in margin, its two things: One, pension costs, and also FX in our business in Argentina. We have a strong business in Argentina in our subscriber business.  So if you were to remove those, the margin in EMEA/LA would have increased by about 140 basis points in the quarter. You will have some of those impacts again in Q4 impacting EMEA/LA. But again, nothing structural in EMEA/LA. 
Olivier Leonetti: The answer is absolutely yes. If you go back to the quarter, we had because – we are ramping the manufacturing of applied, we want that to be very competitive in lead time. We have a very competitive set of products. So as we are ramping manufacturing of lead time, we had an impact in conversion costs. Again, as we have normalized for inventory, we have produced less that is impacting conversion cost as well.  The combined impact of those two elements is a bit more than a point in the quarter, Nicole. And we believe that we will have some of that happening in Q4, but we see absolutely margin expansion happening in our global products business. 
Olivier Leonetti: I would say that on the year, this impact is about 1 to 1.5 and then you could do the math for also Q4. It's in the ballpark of 1 to 1.5 of full impact on the year. 
Olivier Leonetti: And George said that earlier, Gautam, the order rate for the Building Solution business is very strong in Q4. 
Olivier Leonetti: And additional color Andrew, we mentioned that earlier, the stimulus we have had in the U.S., or in Europe, so the IRA or the equivalent stimulus in Europe, have not impacted the demand so far. So we believe that those trends we are starting to see are going to be maintained. And last one, we book an order when we received a signed firm contract Andrew. 
A - Olivier Leonetti: The revenue in global product would be growing low single digits to flat, and the margin would be expanding to flat for global products, because of the two phenomenons I've mentioned Steve. 
A - Olivier Leonetti: We don't talk about price anymore for the building solution business, because we sell a solution. It's difficult to differentiate price from volume anymore, and we have discussed about this. But you know overall, pricing and value proposition is resonating with our customers. 
A - Olivier Leonetti: The inventory Noah, you mentioned it. We had a good progress in inventory reduction in Q3. We have good momentum as I indicated. We have reduced our finish goods, level of entries in days by about 20 days, so that's where the focus is.  As lead time is improving, we have seen some inventory adjustments in the channel and that is impacting on the short term, our ability to dispose of the inventory at the speed we had anticipated. But we believe it's a short term phenomenal and we believe that we are absolutely going to return to a 100% free cash flow conversion next fiscal. 
