Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' second quarter 2017 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning, as well as the conference call slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Alex Molinaroli; President and Chief Operating Officer, George Oliver; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you view today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we've included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions, and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins, exclude transaction, integration, and separation costs, as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release. All comparisons to the prior year are on a combined basis, which excludes the results of Adient, and includes the results of Tyco net of conforming accounting adjustments and recurring purchase accounting. Now let me quickly recap this quarter's results. Sales of $7.2 billion in the quarter, increased 3% year-over-year on a reported basis, excluding the net impact of FX, M&A and lead pass-through pricing, sales grew 2% organically. GAAP loss per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls' ordinary shareholders was $0.16 and included net charges of $0.66 related to special items. These special items were primarily composed of a non-cash tax charge related to the announced divestiture of the Scott Safety business, transaction, integration and separation costs as well as restructuring and impairment charges. Adjusting for these special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.50 per share compared to $0.45 in the prior year quarter. Now, let me turn the call over to Alex.
Antonella Franzen: And Nigel, the only other thing I would point out is, remember our – the legacy Tyco retail business actually sits in the field, and that is continuing to perform well.
Antonella Franzen: Yep. It fully offsets with the net financing charges in the third quarter that's why you don't see it on the bridge.
Antonella Franzen: Yep. So, when you look at the productivity and you look and you see where that sixth sense of synergies and productivity is, you have a piece going through Buildings that George had referenced early of about $30 million and then the rest of it remember you have some through Power because they're having productivity as well because it's synergies and productivity and you also have a piece of that going through corporate. So it's going across all three of those.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Thanks, Antonella. Good morning, everyone. So, if we start on slide 5, I'd like to talk about the overview of the results and some of the commitments we've made over the past few months, both at our Annual Meeting, our Investing Meeting and then also at our Analyst Call. So, we had strong quarter earnings at 11% year-over-year growth and is at the top end range that we provided you at $0.48 to $0.50. And a lot of that came from our continued focus on our productivity and the integration efforts. If you go back and look at the commitments that we made as an organization, I think that we couldn't be more proud of our employees and it both came from productivity driven through our Johnson Controls operating systems initiatives along with the merger synergies. And in fact, we've seen around a $70 million benefit for the quarter, which is accelerating, so we're very pleased with what we're seeing and I just want to thank our employees. It would be very easy for our employees with all that's going on to not stay focused on the task and we've been able to generate the synergies and the cost savings which will bode well for the future. It leads me to the organic growth, particularly within buildings. We're starting to see the acceleration of our organic growth, particularly in our field businesses and once again that's where we're doing most of our integration efforts, so that's a strong signal to us that we're going to continue to see growth throughout the rest of the year and gives us confidence. I'd really like to also point out and George will go through this in a little more detail, we had really strong strength in our HVAC businesses, particularly our light commercial and residential businesses. We outpaced the market and most of that has to do with launches of new products and the investments that we've seen over the past few years. And we're seeing some stabilization within the legacy Tyco fire protection products businesses and that bodes well for the future also. The other thing that happened within the quarter is some of our strategic portfolio actions. Specifically, we closed the sale of ADT South Africa and we announced the divestiture of Scott Safety to 3M. Both of these are very important as it relates to those businesses within the legacy Tyco organization being able to sell those assets is important as it relates to the TSarl debt which as you recall was a $4 billion debt that was put in place to facilitate the transaction between Johnson Controls and Tyco, and accelerating that repayment of debt is going to be good for us moving forward. Related to that, is the share repurchase program of $500 million which is an increase from the previously announced $200 million to $250 million share repurchase program, that's already in place. So, that takes us up to $750 million for the fiscal year. So, the Scott Safety transaction will not be dilutive. If you go to page 6, I'll go a high overview of the numbers before I turn it over to George. If you look at our net sales of 3% reported and organic of 2%, buildings was up 3%. I talked earlier about driven mostly by our field organization and power is off 1%. And that was mostly a seasonal view, particularly because of some of the weather and restocking along with strong orders that we received a year ago, in China, when we first opened our new plant. And from a results standpoint, if you look at the impact of lead, it's pretty important because if you pull out lead, which was up significantly for the quarter, we had a 7% increase excluding both foreign exchange and lead, and there was a significant impact to our bottom line, I mean, to our top line and also impacted our margin. So if you adjust for that, we had a 7% increase in earnings driven by real strong performance in our Power Solutions business. And that leads us to the 60 basis points improvements in overall margins. The integration of our Buildings business as it accelerates and we get more and more confidence, we're going to see the bottom line continue to improve. And now that we're starting to see the organic growth within our Buildings business, gives us an awful lot of confidence to tighten our guidance for the year, which Brian will talk about, which is the 13% to 16% range, later in the presentation. So with that, I'm going to turn it over to George, he'll talk about the merger activities and also some more specifics around the business performance.
Alex A. Molinaroli: So, I'm going to turn this over to George cause he's into the details, but I just give you a sense for the back half of the year, particularly with legacy Johnson Controls. What I would tell you is that, the leverage on the volume is going to be the biggest single thing, but you also have to remember particularly in legacy Johnson Controls, the HVAC business itself is the service business is high margin and the volumes there are much different than they are in the winter season. So, you're going to get two things that are going to be incremental. George could talk about the backlog, I don't think there is anything significantly different about the backlog but there is going to be a lot more volume running through there.
Alex A. Molinaroli: So I was just going to add one more thing that the Hitachi sales were down for the quarter. We have line of sight to some orders that are seasonal that last year, we saw in one quarter and now we're going to see in the third quarter. So I also think that we have some pretty good confidence around the Hitachi business also.
Alex A. Molinaroli: And Nigel, this is Alex. I thought I would use it – since you ask about share, we talked about growth in products because one of the things that's, may not be clear, as we looked at how we put out our numbers, and as we pull together the organization – and I mentioned it, but I just wanted to put a little finer point on it. Our Light Commercial and Residential businesses are performing extremely well and outperforming the market, and as I look at what's happening with our peers, and we're just – I'm really proud of what the team is doing, and we're seeing the same thing in our Applied business. So, our HVAC businesses are really doing well, and then I think then as the volumes increase seasonally, that's going to drop to the bottom-line. So I just wanted to make sure that didn't get lost because of how we're reporting the numbers here.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah. Just on Power, for a lot of you, it might be your first cycle through Power. So, you may not have lived through this, but a lot of the seasonality is something that happens, it's not something to worry about, what you worry about is if we lost any share, and we haven't lost any share, in fact we've gained share and then when you think about the growth in the emerging products around AGM that's really going to bode well for the future. So I think our confidence level is high. We can't control sometimes the quarter to quarter seasonality, but I think the team there, when we talk to them, they feel pretty good about the rest of the year. As it relates to Buildings, I mean I think George hit it right. I feel good about the progress we're making and I think that the fact that we're starting to see the orders come through certainly within the field and then just going to come through in the products, I think we'll start seeing the leverage. And I think that shows up and it's tightening the range.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Hey, Deane. What I would say is that this is going better than we thought. And, just to put it in simple terms, you talked about one project because we highlighted it. But there are, we're tracking these things, all the way here because it's an important part of why we did this, and things are happening quicker than we thought. And then George is a little bit modest because we've adopted an organizational change particularly in North America where we're bringing people together. And so, a lot of the – kind of the underlying question about, how hard is this to work together, a lot of those barriers are already broken down. So, I am really bullish on this. And in fact, it was a big strategic question a year ago, would we get the pull through and the cross selling that we expected and I tell you it's going to be better than we thought.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Well, Deane, we certainly are going to tell you everything that we're doing. But I would just say that we're looking across our portfolio as our strategy gets tighter and tighter around being a leader in Buildings and Energy, it helps us understand, what are some of the opportunities there. Because what we want to make sure is we invest in the businesses that makes sense for us. When you think about the Scott Safety business, what a great business that is. It's a fantastic business. But you know, it's probably not at the right place when you think about where we want to invest going forward. So I guess, the short answer is we're continuing to look, I think that what we've done so far is right on point. And I know that legacy Tyco folks will open up their portfolio, certainly at Johnson Controls we're doing the same thing. Now, we have a different framework, because we're a combined company and we certainly are taking a relook at some things that maybe, we haven't thought about in a while. So just kind of leave it with that unless you have something to add, George.
Alex A. Molinaroli: So Julian, the last thing I'd just add to this, if you look at it on a long-term basis, there's two things that are going to end up happening, underlying. First is, our AGM mix will continue to add as a positive to our margins and then we're going to continue to launch capacity particularly in China and as we go through the launch of some of these China plants, it will be a little bit lumpy as that happens. So those are the two things, I mean there's obviously lots of other things as it relates to timing, but if you think about our business moving forward, overall margins will improve, but as we add capacity there will be some lumps in this as we go.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Sure. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. I just would like to recap a couple of things. One is, if you look at the businesses, if we're going to see growth this quarter, it's good to see that the Buildings business getting on track. And I feel like we're going to gain some momentum. And underlying that, we got some stabilization in our products business, the fire protection products business, and some real strong growth in our HVAC businesses, particularly in our light commercial, residential, and even our applied equipment. So, we think that'll continue and then the other part around our merger cost synergies we're more and more bullish. We've gotten through the corporate piece of this and now we're moving into the Buildings part of it and it's going well. In the meantime, the sales synergies, and I referred to that earlier, that's secured, that we're seeing through the cross-sell opportunities is a real opportunity. I mean, this is not something that is an abstract. We see the projects, we see excitement and our customers are really embracing this opportunity. So, it's going to be a tailwind for us in the long run. And so, we're pretty confident we have the right strategy. We look forward to talking about this over the next few months with everyone, but things are getting clear and clear and the teams are coming together. So, I just want to leave it at that and I'll talk to you soon.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, Gautam. I think to understand the third and fourth quarter, I think we need to drill into the second quarter and then I'll walk you to what you can expect here in the third and fourth quarter. So in the second quarter, the guidance we provided was for a modest increase in the margin rate in the second quarter. And so what happened was, when you look at the margin that came through we're getting tremendous productivity in costs savings as it relates with the synergies, that's coming through, that's 50 basis points. The investments that we're making both 30 basis points and when you drill into that, I would tell you across the board we're getting great traction with those investments. Whether it be in the applied space with our chiller investments, whether it be in the DX space with the work that we're doing in resi and in small commercial, in the control space with our launch of Metasys 8.1 and there's the Verasys platform. And then across the Fire and Security businesses with the new investments we're making where in spite of the pressure that we've had with the heavy industrial, high-hazard we continue to make great progress there. The second piece is that we had a project, a very large project that we took a significant charge here in the second quarter that has impacted our margin rate by about 20 basis points. And then the last, I think, is most important as we project third and fourth quarter, is the unfavorable mix, which is about 30 basis points. And when you think of that mix, our growth, the 3% growth that we achieved in the second quarter was driven by install. And as you know the install revenues come through at a lower margin. And that, at the same time, when our product business was down about 1%. So as you project going forward and that was roughly 30 basis points which drove the 30 basis point decline in total. So as you project the third quarter and fourth quarter, we have inflection in our products, we see continued momentum in the legacy BE product businesses. We start to see, we – sequentially we are seeing growth in the Fire and Security product businesses and they'll continue to accelerate in the third quarter and fourth quarter and so that is good mix coming through. And then as the Alex talked about, seasonally we start to get our pickup in service revenues in the third quarter and fourth quarter which is good mix. And then with the, just the nature of the business being higher volume in the third quarter and fourth quarter, we get nice leverage on that volume. And so as we look at now third quarter and fourth quarter, we're positioned to deliver about a 90-basis point improvement in margin rate. And that ultimately supports the overall margin rate that we projected for the company for the year.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, Nigel, let me start with Hitachi. So starting there we do see from a second quarter to third quarter last year, we had a timing of shipments that ultimately now this year has pushed to the third quarter. That's going to give us a nice lift within the legacy BE product portfolio. When you look at products in total, just pure volumes, and that starts with the – the demand that we see in the – in the order rates that we're seeing across our – across all of our product businesses accelerate in the third quarter and fourth quarter. And as I've been – we've been talking about in the legacy Tyco product businesses, we've seen sequential improvement continuing every quarter. And although, we have been – we went from mid – down mid-single digits in the first quarter, down low single digits in the second quarter, we're going to inflect here in the third quarter and fourth quarter. We're seeing continued acceleration with the end markets recovering that we support. So, that gives us a lot of confidence with that mix coming through, as well as service. When you look at the – the service business across both sets of businesses coming together. Think about it this way. We've got a tremendous field organization, that now has come together, that have a combination of customers that they are serving and now we can take our combined capabilities to be able to do a lot more for the customers that we serve. And we're already seeing some of that traction come through. And so, we are very confident that we're going to see an uplift there with that mix in the third quarter and fourth quarter, typically, it's a seasonal high for us. But above and beyond that, we believe that with some of the revenue synergies that we see, we're going to be able to capitalize that in the second half. And that again would be very positive mix to the overall portfolio.
George R. Oliver: No, Nigel. As we look at all of our product businesses, we've been performing and continuing to maintain and grow share across all of the segments. So there is no concern there as far as losing share. When you look at the type of product businesses, there was similar type pressure within the Scott Safety as it relates to the heavy industrial, high-hazard business. Recall that we had bought the IST Business, which gave us a bigger portfolio, bigger footprint into that end market, that has been somewhat pressured here short-term. But again, we're beginning to see a very nice pipeline of orders or activity in orders coming through, and that will also inflect here in the second half of the year.
George R. Oliver: So, Jeff, just to go through each of the segments, so when you look at Buildings and what we're seeing not only in the – we're building a very strong pipeline. We're beginning to convert at a higher rate that pipeline and that's positioned us to continue to accelerate the revenue that we achieve. Now remember there was a large shipment last year in Hitachi that moved from second quarter to this year's third quarter, that's going to be a significant contributor to the pickup in organic growth this year. And then with what we see coming through based on what's been booked, we see continuing at or above the rate that we're currently at in the third quarter and being able to continue to accelerate in the fourth quarter on that conversion that gets us to roughly, it's roughly 2.5% for the – roughly, kind of mid – 2.5% to 3% for the year within the segment. So, we're feeling very good about our ability to be able to execute on that. In the Power business it really depends on how the lead fluctuates and how it's reported. But at the end of the day, we're right now seeing a roughly mid-single-digits in the third quarter. We typically have our seasonal high in the fourth quarter and based on what we see today, that's going to be very strong in the fourth quarter. So as we look at the total year, we're still in the 4% to 6% range for the organic growth in Power. So overall we feel very good about the activity that we see, how we're converting the market activity and ultimately the position that we're in to be able to deliver on the second half.
George R. Oliver: Yeah. So, we're going through a major integration of our field force in North America, and certainly, we're going to be positioned as a leader across all of our domains. And what's been nice is, while we're going through that process, the teams are working within their current structures in how they're continuing to serve customers. And while we're integrating all of our systems and processes, have found ways to be able to leverage the customer base that we serve today. And then, as new opportunities are coming up, we're getting kind of first look on those opportunities with the other domains that we are not serving those customers with. And that is simple as that. That's what this was. We have a strong relationship in one of the businesses, working with this customer, and then have gone forward to say, this would – this is what our total capabilities are and what we can ultimately do. It came through one bid opportunity that we put all of our capabilities together. And because of that, we can maintain our fundamentals, while we're getting the additional growth by putting all of our capabilities together. So, we're seeing this, a lot of this activity, across our entire field, and that's what's building a pretty robust pipeline of opportunities that we're beginning to covert.
George R. Oliver: Just for everyone's knowledge, if you remember, we are now talking about productivity and merger synergies as one bucket. It kind of goes all...
George R. Oliver: ...the way back to the EPG conference. That's – that's really our – if you want to go with the framework we're using, it goes back to EPG a year ago, and it's the framework we've put in place.
George R. Oliver: Yeah. So it's in the legacy BE portfolio in North America, very large project that working with the customer we had accelerated the execution of that project and took on some additional charges. And so, with that, we'll continue to work with the customer and it's hard to predict ultimately what we'll recover. But at the end of the day, it's being positioned to deliver on what we've committed to the customer that we're serving, and took some additional costs in the quarter.
Brian J. Stief: I would just add this, Jeff, to summarize what George said, I mean, when we look at Q3, we've really got Buildings around 3% as it relates to organic sales growth and I think Power Solutions is probably in the 4.5% to 5% range and when you put those together, we're in that approximate 3% organic growth for Q3 and based upon what our teams have told us and us looking at opportunities, we think that's very doable at that 3% level for Q3, so.
Brian J. Stief: Yeah. That's still something we're going to have to look at, Jeff. I mean, technically, the answer is until that entire $4 billion is paid off, you have to have pretty robust procedures and controls in place to ring-fence that debt. There may be a practical level at which time you look at it and say if it's down at a certain level, you don't necessarily need to be as strict with the rules. But I would tell you that if we get that down to $1.5 billion to $1.7 billion at the end of next year, we've always kind of looked at 2018 as being further pay down. And once that gets down to less than $1 billion, I think we probably have a little bit more flexibility relative to share repurchase. But I would just tell you that's something we haven't fully analyzed yet. But the good news is, the pay down of the debt is coming at a much faster rate than we had anticipated quite honestly six months ago.
Brian J. Stief: Yeah. Julian, I think, it really is a function, with the lead prices where they are now, there will be pressure on reported margins. But if you look at our margins ex-lead, we should see positive improvement year-over-year there. So with the volatility in lead, you really need to look at those margins, as you know, ex-lead and those should be up year-over-year.
Brian J. Stief: Well, I think the leverage that we've talked about historically has been 2% to 2.5% and I think with the choppy cash flow we've had in 2017, you really need to look to 2018 to see what type of balance sheet flexibility we're going to have. But, I think once we get out of this year, as I mentioned, we still target 80% free cash flow conversion, but that's on an adjusted basis, right. So we're going to need to get into fiscal 2018, kind of get our feet underneath us a little bit relative to a year that's a bit more normal. And, I think with the cash flow in fiscal 2018, we're going to be in a position where we can further pay down debt and improve our leverage position. Now, the one thing, I'd point out as we look at fiscal 2018 and 2019, the term debt payments that we have coming due are pretty nominal. It's really into 2020 before we start seeing any term debt repayments of any significance. So, we've got a lot of flexibility as we look at 2018 and 2019 and our cash flow gets to a more normalized position.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Yeah. I guess, I'm just trying to figure out why productivity didn't read through more in building efficiency. Is it, is there greater productivity somewhere else maybe at corporate or in the battery business maybe? I would have thought the productivity would have been higher there.
Charles Stephen Tusa: Okay. Got it. So, it's a little more than just kind of the pure acquisition synergies, so some of the base stuff that they were doing at Battery prior. And then just one – one last one.
Charles Stephen Tusa: That makes a ton of sense. And then, just lastly, this $10 million hit on the contractor project this quarter. What precisely type of project was that? Was that in old JCI, old Tyco? I would assume it was an install job.
