Glen Ponczak: Good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us and happy Friday. Before we begin, I’d like to remind you of our forward-looking statements. Johnson Controls will make forward-looking statements in this presentation pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2010 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements, the Company cautions that numerous important factors, such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix, and schedules, financial distress of key customers, energy prices, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of, or changes to commercial contracts, liquidity, changes in the levels or timing of investments in commercial buildings, the ability to execute on restructuring actions according to anticipated time lines and costs, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of the Company’s Form 10-K filing, which was filed on November 24th, 2009, that could affect the Company’s actual results, and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by, or on behalf of the Company. Joined this morning with – by Steve Roell, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Johnson Controls, who will provide an overview of our second quarter 2010. And he will be followed by Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, who will give a more in depth look of business results as well as a financial performance. And that will be then followed by questions and answers. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Steve.
Glen Ponczak: Teresa [ph], we are ready for questions. If I could ask everyone on the phone please if you’ve got multiple questions, if you could just ask one question and then hang up and get back into queue, in that way we can be fair to everybody who would like to ask a question. And with that Teresa, we will take questions now.
Glen Ponczak: Unless you make – it’s Glen here – you might see a little bit as well once the air conditioning season sort of comes full on and people start turning all the stuff on after being off all winter.
Glen Ponczak: 20, more than 20 of those launches were in Europe this quarter. So, I mean we just had a lot of volume coming as a result of the new program.
Glen Ponczak: I think I mean if you want me, let me take a shot at it. I mean I think it’s sort of all of the above, Brian. I think it’s the sort of typical characteristics of a nascent industry in that nobody quite knows maybe what the business model is and so people are taking a taste of it this way, and a taste of it that way. And so you are seeing – you know even within OEs it’s going different routes for different sort of vehicles and different levels of electrification. And I don’t know that that’s going to settle out anytime soon. So it’s sort of hard to give a prediction of what it would like in three years. I think we are all sort of figuring that as we go on.
Glen Ponczak: Well, thanks everybody for all of your good questions. And it’s Glen here; I am available for the balance of the day for any followup. And have a good weekend.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, Rod, it’s Bruce here. I think one thing you just need to be – we feel very optimistic about our growth prospects in China but I would caution you that that’s a unit comment. So when we talk about – we think the level of the – our unit forecast let’s say in a five-year timeframe from China could grow from say something like an 8 million or 9 million level that we are sort of running at now to about say a 30 million level within five years, okay? So that sort puts the magnitude of the unit sales in context. If you look though at the dollar amount, generally speaking, I would say that there is a quite a bit richer mix in Europe from a dollar point of view with AGM batteries and more extended life type batteries. So, the dollar is not going to be equal but the units are. But nonetheless that’s significant growth.
Bruce McDonald: And, John, I maybe just add a bit. When we talked about our backlog last year dropping from the $4 billion plus range to the $2.5 billion number that we disclosed a big chunk of that was cancellations and deferrals. And as you’ve seen the fortunes of our customers improve new business activity or that product development cycle is speeding up and so there is more business opportunity than let’s say there has been in the past.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, and I think by definition that – our backlog is incremental business, so by definition it’s share growth.
Bruce McDonald: We generally we are reinvesting, but yes we do get dividends because it’s not sort of a like-for-like, David. I guess the other thing maybe I would add is if you look at our Power Solutions and Building Efficiency businesses, those operations are 100% owned or we have a couple that we own 80%, but those businesses were really grown primarily through organic growth investments. And if you look at all three of our businesses, we have a significant presence there managing our growth strategies in those regions and that – and we talk about that as being key areas where we’ve been investing over the last three or four years.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I mean there is several factors. Clearly, volume is the biggest one. We’ve talked about on incremental volume we are looking for our business to pull through somewhere between 15% and 20%, I am talking here as the industry recovers. The profitability of the business that we are launching out of our backlog again we’ve talked about that being higher than business that it’s replacing in aggregate. And then with respect to Asia, we certainly have a tailwind in the fact that our equity income is really benefiting our income and it doesn’t obviously affect our sales. So that’s accretive to our margins. Those are the main factors. You also made a comment, Brett about Europe. We had a good improvement versus Q1, but we still have – you can think about a point or so of penalty that we are dealing with associated with some of the launch difficulties and supplier shortages and things like that that I spoke about earlier. So, we are definitely anticipating that the European side of things improve further out as we go through the year.
Bruce McDonald: And then secondarily we have engineering costs, so our engineering costs were up also on the quarter primarily in Europe as they support these launches.
Bruce McDonald: Well we’ve – again, I would say we’ve talked about that really being a question of volume, Brett. I mean we’ve said that I think if you sort of go back in time, we’ve had a target of 6% in Automotive. When we did the magnitude of the restructuring here that we did in the downturn, we said look we think we can get that 6% to be closer to 7% and that we also felt that our ability to get to that level we didn’t need production to be back in that 15 million, 16 million units in North America let’s say, but rather sort of down in that say 13 million, 13.5 million range. So that’s sort of where we need to get to, to get to those levels. It’s really a question of making sure that we launch our programs in line with the targets that we have, hedge – making sure that our community costs don’t eat into our margins and we’ve talked about the fact that 90% of our business is – we’ve got full or partial indexing. And then making sure that as the industry recovers that we get that 15% to 20% profit pull through. I mean as simple as that.
Bruce McDonald: I would think probably in the next two to three years, what’s happening within hybrid is probably not going to be a significance either of our margins here.
Bruce McDonald: And I would say, I mean we did make a small acquisition in this quarter that you can see that from our cash flow. That’s a business that provides us with some enhanced capability to do performance contracting so on the lighting and lighting controls side of our business. And we have other I’d say small type acquisitions that are in the pipeline that you should expect to see start to flow through here in the next few quarters.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I mean for the quarter revenues were down 7% in services, okay? And our order impact – order – this is just North America by the way – and orders were up 3% and I guess, Steve, you want to comment on some of the quoting activity–-
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I mean may be just one sort of clarification in terms of your math there when you said down one, then we need to be up 11%. Keep in mind our business is very seasonal. More of our revenue flows in the second half. It’s not quite as bad as you are suggesting there. But nonetheless it does need to pick up. I think you need to – what gives us confidence is if you look at the business as an art [ph] flowing through our backlog that’s the residential business and our Global Workplace Solutions, we are – those businesses are up, as I said earlier double digits, strong double digits, 40% in the case of our UCG business. So we feel confident that those trends are going to continue and in the case of GWS accelerate. If you look at the other businesses that now flow through our backlog I mean there we sort of take comfort from the quoting activity we have. So, the fact that when we’re starting to see orders picking up in – that’s what happens before it turns into revenue. So, I think we feel pretty good about that. I’d say, maybe the only derail of itself there for us would be if we have an exceptionally either late start to typical wind season or a very, very cool summer. But those are one or two percent delta is not going to change the sign here.
Bruce McDonald: Yes. And then – I am assuming you meant European Automotive here from the second part of your question.
Bruce McDonald: The – a couple of things. We are seeing – the OE production is – continues to be better than we are expecting in paradoxically we are even seeing most of the strengths in the A and B segments and so think about the – some of the stimulus programs that have – that were in place last year that aren’t there this year. We never would have thought we’d see the growth in the small segment. I think the other point that’s very significant for us here in Europe is a lot of – we are a very well-positioned (inaudible) of our launches. If you look at where we have strong content, our customers are gaining share in the market, the product being very well received.
Bruce McDonald: I think it’s probably fair to say that as the volumes continue to increase there is going to be and there is starting to be a bit more pressure on productivity give-backs. But I think with what the industry has been through, I think there is going to be a lot more discipline to make sure that productivity give-backs to our customers are matched to with cost down within our operation.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I would. I mean I think for us we are going to be very disciplined in terms of the financial characteristics of business that we book. But I think when you are quoting new business I don’t think that side of the equation has changed. I mean the business model is generally speaking our customer has a target price, usually an aggressive target, and they make a sourcing decision based on somebody’s ability to hit that target and their confidence on the technology and quality and ability to hit the program milestones on time.
Bruce McDonald: Well, we are looking at – we’re – I mean if you look at our guidance we are sort of thinking that production is slightly lower in the second half than the first half, okay? And not obviously due to some of the planned shutdowns that happen every year in Europe and North America in July and August. We’ve – we are increasing our – we are continuing to increase our investment in quoting new business, so as I say our fortunes are improving in Automotive. We have asked our – our business is going to spend more money looking to grow our backlog further. That’s kind of an investment that we need to make for longer term growth. So, I think we are pretty confident. I mean we gave the range for the full year. I think we are pretty comfortable with that range.
Bruce McDonald: Yes – so first of all they haven’t – that has not yet been completed. I think our target completion date is the end of April, but I could be mistaken. But it’s definitely in this current quarter.
Bruce McDonald: I don’t really want to get into a lot of the details about what we are going to – how we are going to operate those plants versus how they were operated before. But we are confident that they will be accretive to our earnings in the next quarter. So they are not something that we think we’re going to lose money on. In terms of what they are, they are interiors component. And if you sort of think about putting a couple of extra plants into our network here, we think we –- the footprint that we got with these two operations we have some good potential to launch new business in those operations where we maybe we would have otherwise had to spend capital in the future. So we have some good synergies buying those and we think we can operate those very profitably.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, we are – and it’s going to be – I mean copper, like as Steve said, we do hedge six months out. So we will have a little bit of a headwind here in the second half of the year associated with copper but not a meaningful amount. And as – if copper continues to sort of run off, then that – at least in the Building Efficiency side of the business, historically there has been a good patter of the industry passing that on through higher prices and I guess we would expect that would continue. But that would be more of a ’11 issue than a ’10 issue, Rod.
Steve Roell: I guess the two things I would point out is if you think about the backlog we’ve provided to you, John, is for the 2010 through 2012 timeframe. Probably the biggest changes I guess I would highlight one is the fact that, that backlog ’10 through ’12 was almost void [ph] of North American new business and now we are seeing some new programs and some shares there in North America. And secondly I guess the other one is we would expect to see more interior growth. In interior systems we had the backlog in the prior time. So that’s what you should hear from us when we come out in ’11 through ’13.
Steve Roell: I wouldn’t say that – we aren’t taking – we would take some share but it’s a combination of all that.
Steve Roell: Well, David, just to remind the audience that’s listening that most of our joint ventures are with our customers.
Steve Roell: We have a unique situation. So, when we are growing with SAIC affiliates we are really growing with SAIC of with FAW affiliates is with FAW. I think we’ve continued to gain share with them. We’re the primary supplier to both of those large OEs and then also obviously we’ve penetrated and I signed (inaudible) something in the future. We have a relationship with Cherrie [ph], with GAAC. To your broader point, I don’t believe that we are going to – it’s not our intention right now to try to take bigger ownerships in those joint ventures. We think the model works well for us. It’s provided good growth opportunity. We manage those plants. We train those managers. We run morale surveys and dividend plans around all of that – those management teams. And so despite the fact that it’s fractured and fragmented by JVs we are able to get some scale and some consistency across the whole breadth of all those different JV relationships.
Steve Roell: I think as an example of that would be if we were to take you to our technology center in (inaudible) you would see it’s one of the best ones we have in the world.
Steve Roell: And the only thing I would add, Bruce, I think Europe’s margins are being impacted only by the launches, which are good by the way, and not like maybe the first quarter where we had more – we had a couple of launches that we had to fight through. I think now it’s just the – it’s the typical class [ph] associated with launches, the magnitude of them.
Steve Roell: And on the lithium piece, I think that’s a function of really how much – how successful we are commercially in terms of support structure we have to put in place. So, I don’t – I am not in a position to give you a longer term projection of margins on that other than what I described to you on the vertical integration piece. That’s the best I can do today.
Steve Roell: Well, we are clearly looking at what’s out there and what we can do that will help benefit our business. We’ve prioritized, met with our management regarding some of the opportunities that we would look to. Some we believe are actionable, some are not. So, I guess I would just describe it this way. We – clearly our acquisitions are focused on technology platforms that we can grow from. I would look at all three businesses. I think longer term as I mentioned to you, I believe that BE will still have the lion’s share of our M&A activity. But it doesn’t mean that we are going to exclude opportunities in the other two businesses; that’s for sure.
Steve Roell: Yes, we are – Rich, the thing we’ve been highlighting the whole time is the fact that we hadn’t seen one of the smaller work –
Steve Roell: Project type work and just the last two weeks we’ve seen a slight pick up in terms of that – when we look at our pipeline our pipeline now what we call prime or that project type work is the best it’s been in two and a half years. But it’s all happened relatively recently. So, we are encouraged by that. We are also seeing a lot of activity in terms of our – what’s call PSA, the scheduled service work, and the bidding activity there is the strongest it’s been in two years. So are just starting to see some recovery, that’s what I am really pointing to, on the service side.
Steve Roell: Not really. We are just getting. We don’t have – usually weather is the driver. This time of the year if you look at what we are doing, our service people are primarily doing that scheduled work in the March-April timeframe. The L&M usually is associated with spikes in weather. It’s one where you typically see it or just (inaudible) penetrate more accounts. And right now at this time of the year we are focused pretty much on providing that preventive maintenance work on the PSAs.
Steve Roell: I think guys I would tell you is we are seeing good pickup in demand from an equipment standpoint and has a – fits a good forerunner. Secondly I guess I think the emerging markets are really trying to pick up when we see some of the order and the pipeline activity. The only matter I guess I would tell you, Colin that we still don’t see recovery happening at is Western Europe. That’s the one market that at this stage we are not counting on any growth in the second half.
Steve Roell: Now, particularly the Solutions business. If you include that element that’s really where – we’ve got good growth in our backlog too.
Steve Roell: No, I can tell you where the demand came from, the stronger demand came from Volkswagen. In our backlog Volkswagen, PSA, and Daimler [ph]. and I think if we go back, we have had this large launch load and I think part of is the business that just – that we’ve launched in the last 12 months benefiting from the high volume.
Steve Roell: You know I think Brian, it still is – you know as Glen mentioned – this is a very immature industry. My frustration it continues to be the fact that there are so many different players or so many different chemistries or so many different types of packaging and so configurations it’s going to take a while. But that’s – it’s just characteristic of a very immature industry. I think we are going to have to watch it evolve here. But right now basically you have very few of those consortiums that have been formed. You don’t have really standards being formed. I think you have to look over your shoulder a little bit at some of the improvements being made in the combustion engines and some of the mileage efficiency that people are talking about. I don’t think at this stage if I were looking at strategically trying to size this business that I would change a whole lot with what we’ve done in the past. I think it still represents probably at the end of this decade maybe 10%, 15% of the market. I don’t think gasoline prices or government subsidy is going to make a whole lot of difference based on what I know today. It would change dramatically if you want to – if you double the gas prices here in the U.S. and it will change the ball game. We still have a hard time see how EVs themselves are economically feasible for the consumer. We have done some work, which is where we think the gasoline prices have to be to make that economic story work. And it’s a ways from where we are today. So, anyway, I am still optimistic we are going to play hard in this part of the segment of our business, we think we have some competitive advantage and relationships, but it’s just going to be one of those things where I think the stories are going to change as we play out here.
Steve Roell: No. Some points that Glen mentioned may take you from forms [ph] that we may partner in a different way with them, but, no, those opportunities still exists.
Steve Roell: I don’t think a lot has changed from a competitive environment standpoint. We have great competitors. We compete with Lear obviously and Magna for us here that ones we would call out. But I don’t think a great deal has changed in terms of how we all behave at this stage. So I don’t sense as much difference in terms of pricing pressure. It’s probably what it always has been. It’s my sense.
Steve Roell: Yes, that’s a good point. What Bruce just said is definitely and that is that I would tell you that there is just a different change right now. When we deal with some of the OEs where there would have been just an expected let’s say historically 2.5%, 3% price down, I think there is a lot more cooperative effort trying to figure out how to make that happen. So, Bruce made that comment about cost – underline will be the ‘cost’ word. That’s usually in conjunction with the OE in terms of identifying opportunities. That’s what really has changed.
Steve Roell: Yes, that’s 2200 a metric ton just for those in the audience and it’s been plus or minus that number for probably the last four or five months.
