Olivier Leonetti: Thank you for your question, Jeff. Regarding the free cash flow, we had an impact in the first quarter, which we believe will be about $200 million. If you look at the guide for 2024 at 85%, that includes two elements; one, some restructuring and also some investments in CapEx to support the strong demand in our applied business, George mentioned that in his opening remarks. If you look at the levers of improvement for free cash flow, we see, one, inventory reducing as we reduce our inventory in resi. Two, in receivables, we believe we're going to be able to demand more upfront payments as our lead times have improved, and also we have implemented our supplier financing program across the network, and that will help further improve GPO. To go back to your net financing charge is the byproduct of higher interest rate. We are going to refinance some debt. We have some commercial papers as well, which are going to be priced at the current higher interest rate. Factoring is a small proportion of the cost.
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look at the equipment sales today, particularly in the high end of our market, we are gaining share. This is a strong part of the market. This business is very attractive for us because for $1 of hardware, we typically generate over the life cycle of the equipment another $9 of solutions, including $4 of services. And you saw also Joe in services today we clearly have momentum. Services is growing fast, enabled by digital. And as a reminder, services is twice the profit of the average of the company. So this mix is based upon equipment sales, which would generate attractive profit with the service and UTM solution annuity.
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look at Q1, we see a strong order momentum continuing. If you look at, of course, the confidence, we have now a few days to go before the end of the quarter. So that by itself answer to the question. If you look at what is happening in Q1, we have strong momentum in our Building Solutions business, service, solution powered by digital is growing fast. We see weaknesses in our Global Products division, particularly as it comes from resi. We have some impact also in China. Also, we have the impact of cyber, which is about 1% of the top line, and it's difficult to dimensionalize exactly about $0.02 of EPS. And last but not least, GP now is going through a more normalized seasonality after a few years of supply chain impact.
Olivier Leonetti: Steve, a final sort of detail. We have a substantial insurance coverage and the large proportion of our cost, including business disruption will be covered by insurance.
Olivier Leonetti: So, what we see happening is earning growth to return during Q2. What we see today is momentum in our Building Solutions business. We talked about that at length, equipment, services, enabled by digital are resonating with our customers. We see GP stabilizing in Q2 and more normalized growth in the second half for our Global Product division. If you look at the theme for the year, commercial strength, service strength with service expected to grow high single digits plus in the year.
Olivier Leonetti: So, if you look at the key driver of free cash flow, they are going to be around working capital, mainly in inventory. If you look at our level of inventory, we are at about -- we are going to close the year at about 54 days of inventory. We used to be before those supply chain events at about 45. A day of inventory is worth about quite a lot in terms of free cash flow. So inventory is going to be a key variable. Receivables also would be unchecked to declining as we are improving the way we manage that particular balance sheet line. Some of that will include upfront payments as our cycle has been improving to satisfy demand. We're able to demand for acceleration of products. We're able to demand more upfront payment and the final one would be supply chain financing, which we are now deploying across the world. Factoring will be flat year-on-year.
Olivier Leonetti: We are going to go through a more normalized seasonality in terms of EPS performance as now the supply chain is going back to what we had pre-COVID. If you look at the themes for EPS earnings growth expected in Q2, momentum in Building Solutions have indicated, GP stabilizing in Q2 and then going to an increase in profit contribution in the second half. Those would be the theme for the flow of EPS across the year.
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look, let me start with the end. On free cash flow, we are going to have an impact of about 10 points of conversion to two elements. One is higher CapEx actually due to the demand we have, mainly in the data center. That's about 3-points of conversion and restructuring, we expect to have 7-points of conversion due to restructuring, the impact, the payback of those restructuring actions is about the year or below that. And we have actually quite a few projects to improve the profitability of our enterprise. On Q1, I go back to what I indicated earlier in the Q&A session of momentum in Building Solutions, that's what we see in Q1. Weakness in global product due to the resi demand, some more normalized comp as the supply chain is normalizing for our global product division and then of course, the impact of cyber.
Olivier Leonetti: So we see no structural reasons for the EMEA/LA margin to be double digits. And we expect margin to turn positive in Q2. Clearly, we have work to do in the region. The margin profile of the region is mainly due to the realization of lower margin orders into the revenue. We see that turning the other way, so turning positive in Q2, Nigel.
Olivier Leonetti: So we believe, Noah, that fundamentally, we have the ability to be a 30% incremental company. We will achieve improvement in margin through two levers; one, gross margin as we improve our mix as we improve our operations. And the second lever is going to be through OpEx as we keep standardizing and centralizing our operations. And we have, as we see a strong portfolio of ideas and projects to improve the profitability of our enterprise. As I indicated earlier, typically, those projects have below one year payback. We don't think we need to update today our productivity programs. I think you will see that being embedded in the guide, Noah.
Olivier Leonetti: The timing would be a 2024 event. Some elements of our cost will actually be reimbursed, we believe, in Q1. That's the goal. So we depend when the costs are incurred and when we are able to prepare our claims. So, some of it will come in Q1, certainly in this year.
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look at what we said in our prepared remarks, we believe that the fundamentals to allow our company to be a 100% free Cash Flow Company overtime are there. Today, to your point, we are investing in some parts of the business to support the strong growth in high-end HVAC. We believe that the level of CapEx at this level will be what we need to support the growth we see in the coming few years. The big levers of improvement in free cash flow are going to be around working capital. I mentioned inventory just a day of inventory is worth about $50 million of cash. And if you look at where we are at the end of FY 2023 at about 54 days of inventory, we used to be at 45 days of inventory, you can do the math. There was a big level of cash flow trapped in inventory, we are at it inventory are declining, as we put in our prepared remarks. We see also the ability to reduce the collection cycle. As our lead times are improving, we're going to be able to collect faster. And we are now because of the value proposition of our offering, we're able also to demand some prepayments. So some -- so those are the levers. I mentioned supply chain financing as well. So that's basically, Andrew, what is explaining the view on free cash flow and the path to be, over time, a 100% free cash flow conversion company.
Olivier Leonetti: So we had, first of all, some open blue assets associated with the FM System acquisition. Some of those assets are part of the FM portfolio. They are better. So we're going to discontinue what we have in OpenBlue. We had an impairment associated with the business we have in Argentina. This business is impacted by high hyperinflation and also we had some restructuring charges. Those are the three key levers.
Olivier Leonetti: So on price cost today, we see price cost to be positive we believe we're going to be able to keep the level of pricing we saw in the second half of the year.
George Oliver: Yes. So when we look at our orders, Jeff, obviously, they continue very strong. And I think we're seeing strong growth in office data centers, health care, state and local government, education. We do see manufacturing, industrial bookings continue at an elevated level after a strong growth in construction starts. It is focused on the EV and semiconductor manufacturing. And then when we look at our pipeline, it's very strong. And a lot of that pipeline is focused on these key verticals. I would say from a booking standpoint, we were tracking prior to the cyber incident, a little bit better. And then with the outage, I think we're somewhat slowed a bit in that last week. But I think as we look at first quarter and for the year with the pipeline that we have, we're going to see continued strong order growth. And I think when you look at our – mainly around Commercial HVAC trends, it's clear that we're gaining share pretty much across all of the industries. That's creating significant equipment sales into our Building Solutions business, which is creating a really nice installed base that we're now capitalizing on the service opportunity. In Building Solutions, our applied orders were up about 20%. And then in the ducting space, when you take out resi, our commercial ducting was up over 50%. So our portfolio of Commercial HVAC is playing out strong. And that ultimately is what's driving the installed base within our commercial -- within the Commercial Building Solutions business.
George Oliver: Yes, Scott, let me take that one. When you look at -- as we look at data centers, we've been obviously, reinvesting in all of our applied product to have the full portfolio to be able to capitalize on what we see to be incredible growth here over the decade. And so when you look at a typical data centers, let's take a 100-megawatt data center that requires roughly about 30,000 tons of cooling. That can be served. Right now, the big trend is air-cooled chillers. We're the leader in the space with the investments that we've made and being able to deliver on those capabilities and that's where we're seeing significant growth in serving that set of customers. And so it can either be air cooled or water cooled. Of course, water cooled we're in a strong position. So roughly about 30,000 tons of cooling. So when you look at the market at 2024, we're projecting somewhere at 15 gigawatts to 20 gigawatts, which will amount to about five tons of cooling needs. Now because of our position with our strong portfolio of the full technology to serve these, we believe we're positioned to get, let's say, half of that volume going forward, which -- the overall volume would be greater than $2 billion. And so for us, this has been a position of incredible strength. A lot of that is because of our multigenerational developments we've made at our engineering center. Just a comment on that, we've -- just in the last 90 days, we've had customers representing over 20% of the US GDP at our technology center because as we're laying out long-term plans with our customers, we're making sure we're positioned with the applications that ultimately achieve their needs. And so it is a very attractive space for us, Scott. And then from a service standpoint, once we get that unit installed, we're getting very strong service growth on top of that, which will then be over the lifecycle of that installation.
George Oliver: Yes, I think it's both. I mean the criticality of the applications that we provide and then the ability to be able to operate within those conditions. And then from a data standpoint, making sure that we're secure relative to what we do and how we manage the data that ultimately delivers the outcomes that we can deliver. Certainly, the work that we've done around OpenBlue and the cloud-based technology there, none of that was absolutely -- was not interrupted at all with our cyber incident. So a lot of that is, we believe it's high-margin service opportunity not only at the equipment level, but then with the use of all of the data to enhance how that equipment is actually operated in their environment.
George Oliver: Yes. Let me give you some of the numbers. In Q4, we believe that the impact on the top-line was about 1%. It will be the same in Q1. What you have going on, Steve, I would go to the EPS impact in a second is what you lose in Q4, you recover some of it in Q1, right? That's why you have those numbers going on. So 1% in revenue in Q4 and in Q1. The EPS impact in Q4 is about $0.04 and the impact in Q1 about $0.02. What is mainly impacted is everything which is short cycle, if you need to satisfy demand for something that you need to have in inventory, if you don't have it, you lose it, that's where the impact will be. My $200 million impact in cash is lower collection in the first quarter because we're not able to build immediately as we could not be immediately then that has delayed collection. That's the $200 million, Steve.
George Oliver: Steve, just when you look at the overall event, it did create significant distraction internally. We -- it wasn't one or two days. It actually was about three weeks, which was the better part of October. So, while we're able to quantify some of the impact, I think it's harder to put a number to the overall impact in October. As you -- as we -- although we maintained operations, we weren't necessarily operating at full efficiency. But I would tell you the way that our teams have responded and actually got back to operations has been remarkable. And so I do believe, just from an overall momentum standpoint, we lost a little bit of momentum in October. But I can tell you, in November and December, we gained that back.
George Oliver: Yes, I do, Andy, when we look at -- we've got a pretty robust tracking across all of the critical markets across the regions, and we're tracking not only lead generation to conversion to where we're positioning to deploy our resources and differentiate and ultimately win. So the pipeline generation has continued to be very strong, and it's in line with what I previously discussed as far as the segments that are driving that. And I think as we look at our service business, that's on the -- when you think about new projects and new opportunities to build install. So that has been very strong. And what we're also seeing is that on the service side, with the work that we've been doing with not only going back into the installed base, getting connectivity, getting use of the data and then bringing forward new value propositions. We're seeing significant pickup in our PSAs and being able to get longer-term contracts and build the base there. So, in spite of -- when you look -- when you segment our Building Solutions, whether it be installed, still strong, and then our ability to be able to, even in an economic decline, we should -- with the value proposition that we're bringing to our customers within service, I believe that that's going to continue to hold up. And so right now, there's no even though we look at the same metrics you look at, dodge starts and ABI and all of the key metrics being a little bit weaker, at the end of the day, with the with the way that we prioritized our growth and how we're deploying our resources, we're positioned to capitalize on where the growth will occur.
George Oliver: Let's start with resi. As we look at the US resi market, obviously, there was challenges that set up for resi in 2023, both in units as well as overall sales with the recession. I think when we look at the reason for that, it's higher cost equipment, it's weaker consumer spending. It's now people going back to work and reducing their home improvement spending. So a lot of contributors to that. I do believe that as we look at the transition here with the refrigerant changes, we get into more stabilization, where although there will be less units, certainly with the new refrigerant launches, that's going to demand more price because of the refrigerant. And so on a sales basis, I think we're extremely well positioned now to be able to deliver our portfolio of refrigerant changes in time for the implementation on January 1. We have pulled ahead our new product interactions by as much as two or three months to ensure that we're giving our distributors enough time to rebalance their inventory and ultimately restock with the new 454B refrigerant products. And again, we're working with all of our constituents right from the suppliers to our distributors to partners to make sure we have a smooth transition. So we do believe it normalizes and somewhat stabilizes going forward. And that's on the resi in North America. When you -- your question around heat pumps, I think we believe across our portfolio, that creates an incredible opportunity for us. We believe it's about a $100 billion market. that's grown mid-single-digits. And today, we assess our portfolio, it's about one-third of our sales within HVAC, are heat pumps. And I do believe, although we've seen a pullback in Europe, and it's mainly around our JCH product that we were planning for a pretty significant pick up here, 2023, which ultimately didn't materialize that maybe that's just kind of pushed to the right a bit as some of the countries in Europe have pushed forward the implementation date and the like. And then as a result, I think consumers have pulled back and not ultimately capitalizing on the efficiency that the heat pumps represent to them. And so we're watching that closely. But I do believe that over the next -- maybe it's 18, 24 months, that will come back and come back pretty strong. And then on the commercial side, pretty much globally. We do have a leading portfolio. We're understanding now with the focus on decarbonization and sustainability that we are uniquely positioned with low GWP refrigerants across our portfolio. And we're positioned to now capitalize on that being a significant strength as we're capitalizing on some of the key markets globally. So that's kind of an assessment as I think about where we are with heat pumps.
George Oliver: And Noah, just to comment on that. As we have been able to strengthen our operating system globally, it hasn't identified significant opportunities continuing, so that we can capitalize on and ultimately continue to expand margins going forward to be able to get incrementals 30% plus. And so the payback that we're getting on the work that we're doing is within a year.
George Oliver: Noah, let me just comment on the cyber incident as a whole. What we learned is we're not alone, and this is more common phenomenon across companies like ours certainly it was unfortunate. But what I would tell you there was incredible remarkable work by our team with our business continuity plans. And so as we were impacted, our teams really responded well, staying focused on customers, continuing to work and maintain operations with incredible speed and focus. And so with that, we were obviously very proactive in how we've communicated with suppliers, customers, employees to maintain our operations. So that is the foundation of what we were able to accomplish. What I would say is that the agility that we saw and the ability to be able to -- where we were -- where we did have some compromise, be able to get the proper set of data and make sure that we're continuing to serve across the board. We're able to maintain that and stay focused on what matters, which is ultimately delivering for our customers. So even though we had a little bit of disruption in the month of October, which we talked a little bit about earlier, I believe that the work that we've done really has positioned us strong going forward, and we've seen that momentum come back in November and December.
George Oliver: So when you look at our global product book-to-bill businesses that really depend on channel, starting with resi, certainly, we saw a pullback in resi and that was obviously more so in the US versus globally, but overall, there was a decline within resi. So we've been working to offset obviously offset the inventory and get positioned for what we believe the new demand to be. And I think as you look at the book-to-bill, it's getting more normalized relative to on a go-forward basis that we've seen the adjustment -- when we look -- when we track our inventories, so I think we're back to where we were historically relative to what's in the channel with our distributors. And so I'm somewhat optimistic that, that's stabilizing going forward. When you look at the rest of our book-to-bill businesses, and it's mainly around Fire & Security controls, the same hold true there. So we think that we're through most of the headwind with the adjustment of inventory in the channel, we've also adjusted our inventory in line with what we believe the forward-looking demand to be. And so it's important that we're positioned to be able to support that demand on a real-time basis, which we are. And as we go through reviews business-by-business, looking at what is actually happening, we are encouraged that now we're seeing orders across the board starting to build back our backlog so that we can be positioned here through the course of 2024 to continue to build on the revenue base on a go-forward basis. So I mean we're somewhat optimistic, and I feel that we've -- the headwind that we saw in the second, third, fourth quarter, some of that now is normalizing, and we're back to seeing growth.
George Oliver: Yes. I'll talk a little bit about operations. When you look at our Building Solutions across the globe, certainly, there was significant disruption where from a cycle time standpoint, some of our projects got extended a month or two, as we look at where we are today, we're back to almost where we were. And what we're believing now is our operational, the operating system that we've deployed, we can create now cycle time as a competitive advantage and being able to respond with the improvements that we've made within our supply chain and within our factories and ultimately within the field and how we execute on projects. So I'm very confident now that, that's going to be a critical strength of ours. Your question relative to resources, we have been very attractive in being able to recruit labor, pretty much across the globe and have not been constrained by labor across both our project-based business as well as our service business. And then in our critical factories, we've been able to recruit, retain and develop, the talent is ultimately going to be critical to delivering on our capabilities. So that feels very good. As it relates to commercial buildings, even though there is a thought that maybe buildings is going to be a pullback, the work that we're doing within buildings is differentiating. And so as we go into a building now, especially with the focus on energy savings and decarbonization. There's no company that's consuming as much data as we are within the building. And so because of that, we can actually do upgrades and deploy new technologies and utilize our data platform, consume all of the data within the building, and in many cases, get a payback on what we do within the building. And so that is our focus. And now with building standards being implemented in many jurisdictions not only here in North America but across the globe, we believe that, that really presents a big opportunity for us in that space, especially with the focus on energy and decarbonization.
George Oliver: Yes. So as they went through different phases of COVID, we saw a pickup last year and capitalize on that opportunity. We believe that we've built a leading position in the higher end of the commercial market there and have a very large installed base that we're capitalizing on to be able to build our Service business. We are concerned that the macro environment has continued to deteriorate, leading to concerns of the overall slowdown now accelerating. I think when we look at these macro trends, not only working against us, but our competitors. And as we have now studied the markets and looking at verticals or looking at the overall region, we are planning prudently for continued pressure in China. So we hope we're a bit wrong and maybe it comes back a little bit stronger than we suspect right now, but that's really what's embedded in our guide.
George Oliver: And when you project the full year, we see -- still see strong -- with the value propositions that we're bringing to our customers in building solutions, strong value propositions that we're pricing to and with the differentiation that we bring with our digital content that really drives margin. And then on the product side, we continue to have record launches of new product introductions, which ultimately we price to the value that we bring to the market. So we're still seeing strong pricing across the portfolio.
George Oliver: Yes. It's -- I mean, let's -- there was a big segment here that's targeted on data centers because of the position that we have and the strength that we have earned with the products that we're bringing into that segment. So as I talked with Scott earlier, we see a significant demand here over the next multiple years that we're positioned now to capitalize on in line with the customer relationships that we have. And so that's going to continue. But when you look at applied, when you look at our overall commercial HVAC business, when we -- what's happened is across the board with the secular trends around decarbonization, sustainability, efficiency. We are uniquely positioned with our technology in the way that we develop technology. We engineer and design right from the compressor to the end market, making sure that our equipment is optimized for the application that we provide. As a result of that, that has a broad base positioned us to be able to now capitalize on these secular trends broad-based, not just within data centers, but across many of the other verticals. And so as we think about the work that we've done to reinvest over the last three or four years in a position that we have, we have a very strong position across our applied portfolio that I believe beyond -- well above the economic growth that we're going to now be able to capitalize on because of that increased demand. So it's pretty broad-based.
George Oliver: Thank you all for your continued interest and support and Johnson Controls. As we stand here today, we are set up for success through our strong foundation as we continue to build on opportunities to enhance our business from our margin profile, free cash flow generation and growth through the digitization of our service offering. It is all about execution. And as we look ahead, I am confident in our global team's ability to deliver value and results for our customers and shareholders as we enter fiscal year 2024. So with that, operator, that concludes our call today.
