Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls' third quarter fiscal 2017 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning, as well as the conference call slide presentation, can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Alex Molinaroli; President and Chief Operating Officer, George Oliver; and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief. Before we begin, I like to remind you that during the course of today's call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you view today's press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we've included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions, and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins, exclude transaction, integration, and separation costs, as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release. All comparisons to the prior year are on a combined basis, which excludes the results of Adient, and includes the results of Tyco, net of conforming accounting adjustments and recurring purchase accounting. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls' ordinary shareholders was $0.59 for the quarter and included net charges of $0.12 related to special items. These special items were primarily composed of transaction and integration costs, a mark-to-market pension as well as restructuring and impairment charges. Adjusting for these special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.71 per share compared to $0.61 in the prior year quarter. Now, let me turn the call over to Alex.
Antonella Franzen: Yes, I mean, if you take a look at kind of how rates have moved particularly now, you could see that we brought down our FX headwind expectations for the year. So I mean, if rate stay how they are, I mean, if we take Q4 as an example, there is really not much of an FX either headwind or tailwind, it's actually pretty neutral. But as you know, rate moved, so as we get closer to 2018 will obviously adjust to the more current rates to see what type of impact that gives us.
Antonella Franzen: And, Gautam, that one thing to remember is, remember when the cash went out for the tax payment, we had it as one of our reconciling items. And when the cash come back, we said we would do that as well.
Alex Molinaroli: Thanks, Antonella. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining the call today. So if you've read - written in the release and our slides this morning, we reported a quarter of solid EPS growth, strong margin expansion, driven by that continued progress with our synergies and our productivity actions. I'm on Slide 5. As you'll hear from George in more detail, we continue to be below our overall revenue plan. And I just want to point out that many of our businesses and our regions are seeing some good growth and others have fallen short. So it's not across the board. Also, I need to point out that within Buildings, it would be wrong for me to say that I'm sure the merger itself and some of the changes that have come along with that have created some near term distractions that have contributed us not achieving our top-line objectives. We believe we can get that back on track. Our teams will however continue to offset the revenue shortfall by our continued driving of strategy and productivity benefits. Given our year-to-date performance and the expectations for the fourth quarter, we are guiding to the low-end of our prior range and we expect our full year adjusted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.60 to $2.62. This will be a 13% EPS growth year-over-year, strong growth, but not quite where we expect it to be when we laid out our guidance in December. Although we haven't achieved all of our objectives, I do remain confident that our strategy and the strategic platform that we're creating, the decisions we're making around integration and organization are positioning us well to serve our customers today and in the long-term. It's going to help us lean out our cost structure. And ultimately, will drive both top line and bottom line results. And finally, let me talk about cash conversion. This is clearly a need - needs to and will improve. In addition to the large cash outflows this year related to the tax payments and the merger transaction, we've also made some operational decisions that have affected our underlying cash conversions. Brian will talk about these in some detail. And George will address it also. So, if you go to Slide 6, and it's to kind of give you an overview of or recap of our results. The total company sales for the quarter increased 1% year over year to $7.7 billion. Organically our sales grew similarly, 1% year over year. Organic growth in Buildings is a little over 2%, partially offset by a modest decline in our power business of 2%. And George will provide more color and the trends in both of those businesses. Adjusted EBIT dollars are up 15% year-over-year. We saw solid profitability growth in the segment EBITA level, primarily driven by the continued focus on cost synergies and productivity initiatives. And we benefited also from the lower corporate cost and amortization expense versus prior year, the corporate synergies and the Scott Safety transaction respectively. Adjusted EBIT margins expanded 150 basis points in the quarter to 13%. If you just for impact of FX and lead, margins actually expanded 170 basis points year-over-year. And lastly, EPS for the quarter was up 16% year over year to $0.71. With that, I'll turn it over to George, to talk about the integration and also the business performance.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, so the two things that I'd point out is - one is kind of clear when Brian talked about our receivables issue. If you look at it, as we started moving to shared services I think there is a distraction there. So either some cash, it wasn't collected. Process has changed, people have moved and locations have moved as it relates to some of our collections. So that's one that's pretty easy to get your head wrapped around. We'd like to think that we were not going to have, that things are going to hit the ground. But obviously, if you just look at - if you see the underlying receivables, it was some of the stuff that Brian talked about, you can see that that is something we can get back. But we lost a few days if you look at our DSO. And if you think about where the - I think George referenced the largest part of our business being North America. That is where both businesses came together. And as we came together, it's just - you can't point to a specific thing and say, well, we lost a project or somebody got distracted. But you just know, because those changes happened right after the end of this second quarter. I mean, we timed it to make sure that we got through the second quarter and then we made the changes. And so it's just logical to understand when you go through that kind of change in your field organization, that you're going to have a little bit of time that people need to adjust to the new bosses and new organization. But in the end, when you get out in front of the customer that hasn't changed, so the reason we have confidence that this is a - you know what, a short term challenge and one that's hard to put your finger on is that, that when you get in front of the customer the people that recall on the customer service and the customer - and their boss at the local level has not changed. But when you look above that, much leaner structure and much more logical structure, one that's going to work for a long term, but it's just - it just change. And I think that it would be naive for us to think that that didn't have somewhat of an impact, probably on some of our order secured is my guess. And so, hopefully, orders aren't lost, it's just - we just got to go through a process. So that's the way - George, you probably have more color on it. But that's the way that I would characterize it. North America would probably be the place that we're going to see, it is where we see it.
Alex Molinaroli: Deane, some of that is some of the same stuffs that we have talked about. We have an optimal level of inventory within Power Solutions that is not as high as it is today. But one of the things that we've done is we've gone through - because of the customer issues we had last year, the orders we missed and the service penalties we paid. We put capacity and as you know, our capital spending is pretty high in North America. We put capacity in that will help us in the future. But this year, we're needing to put inventory in order to get through the season. I think we've got some capacities going a long place that will help us offset some of the need for inventory in the future too.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, it's a good question. What I would say is it's not a North American phenomenon, because of the closed loop system in North America. I think both in Asia, specifically China and Europe we see that phenomenon. And I think there's just been a lot of attention within the business, how much - in order to motivate your customers how much do we want to do to pull orders forward, which would mean essentially we would give them relief early versus being able to deal with the price changes as they happen. So I think that we were probably hopeful, that we could pull some stuff into the quarter. I think that naturally it's going to happen. I think we'll see that happen in the fourth quarter. And it's hard to - and the only thing I could tell you for sure is we haven't lost any share. And it's - the you know the team is just as frustrated as you are, because it also a double dinger. It also hit us in the inventory. If you think about our inventory in Power, it's not only the inventory you built on purpose, but the fact that we didn't get the sales coming out in the quarter that we expected. So I don't think it's we don't have our eye on the ball. I think we're probably little optimistic that we could pull in front of the price - the price changes for lead.
Alex Molinaroli: I think it's realistic. I think that quarter to quarter, we obviously are seeing some volatility. But if you just look at the orders that we have, we are going through a change where a lot of our customers are now moving to AGM products. So I think one of the limiting factors are we're going to have the - are we going to have the batteries to be able to serve that market as we move forward. Some of the challenges - the reason why it's only 17% growth in AGM, which is not as high as it's been is - part of it is capacity constraints. Our customers are going through changes and we're putting the capacity in as fast as we can. I think the markets there on an overall basis, because you just look at the build and the replacement cycles, the markets there, the timing of it something that we don't control. And it got away from us this quarter, because it caught us both on the inventory and on the sales.
Alex Molinaroli: I think that's a responsible way for us to answer the question, Jeff, at this point. We understand your math.
Alex Molinaroli: No. I don't think so. I don't think that. I don't see, I think that what we're talking about now is we've got some process issues that we need to effect, and in terms that we need to harmonize that's our opportunity. I don't see that we're going to do anything that's going to affect the growth of the business. And that's why I think when Brian talked about it being an entitlement, I think that's - the way that he was framing it. I thought maybe you're talking about Power Solutions, we did lose some growth, because we didn't have the inventory last year, or didn't have batteries. And you can either think you need to have capacity or you need to have inventory. I think at this point, we got the worst of both worlds, because we've got the extra inventory and we're putting capacity. And so we will be in that shape - we will be in a similar shape of next year from an inventory and Power. But if you look at receivables and Buildings, I think Brian talked about right, as an entitlement that's not going to affect our growth, and you look at inventory and Power, it's the same thing that we can take our inventory and Power, it's the same thing that we can take our inventory down and not hurt our growth, because we're putting new capacity in.
Alex Molinaroli: It's a good question. There's so much been written about every all this whole topic, but what we're saying is probably going to move faster than we can afford to even meet the capacity. So I think we're going to have to be - really have to make sure that we put the capacity in the right place and leverage it, because I think it's just going to escalate. What we do see people trying to do is put some batteries and that are quite AGM capable, and then what we find is they come back later and say we need to do something else. And our capacity plans are pretty significant, our shares are really high. I think, they're probably be more demand, which will be a good problem to have I just think we're going to have to pretty choosy I think on who we serve. I think that's where we're going to be in the next few years.
Alex Molinaroli: Okay, I'll address the first one. This is Alex. Our inventory is much higher than it was a year ago. And that's twofold. One is it's a response to the fact that we and you may recall we called out, when we're having service problems over the - actually over the last year-and-a-half we had service problems in the peak season, because our peak capacity is probably 120% of our total capacity. And so if you have to have an inventory, you'd be able to serve our customers. We had meetings with our customers, so particularly in North America, our very large customers who essentially put us on notice that they're not going to be short of batteries anymore. And so I think we've compensated for that in a way that we have the inventory and we're also putting in capacity, so that we don't have to have this much inventory on an ongoing basis. So it's a year from now. And so I would say it's sort of kind of in between where we are and where we need to be. As we put capacity in our inventory levels won't be quite this high. But they won't be as low as they were a couple of years ago. But that still gets us in the range of where Brian was talking about as far as what we would believe our entitlement for working capital. And that certainly is - within Power Solutions, it really is an inventory story.
Alex Molinaroli: Just to add to that Julian, I mean, we have some really exciting things that are going to happen over the next couple of years as it relates to some products we're developing. So, I think that - I think it's just going to get better. And one of the opportunities for us, particularly look what's happened not only with Hitachi, but just our business in Asia, I think you'll see investments there too, where we will be able to take advantage. We have a great position and we can take advantage for our position in the marketplace. Some of that top line that we're getting in - through Hitachi, you don't see, particularly in China, because it's unconsolidated, but it's growing pretty well, particularly in China.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah, let me just wrap up here. Thank you for everyone for the call and all your questions. We really appreciate it. So I just want to make sure that, I understand your feedback. And there are three things I would like to point out. First is the synergy and productivity numbers are doing as well or better than we expected. We don't really expect that to change. And so I want to make sure that as we talk about this that we show that we're making progress there. Top-line I think is mixed. We have some opportunity. But we also are seeing some benefits and we haven't lost those benefits, but there are some opportunities for us to make some improvements. And then, clearly, cash flow we get it - there's work that needs to be done. We're a little gun-shy talking about, as you can see from our responses around how this is all - how and when this is going to come back. But we know the opportunity there and we're committed to make sure that, you're going to see the cash flow numbers as good or as better than what we've talked about in the past. So I just want to wrap on that and I want to thank our employees. Lot of work, hard work is being done in order to make this one company. Thank you very much.
George Oliver: Yeah, just a little bit to add, Deane. I would say that, when you look at the Buildings organization, you've taken two very large organizations. And although we talk about legacy JCI, legacy Tyco, we're running these businesses across the globe together. And so you can imagine from a leadership standpoint, the changes that had to occur. And I am more confident than ever, the way that the teams have come together. And the sales management, sales capacity that we've created, while taking out layers of management that, that is going to translate to accelerate the acceleration of orders and growth. Our pipeline, although we didn't convert in the quarter, we see a very nice pipeline built across the globe with opportunities and the quoting activity as a result of that pipeline is increasing. So I'm developing more confidence every day that as we put these organizations together, building off of the strong customer relationships that we had within the legacy structures, working together now into operating system, we're now seeing that coming through.
George Oliver: Sure. So if you start - let me start with North America, because that's certainly the big focus area. At the new organization that we put together, we freed up a lot of resources that we took out the layers of management to put back into sales management as well as selling capacity. We're putting the businesses together, we got a little bit behind of our hiring plan with our sales force. But we're significantly increasing our sales capacity as we speak and then with the work that we've done, the team has done a nice job in putting together prophecies in the field. As we're now leveraging the existing customer base that we serve to be able to better serve the customers with a complete portfolio. And I talked a little bit about that in my prepared remarks, making it simpler for the customer to be able to buy from us the total capability. So when you look at the pipelines that have been developed across the globe within our direct channels, we're beginning to see that. Now there's a timing of conversion as we go through this. But it gives me confidence are based on what we see, we're going to begin to see an improvement on a go forward basis. And our product businesses, the team is done a really nice job, not only making sure that we've got, we're leveraging the channel - our direct channel, but also expanding our indirect channels across each one of our product businesses. So not only are we investing in our direct sales capability. But we're also expanding our channels, you'll see that some of the bright spots during the quarter and our DX business with a very difficult compare - last year were up about 17%, were up another 10% this year. That is really an output of some terrific work has been done in expanding our channel to be able to capitalize on the growth in the market share. So what I can tell you across the board, it's certainly a key focus and being able to not only get world class sales management but increasing capacity in our direct channel as well as our indirect distribution that will enable us to be able to capitalize on a broader part of the market.
George Oliver: Yeah, Julian, this is George. As you said, we're getting really good traction with the new products that we're bringing to market. And when you look at the performance across our portfolio, I think that's beginning to show, whether it'd be in the residential, like commercial or across applied, as well as within our controls. And that's where a lot of the investments are being put in. What I see going forward as we continue to gain the momentum, we're going to continue to reinvest and look at incremental investments that we see as - given the success we've had in each one of these segments that we see a lot of opportunity with the investments we're making. So we're going to, obviously, take that into account as we're beginning to accelerate and gain market share, but it gives us a lot of confidence that with the investments we are deploying we are beginning to see the growth come through and it's coming through at very attractive margins.
Brian Stief: No, the 90% is still intact, Deane. And as far as the $500 million, that's a target that's based upon where we think our optimal position is on trade working capital as a percentage of sales in each of our businesses. And historically, Building Efficiency and Tyco, I think when their trade working capital is well under control, we feel in a combined basis that a target of 12% there makes sense. And we're 150 basis points higher than that right now. And when you look at Power Solutions, we are of the view that 20% is historic targeted level that we think is optimal. And we're at 22.5% to 23% right now. So if you do the math on that, you pretty quickly get to a number of about a $0.5 billion that that should be achievable and we've got teams that are going after.
Brian Stief: Yes, so the fourth quarter benefits, I mean, if you look at the bridge that we've provided to get the $1.9 billion. I think, there's going to be late fourth quarter into the first quarter. I do think, we're going to see at least $200 million of the inventory build flush out. And then, I think the dividends from the JVs, we also are still of the view the fact is going to be received, as I mentioned we were resetting the situation now, we were discussing with our joint venture partners whether there's going to be dividends to each of the partners, or whether or not we're going to reinvest in the business. But we believe at this point that that's a timing item as well. And then on the receivable of a couple of $100 million, I would expect that we would start to see some of that turn as well as we get after this trade working capital initiative that we've got, we're moving forward with here. So I do think that there is $400 million of that bridge that I gave you that we're going to see come back and relatively short order between now and mid-fiscal 2018, which should improve our cash flow north of the 80% level that we had originally targeted for fiscal 2018. As far as your first question on optimal levels of trade working capital, and there is no double that we have gone backwards in the first nine months of this year. The biggest pieces of that tended to be the inventory build of Power, and receivable we've talked about. There were also payables and also about $100 million headwind there. So I think when we look at our overall initiatives for fiscal 2018. We're going to work toward trade working capital as a percentage of sales of 12% of Buildings and 20% of Power. And we think that's a good place to be both from customer standpoint and from a company standpoint.
Brian Stief: Yes, so if you - Jeff, if you look at Power Solutions, we're finishing the AGM capacity in North America and we've got two plants that we're finishing up in fiscal 2018, early 2019. So it's a pretty heavy year from the standpoint of - I would call it growth CapEx in Power Solutions. As you know this year, we guided to $1.250 billion to $1.3 billion, I think we're going to be in line with that. I'm guessing next year could be in the $1.4 billion range plus or minus just kind of what we're thinking right now given the Power Solutions investments.
Brian Stief: I understand the math you're doing to get a nine in front, but I think we're still in the process of finalizing everything for fiscal 2018, Jeff. And we will provide more color on this, when we go through our 2018 guidance. But I mean suffice it to say we all recognize that given the poor performance in 2017 and certainly the working capital areas that should certainly provide some tailwind for us as we go into 2018. And I would say - but I want committed to say right now it will be north of 80%.
Brian Stief: So we've got stock-based compensation awards that we give to our employees. And you essentially work with a financial institution, you give them the money to purchase the shares and they essentially a lot of you to provide a hedge against future movement in your stock price. So to the extent that we buy in. And I believe in the 10-Q that you'll be seeing, I think we brought in at $42.21. And that hedge is going to offset movement upward and downward in the stock price versus the $42.21. So essentially what it does is, it takes the volatility out of your income statement for any movement in your stock price, which is required under gap to be either a compensation expense or compensation benefit as you move through the year.
Brian Stief: Yes, so if you look at Buildings in the third quarter were up 110 basis points on margin that was driven by volume leverage. We got the synergies and productivity as well as now we're seeing the growth come through the products businesses, which is a higher mix. That was somewhat offsetting some price cost of about 20 basis points, and that's mainly driven by steel, copper, aluminum as well as some refrigerant. And so as we look at this going forward, we'll still have the strong synergies productivity will continue to see increasing volume leverage, we will get the mix of our products beginning to accelerate but we are going to see continued headwind here in the fourth quarter, which we're estimating now to be about 20 basis points.
Brian Stief: Yeah, I don't think there's going to be any impact negatively on margins as that inventory turns out. I mean, as we kind of talked about in the past, sometimes your margin rates can vary depending upon where lead is. But I don't think there is a downward pressure on margins of Power Solutions as a result of that inventory turning out.
Brian Stief: So in what we've talked about, none of it is expected to come back in Q4. We think most of it will come back in first and second quarter fiscal 2018.
Timothy Wojs: Yes, hey, everybody, good morning. I guess, I was just on cash flow cash flow again if there are any thought or is there any concern just as you kind of tradeoff working capital that that has any impact on kind of the growth algorithm for the businesses.
Timothy Wojs: I guess, if terms are tighter, I mean, does that have any impact on how you guys think - how growth could come into the P&L in the Buildings business? If maybe in terms of a little less favorable.
Timothy Wojs: Okay. Great. And then just what's the - as you look at kind of price cost, that's been a theme in this earnings season. I mean, how would you guys frame that the price cost discussion into fiscal 2018, particularly in the Building side.
