Olivier Leonetti: Gautam, good morning. I hope you’re well. Thank you for your questions. I will take the first one and George will take the second one. In terms of NCI, if you look at particularly the segment EBITDA margin in the quarter where we had a slight miss, this is mainly due to the underperformance of our joint venture with Hitachi. And this is particularly due to the slowdown we have experienced in Japan residential, and we’re catching up this miss in NCI, and we are largely planning that to be the case in Q4 as well.
Olivier Leonetti: Steve, we have not covered that. Good morning. From a free cash flow standpoint, what we’re experiencing today is an increased level of inventory resulting from the actions we have taken to manage our supply chain disruptions and meet our customer demands. That’s largely an industry trend. Steve, if you look at the KPI for cash conversion cycle, we’re improving DSO or days better year-on-year, improving DPO seven days favorable year-on-year. And the drive we have in free cash flow at the moment is due to inventory seven days up in DIO year-on-year. We expect, as a result, the free cash flow conversion for the year to be about 80%, we had a guide of about 90%, if you remember, Steve, and to your point, no change in the fundamentals. This inventory will go down, mainly based upon what George just said, and we are totally convinced that we will be able to go back to the 100% free cash flow target we have committed to you and our investors.
Olivier Leonetti: Steve, yes, if you look at the backlog today, that’s a record high for the two businesses we have in our field business. Backlog is at about $11 billion, up 13% year-on-year. And in our Global Products shorter cycle, the backlog is up 50% at more than $2 billion. So as George indicated, our supply chain gets better. That should flow through in the first half of the year.
Olivier Leonetti: So Jeff, if you look at our margin today, we believe – we see Q3 as being an inflection point. We were positive in price/cost for the first time in the year by $20 million. We expect to be $30 million positive in price/cost in Q4 and positive in price/cost for the year. We haven’t communicated that in our prepared remarks, but we’re observing today that our booked margin for orders are 4 points of our bill margin in Q3, and that is going to flow to the P&L as we realize our backlog. And as we have just said, as George indicated, the turn end of the backlog is improving by about two months, that’s starting to be the expectation. So you have higher backlog at higher margin turning faster. So we believe that margin going forward is going to be a tailwind for our business. Going back quickly to our North America, which has been most impacted by those supply chain challenges, you see, again, Q3 was an inflection point. We are anticipating an increase of margin in North America Q3 over Q4 to be about close to 4.5 points and the business margin in North America clearly turning around, Jeff.
Olivier Leonetti: So you have a mix going on now in the margin equation. If you go back to our field business, we price jobs at the start of the inflationary period. We didn’t anticipate in the job we priced, obviously, this inflation and we correctly – we quickly adjusted this. Now you start to see this higher margin backlog in the field business to go through the P&L. That’s mainly why we expect to be – we were price/cost positive in Q3, and that will accelerate in Q4 and going forward. The best example we said, Julian, is the statistics are quoted for North America where you see a significant increase in margin sequentially, so about 4.5 points Q4 over Q3 in segment EBITDA margin. And you see it also in the delta between booked margin and also bill margin as well. So one being higher than the other by 4 points.
Olivier Leonetti: Julian, one statistic. Pricing in the field business in aggregate in the P&L, 3 points in Q1. In Q4, we expect it to be about 7 points just to complement the analytics we have been talking about.
Olivier Leonetti: Yes. So two comments. One, on the supply chain, just to give you a number, Joe, we still have planning for some disruption. About half of what we had in Q3, if you want to give a – to use a number, the disruption is expected to be a headwind of about $35 million in Q4 due to supply chain. In terms of EMEALA, largely what played out in EMEALA in Q3 is what we have discussed for North America. If you were to look at Q4, we expect EMEALA margin to be flat year-on-year, a very similar trend to what we’re expecting for North America where the margin should be directionally flat year-on-year as well.
Olivier Leonetti: So many questions here, Nigel. In the improvement in the margin in Q4, it’s mainly due to now us realizing our billing orders which were booked about 9, 12 months ago at our lower level of inflation, and the improvement you see now in the P&L is largely due to the realization of those orders at high margin, less to the improvement in the turn rate of the backlog. The turn-in of the backlog is starting, but it’s going to be mainly pronounced next year. That’s the assumption. In terms of cost, we are assuming today in our cost future inflation, so future inflation in high-single digits. And the orders we have been realizing and you saw that the order flow for our business was very strong. The order flow is actually based upon business won with this high-single digit inflation, Nigel.
Olivier Leonetti: And an additional statistic, Nigel, in terms of heat pump revenue through the portfolio, not only in resi in Q3, it was close to $1 billion for the quarter only.
Olivier Leonetti: So let me clarify. $65 million is the level of disruption in Q3. We expect it to be half of that in Q4. So give or take, $35 million. And you’re right, this is an all inclusive number. Absorption and other disruptions to our business indeed. So it’s an all-in number.
Olivier Leonetti: So we are two years in two or five years project. So we can speak with confidence about where we are now. Usually, when you have an issue, this is at the start. And so far, we have been really meeting our milestones. We’re going to launch for our field business, one only ERP on Oracle Cloud. And for our global business, mainly having manufacturing part of it, we will use SAP. And we are very pleased with the way our teams have executed and with the benefit that we will have across the organization from a productivity but also top line impact. No question about this, Deane.
George Oliver: Gautam, as it relates to 2023, I’d say, we are continuing to look at the potential headwinds and signs of a recessionary environment. What is really positive is, our order velocity doesn’t indicate this, and our order book margin profile continues to strengthen and materialize as we planned for 2023. If you look at our backlog, we’ve got a strong, resilient backlog of $13 billion. That’s made up of over $11 billion in the field and over $2 billion in Global Products. And as Olivier talked about, as we’ve been looking projects over the last year, obviously, we’ve taken into account a much higher level of inflation that’s booked into those projects as well as have accreted the margins that we booked. And so on a go-forward basis, as we’ve inflected here in third quarter, we’ve got a very attractive margin rate that’s going to play out as we go forward. And so then the other opportunity that we have, as we talked about last quarter, is that we ramped up in the third quarter. So we have a seasonal pickup from second to third, and I’m very pleased with the progress we made in supporting that volume increase in third quarter. Now we didn’t do a lot of recovery, because we were in a step up because of the seasonality. Now going forward, with all the work that we’ve done with our suppliers, we’ve got line of sight to materials that will sustain this level of output in fourth quarter and continue as we look at Q1 and Q2. So it’s going to be important that we continue to improve the turn times in our project-based business, which we’re focused on doing as well as then the higher-margin projects ultimately playing out through the course of the year. And then in addition, I would say what we feel really good about is the progress of our services with the digital services that we’re offering and how that’s resonating with our customers and now being able to take our installed base and layer on a whole new level of services with OpenBlue. That’s really starting to take hold. And then I think if we do get into a recessionary period, with the secular trends that we see in our space are very attractive, especially now with some of the regulations and legislation coming through requiring reduction in energy demand and requiring heat pumps and the like. And so we’re fully aware of the risk. I think we’ve been building a pipeline, a very strong pipeline that’s going to be playing through here very well in 2023, and we’ll have a playbook – we’ll make sure that our playbook is ready so as we – if we were to go into a downturn, we would be able to navigate it similar to what we did during the pandemic. So we’re focused on what we can control. Certainly, we’re excited about how we’re executing our strategy, and certainly, we’ll give you more update as we go through Q4 and layout 2023.
George Oliver: Steve, I’d just address that with Gautam as it relates to 2023. What we’ve been working on is, we had a challenge going into the third quarter to ramp up our supply chain to be able to achieve from a full log standpoint, the typical step up. I’m very pleased with the progress we made in being able to do that, supporting the third quarter. Now as we go forward, we’ve been working on a forward-looking basis to maintain the component supply so that we can remain at this elevated level of output through Q4 as well as as we position for the first half of next year. Typically, we go down. We typically go down in the first and second quarter because of the seasonality and then begin to pick up again. And so as we said last time and it still holds true today that we’re working to sustain this elevated level of output, begin to accelerate the turn of the projects that we have in backlog and be able to have in the first half be significant relative to a growth standpoint because of the price that’s in the backlog that’s going to turn and then the ability to be able to turn our projects faster to be able to get through that backlog.
George Oliver: We’ll be – from historical, we will be – from what we’ve seen – historically, we will be above that rate in the first half.
George Oliver: Yes. So it’s a great question, Jeff. When you look at where we’ve had the biggest impact is in our North America business, and it’s really the convergence of three supply chains. So it’s not only what our customers are doing, what we supply to our North America business, especially around building management controls, and then ultimately, what we buy from other OEs that contribute to the project-based business we built. And so all three have been challenged. What I – what we’ve seen in the third quarter, we have significantly improved our turn of our building management systems and the digital content that we provide to our North America business. We’re continuing to work with the other OEs and seeing improvements in their deliveries as well as the line of sight to sustain those deliveries going forward. And then I think as labor begins to subside, the labor pressures that everyone has had to deal with during this cycle, I think, are beginning to subside. So that what I think would impact the broader customer – the ability for the customer not to execute more on plan relative to the projects that are being completed. So I think those are the three elements that drive our success. We see a net result in the quarter was about $45 million in lower absorption in North America. That will continue to improve as we go through Q4, that will be reduced. And then on a go-forward basis, as I said, we’re going to get back. We’ve got projects on average. We’re turning – it’s really about two months. It’s taken two months longer that we’re going to start to see that turn reduced and getting back to where we’ve been historically. And so it’s hard to say precisely what it’s going to be, Jeff, but I have confidence working across all of those factors that things are improving, and we’re going to be able to turn faster. We’re going to be able to get additional volumes through here, especially as we look at the first half of 2023, and that should play out pretty well for us.
George Oliver: Let me just add, Julian, too. The other is the mix. As we got behind on our building management system, the electronic systems that go into our solution set, certainly, that has a big impact because there’s a multiple there as it gets installed and then serviced within our business. And so we saw our accelerating recovery during the third quarter. We just had a very strong July with our electronic building management systems, and that drives significant revenue as well as from a mix standpoint getting back to where we were historically with that content. So that’s another contributor. In addition to what Olivier said about the pricing. Just to understand this pricing dynamic in our field-based business, up until it was over a year ago when we were going to be in a inflationary period, but not the hyperinflation that we experienced, and we’ve been working to claw back on those contracts. Obviously, the additional cost, but it’s difficult to get it fully recovered. We’ve been booking the last year at a much higher level of cost with a much higher level of anticipated inflation and then above and beyond that booking very attractive margins in this environment because of the demand. And so what you’ll see and what Olivier said is seeing the mix now of those projects beginning to come through with the higher mix of content that is helping the margin rate.
George Oliver: Yes. So when we look at – you really have to look at Fire & Security more broadly and not necessarily by domain. We’ve been incorporating this into more of our building systems offering, so not just Fire & Security, but other offerings. Certainly, the domain itself is very attractive because of the service that we spin out. And then we’re going back after the installed base as part of our services to be able to upgrade and then with connectivity be able to perform more services. So what you’re seeing is that playing out. So we’re creating demand with the installed base. We’re upgrading. We’re connecting, and then ultimately, we’re capitalizing on what there is for new projects that are coming through the market. And so I think you’re seeing an output of that, and I think the team is executing very well. The other thing, Josh, is that we have been constrained in the semiconductor with the semiconductor materials. And our teams have done a really nice job working with all of our semiconductor manufacturers with line of sight now to run rates that are much higher than what we were achieving. And so our ability to be able to then sell and convert, especially on some of the shorter cycle projects has been a real advantage for us. And so I think it’s a combination of those elements. And we saw our Fire & Security in total actually very attractive across the board with the work that we’re doing not only in the product level, but also the solution set. And then more importantly, the way that we’re executing on the installed base with service.
George Oliver: Yes. So the core to what we’re doing is creating increased value. And so when you look at the solutions that we’re providing, we’re leveraging OpenBlue, we’re really differentiating the type of solutions that we serve to the most attractive verticals. And as a result of that, we’ve been getting high demand and putting high-quality backlog into – high-quality projects into our backlog. And so when you look historically, our backlog is pretty sticky because they’re all typically funded and ultimately, started in – and no matter if we get into a recessionary period, that price holds up relative to how we execute on the projects. And so I think it’s this focus on our strategy and the value proposition, on the returns that we’re getting with the additional content that we’re putting into the solution set and then ultimately, building an installed base that enables us to go back and not only have that installed base connected, but then build a suite of solutions, our services – digital services that we apply to that installed base on a go-forward basis, which makes it really sticky. So those are the fundamentals of how we’re booking. And I would tell you, we’ve been extremely disciplined. When this all accelerated, it was over a year ago last summer when the view that inflation wasn’t going to be transitory, and there was really going to be a significant ramp up. I can assure you that on a go-forward basis, we were booking that into the baseline. Now obviously, what you saw in third quarter was the inflection point of the older projects prior to that coming through in the third quarter. But as you go forward, you’ll have a higher mix of these newer projects that ultimately are fully costed and then they’re tied to a higher value proposition that ultimately is a key element of the overall pricing.
George Oliver: I’ll take the first on the supply chain, and then I’ll ask Olivier to comment on the EMEALA margins. What I said was, we’ve seen a noticeable improvement in our supply chain. And we knew from second quarter to third quarter, there was going to be a big sequential ramp because of our normal seasonality, and we weren’t going to be able to recover significantly in that quarter. But on a go-forward basis, we’re building resiliency in working with our suppliers for the supplier materials to be able to sustain that level of production on a go-forward basis. And I’d say, overall, we made good progress. And then what I would say is that we’re getting much better visibility on a go-forward basis. So when we look at run rates any one of our domains or any one of our – whether it’s HVAC domains or Fire & Security, we have a pretty good line of sight now to the critical materials on a run rate basis that sustains our volumes. If you look at our volumes, at least in Global Products, both the internal and external volume that we have, we’re at an elevated level. So we’re going to continue at the level we’re at or maybe a little bit better sequentially into Q4. And our goal is to continue to sustain the supply chain as we set up for the first half of next year. So that’s the plan. And some of that now Olivier can talk about the margin structure and how that ultimately comes through, especially I think the question was around EMEALA.
George Oliver: Yes. So what I would say, it’s called this is really playing out to our strengths, and it’s been really attractive. I think from the start, we sized it to be $10 billion or $15 billion with a double-digit CAGR. That’s playing out over the last two years at or maybe even above that. It’s been buoyed by the U.S. relief and stimulus funding. There’s other global government programs that are focused on IAQ. And a lot of this is actually converging with the focus on sustainability. So when you look at our year-to-date orders, we’re up over $400 million in 2022, up 27%, and that was over a strong year last year, and that’s continuing. We see the budgeting that our customers have relative to doing these upgrades. And so the pipeline right now is about $1.3 billion on a go forward basis. And I think what differentiates us, Scott, to your question is, the OpenBlue indoor air quality as a service, where it isn’t just one domain, it’s our ability to be able to take the combination of what we do with our equipment, with the digital aspect of the building that ultimately delivers the outcome at the highest level relative to what we deliver. And therefore, you get obviously the returns for very attractive returns. And I think what we’ve been doing here is patenting the optimization solutions that we’re developing and enabling our customers, which takes into account not just the Healthy Buildings aspect, but also balancing that with the energy cost that are incurred to be able to elevate the indoor air quality and actually not just use additional energy, actually consume – conserve energy while you’re delivering a higher outcome for the customer. And so we’re continuing to advance our portfolio. I think over the last two years, we’ve had 25 products – new products, new solutions launched supporting this effort. I think we feel very good about the continued growth rate and the margin profile that we’re getting on these solutions that we’re serving our customers with.
George Oliver: Yes. So we’re – what I would say, we’re – I’m very pleased with the progress we’re making with services in general, and it’s really the services flywheel, where we went back and have assessed our entire installed base. We looked at what we were doing today with more of our mechanical services. And then what we did over the last – it’s really been the last year, going back to mine that installed base and getting – going back and getting that older equipment connected, ultimately providing offerings for – once you get the connection, the use of the data and ultimately developing additional data services that optimizes the use of the chiller. And so it’s been not only with the existing contracts, getting them all connected as part of our existing contract and then being able to take the new services and add on to that. So you get more revenue per customer, but it’s also been mining the installed base to be able to pick up some of that installed base that whatever reason we hadn’t been serving. And so we’re up – the enabler of that, Scott is OpenBlue. So we launched a very efficient gateway with OpenBlue that allows us to have very – is very efficient in how we can go back and connect it and get the immediate use of the data. And that, as a result, has accelerated our ability to connect. We’re up to over 8,400, up 86% year-on-year, and that’s only going to accelerate on a go-forward basis. And so it’s helping our attach rate. And so when you go in and whether it’s a new piece of equipment or an existing PSA, you go in – with that attachment, our renewals are much higher as well as when you put out a new piece of equipment, it enables us to be able to manage that equipment through warranty much more efficiently. And it makes it more sticky to that go forward, getting the service on a go-forward basis. Those two combined and then with some added services we’ve launched, OpenBlue Chiller, Vibrational Analysis, Energy Advisory, there’s a lot of other added capabilities that once you get that connection, there’s a lot more value that can be created in how you serve that installed base. So those are the elements that come together, but we’re very encouraged with the progress we’ve made to date.
George Oliver: Yes. So if you look at our JCH business, obviously, we have a strong presence in Japan and Taiwan. Taiwan has been performing very well. Japan has been a little bit softer as it relates to the residential offering. But the rest of the world, where we’ve been expanding our footprint and working to gain share, we’ve actually been doing very well. India has come back from where they were pretty much – pretty soft during the whole COVID cycle, that’s coming back. We’re seeing nice growth in Europe because of the offering and the strong heat pump portfolio that we have within the JCH portfolio. We’re seeing nice pickup in Europe, and we continue to work to expand our presence here in North America. But overall, I mean, even though we have high growth, it’s to a small base. So overall, we’ve been – from a reinvestment standpoint, we’ve had high reinvestment. We’ve got a lot of new products, new heat pumps that are coming into the market, and we feel very good about it on a go-forward basis.
George Oliver: Well, what I would say on that because I think it is important there. When you look at what’s happening in Europe, the decarbonizing trend is underpinned by the solid strategy with the green deal, which is to get to net zero by 2050. And then it’s underpinned by EU-level legislation, which is climate law, energy efficiency directive as well as energy performance of Buildings. And so then you see what happened with this repower EU directive, which is to create independence from Russian fossil fuels by – I think it’s by 2027, this is going to require new public buildings must be zero emission by 2027. The worst-performing buildings 15% of the stock have to be upgraded, and then there’s going to be an obligation to get an energy performance certificate. So when you play that out, Nigel, given our offering across our entire HVAC portfolio, it does play to our strengths with what we’ve been doing to get to low GWP, at the same time, reducing the energy consumed for the applications that we bring into that market. And so we feel very good about that.
George Oliver: Thanks, Deane. And why don’t I take a minute here to wrap up. I want to thank everyone for joining our call today. While 2022 was a headwind and the fundamentals of our business have never been better as we’ve been working through this, we continue to see strong order momentum, continued service performance and a record backlog with much higher book margins. We’ve made significant progress with our operational initiatives and the cost reduction measures and are in an optimal position going forward to now capitalize on the strong demand that we continue to see while leveraging our disruptive digital platform. I can say, I’m very confident in our outlook, and as we close out the fiscal year and look to drive significant value for our shareholders, customers and communities heading into 2023, and I do look forward to speaking with many of you soon over the next few days. So operator, that concludes our call today.
