Glen Ponczak: Well, thank you, Melissa. Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2011 earnings conference call.  Before we begin, I'd like to remind you of our forward-looking statements. Johnson Controls has made forward-looking statements in this presentation and documents pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2011 and beyond that are based on preliminary data and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements, the company cautions that numerous important factors, such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, customer or supplier disruptions, energy or commodity prices, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of or changes to commercial contracts, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of the company's most recent Form 10-K filing, which was filed November 23, 2010, could affect the company's actual results and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by or on behalf of the company. Joining this morning is Steve Roell, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. Steve will give an overview of the third quarter. After that, Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will give a more detailed review of the businesses and the financial review. And that will be followed with questions and answers concluding right at noon, Eastern Time.  And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Glen Ponczak: Yes. And Melissa, before we do, just -- I would assume there's a fairly large number in the queue, like there always. [Operator Instructions]. Melissa, we'll take questions.
Glen Ponczak: Let me just add one thing because I've got in the call a question a couple of times here, be careful looking at margin in Power Solutions sequentially. There's a lot of seasonality in that business. And so look at it year-on-year, that's a better way of looking at it.
Stephen Roell: Just a comment to it, if you are meaning -- for those of you that haven't been to that session in the past, we'll have our presidents will be attending with us at that session. We do really give you time and each one of them gets the chance to start to object there, provide you with our outlook for their business units. So, sorry Bruce, with that, we'll turn over -- and for questions.
Stephen Roell: The only thing I can add, Bruce, is that also when we saw the demand slowdown in the April May timeframe, we did get back to production. So we had some absorption from demand [ph].
Stephen Roell: Well, I've indicated is that we saw the demand come back, Tim, so that shouldn't be an issue to us. We -- at this point in time, by the time we get in the September/October timeframe, in particular, we'll be at full board, just ramping up at the stocking period. But I was indicating earlier is we're seeing, I think, the inventory flow out at the distribution to the point where in June -- and certainly, in Europe, we're already starting to see a nice recovery. So I don't expect that to be an issue at all in the quarter.
Stephen Roell: Let me see if I can add anything. I'm not sure I'm going to help you with the segments, but let me say what I think is key. If I look at the fourth quarter, there is a couple of key things that have to happen. One is that service that Bruce referred to in terms of the truck-based service is critical to us, and the heating season should help us but that's high-margin business for us. So it's growth is going to have an impact on the margin. Second, Solutions. Solutions is another very important element to us, and I think the trip will be fine. The key thing is the booking. I've looked at the bookings, and Bruce talked about the fact that there was a lull this past quarter. But as I look at the specific jobs in the pipeline, we have a very, very strong booking period from Solutions in the fourth quarter. Unfortunately, when that's recorded in the fourth quarter and when we can begin to bill against that, that's going to be critical. That's another variable that we're monitoring, okay? As I look forward into 2012, the major elements in terms of margin expansion within Building Efficiency are tied to a couple of things. We have heavy investments planned for IT, innovation and our sales force expansion. We're going to have to look at those and gauge which ones are critical and which ones we can potentially spread longer to get some expansion as we look in '12. That's what we're be working on between now and when we meet with you in October. But I think near term, it's service and the Solutions business that are doing the revenue part of that in the quarter, again there are 2 bigger variables. Residential won't be a big factor for us, as Bruce mentioned.
Stephen Roell: There's some but not nearly. We probably have more momentum in the early half of the year than we have recently. It's an area that we focus. We had a lot of success with that distribution, taking distribution market share in the first half. Brian, I'm not sure what I can tell you that it will continue in the third quarter but that's an area of focus for us.
Stephen Roell: We can try to do that for you. Let me think about that, Brian. We can provide that. But remember, our goal of 10% was without GWS.
Stephen Roell: I guess the best way you could use is Bruce used the number of 7.7% in the quarter. Say it's in the 7.5% range, that's what we're trying to drive and stair step and guide quite up to 10.
Stephen Roell: I guess, another thing is that -- and a lot of our growth is international, and we're shipping some of our larger equipment into the Middle East and China. And unfortunately, the in-transit, it just -- it builds up on our books that way. When we looked at the times, there's things we can do, though I don't want to -- it's not all a function of the fact that it's a business. But there's some things we can improve on our performance. I'm sure we can get there. Payables will have a seasonal impact, so will receivables. And so we'll get cash flow based on that as we do every year in the fourth quarter. But there are some things we need to do. And as Bruce mentioned in our inventory area within Power Solutions and also, within our inventory even within our Automotive groups. So those are the 2 focus points.
Stephen Roell: Yes, Peter, that's -- I've got to be careful here because -- also, if you look at the fourth quarter, so-so seasonally high revenue period for us, okay? So when I talked about the fact that I'm confident that we're going to be booking strongly in terms of our Solutions business, we're also be revenue-ing, okay? I'd be very happy if we continue to revenue at 20% and backlog grows at 15%, I'll be very pleased, but that's just -- I just don't want to mislead you there, okay? Looking at our very strong backlogs, I don't think we ever expected any time in our planning to be -- have our backlogs be as high as they have gone. Certainly, last quarter, I think they were in the 16%, what, 17% range? So we had early success. At the same time, if you think about this last quarter and people have said, "Well, at least you didn't get any sequential increase." Well, our revenue was up 21%. And so I guess what I'm telling you hit bottom line is we're going to have a strong booking period. We're going to have a strong revenue period. And so I'd expect backlog to be up again from last year, but they're not going to sequentially continue to grow 20%, 25%.
Stephen Roell: But I'm not -- to the extent that -- I've not heard any further discussion on further price increases where we are. Industry, Peter, to be honest, the industry's very, very disciplined. It always has and seems to tracked where industry moves pricing-wise across the board, all competitors seem to follow.
Stephen Roell: But, David, your overall questions are very good and that is that the GWS is not a capital-intensive business. And therefore, we monitor that based on its pull-through, as Bruce just mentioned.
Stephen Roell: And the rest of the business was the right thing. I think we need to focus on that and we believe there's opportunities there to improve it. If you look at some of the value we provide to our customers in terms of outcome metrics, typically around Solutions, the question is whether not we're getting paid, whether we're booking it properly, pricing it properly. That's the work that Dave Myers and Bill Jackson are working with their teams. That's really where we think there are opportunities.
Stephen Roell: On the working capital, we didn't quantify it, Rod. Right now, our use of cash working capital is about $990-some million year-to-date.
Stephen Roell: Well, I think Rod, to be honest, at this point, I may have those numbers for my Building Efficiency Group, but we've not reviewed the budgets. We don't review BE until next week. So it would be premature.
Stephen Roell: It's difficult. We serve all those, okay. And I would tell you that the growth that we've seen has been pretty broad-based. So I don't see it -- I don't, at this stage, see a lot of channel shift between the retail channel, the special channels, et cetera. I don't see it yet. Our growth was pretty broad-based. So as I look across our aftermarket groups, I mean part of those Wal-Mart, in fact, we're serving more Wal-Mart locations. But I mean if I look at the group of customers you just mentioned, Theodore, we're getting good growth from all of those. So I'm not seeing a lot of share shift at this stage.  Okay, listen, we're going to wrap up. We're going to be around for questions and we'll certainly be there to help. Thank you very much for your interest and your questions. They were very good. We're optimistic about not only our outlook for the fourth quarter, but as we put together our plans for 2012 and we see some exciting things there, you should expect that from us, because of the acquisitions and the capital investments that were made this year, we've tried to guide all year that we expect 2012 to be a significant improvement in our earnings. We understand the pressure on margins, and we understand the fact that we need to go after those. That's why I've brought some additional resources in and that's why we're moving our compensation to focus on that point. So we got that message and we understand that and that's where our focus will be. We won't give up our focus on growth. That's an important part of our culture. That's who we are and that's what we do. So again, thank you very much for your attention and have a good day.
R. McDonald: Well, let me just sort of at level say it, I think John, we've given sort of intermediate guidance for all 3 of our businesses. So if we talked about Power Solutions, our expectation is about 100 basis points year over the next, say, 4 years. We're not backing away from that at all. We're firmly committed to that. Lead, as you know, will impact us. So if lead goes higher and lower, it's going to change the absolute dollar of our profit. It could affect the reported margins. But underlying, we're committed there. In terms of Automotive, we've guided some margins be in that 6% to 7% range, and we've also talked about the fact that the recent acquisitions that we've made we expect will be accretive to that. So I think that on an intermediate basis, again, we're not backing away from the 6% to 7%. In the short term, the real driver here is our European performance. And as we look into the fourth quarter, our expectation is we'll see European margins at about 3% in the fourth quarter. And that compares to -- I think if you look at last year, we're sort of around the break-even levels. So you'll start to see with the Japan situation coming back online, with these acquisitions coming under our belt, you will start to see steady improvement there and progress towards our intermediate goal. In Building Efficiency, here, we talked about a 50 basis point improvement on an annual basis in terms of our margins and getting up to that 10%, excluding GWS. If you just look at this quarter, we're 77, excluding GWS. So we got about 200, say, 30, 250 basis points to go to get there. A key for us here is going to be -- and we've talked about this before is we've got to get a recovery in the residential market. That's one of our highest contribution businesses. And it's coming much, much softer than we had expected, and that's going to -- I mean, that's going to eventually reverse. Same thing on service. We've got -- our service margins tend to be very rich. And coming out of the downturn here, it's been a choppy environment. So no change to the long term. I think we had acknowledged with the residential and the service headwinds that we have this year, we're not going to see the margin improvement that we're forecasting for 2011 but we're not backing away from the longer-term objective.
R. McDonald: It's a reduction, John, in the launch and containment cost. I mean, we also are just working our way through. And they're not going to go away in the fourth quarter but they're on a glide path down, and that's really what drives it and the acquisitions. The acquisitions will be accretive to our margins.
R. McDonald: Well, it's actually kind of interest, Himanshu, if you look at the -- when we talk about the impact to Japan was $400 million. If you sort of look at a regional basis, about 15% was what hit us in -- 15% of the $400 million hit us in Japan, the country of Japan. And really, Nissan is the main impact there. And about 5% of that $400 million was Europe. 80% of it is North America. So the lion's share of the downturn that we experienced is North America. The other thing I would point out is we do have a number of nonconsolidated joint ventures that deal with the Japanese exclusively in North America, so we're losing the equity income there. But I think those are the 2 -- those are really 2 factors, Himanshu.
R. McDonald: It's around -- it was actually lower than that, obviously. More in North American continent this quarter because of the Japan situation, but it's plus or minus 50%, 55% is the Detroit 3 and 45% to 50% is the not all transplants.
R. McDonald: Yes. I think -- well, first of all, if you look at containment costs, they were comparable, okay? So Q3 containment launch -- I think difficult launch containment cost to stress supply and those types of things were comparable quarter-to-quarter. So we really didn't see a big benefit Q3 versus Q2 there. The main issue that I would say sequentially hit us was our engineering and normal launch cost where like we talked about there $41 million higher year-over-year. I don't have those at the top of my fingers what they were by region quarter-over-quarter, but maybe Glen can follow up. But they did pick up in the quarter. And then, when we talk about Q4, Himanshu, when I say we're going to be at that sort of 3%, keep in mind I'm guiding with the acquisition-related amortization, some of the step-up things like that in the number, okay? So my 2.1% excludes those types of costing in Q4. You're going to see those in the numbers. That's going to get across the 3%.
R. McDonald: Sure. We did increase our prices in the quarter, as you indicated. I think we announced those in April and they went into effect in May 1, I believe, in North America. But those were basically price increases to offset, I would say, non-lead commodity type inflations, so things like tin, some of the resins, acid, those other...
R. McDonald: Transportation cost. Those price increases kind of offset that. In terms of AGM, we really don't -- I'd say it's a slight benefit. The AGM production, really -- I mean, it's higher than last year but it's not really moving the needle a heck of the lot right now. The real step-up comes in '12 and '13, '13 really. The smelter investment in Mexico, that was online for the whole quarter, not quite at 100% ramp-up but pretty close. So we got the benefit from that in the margins.
R. McDonald: Well, we're -- I think because we have 10 segments, we're not -- we're only -- we got to focus our attention on the 3 pieces, so I can give you a little bit of color within that. I mean, generally speaking, I think if you looked at the segment detail within Building Efficiency, what you're going to see is kind of what we described. Our North American Systems business performed quite well. Our Asian business performed quite well. The GWS was kind of in line with last year, and our Service business in North America was down from a margin or I'd say it didn't live up to expectation, actually had a light uptick, I think, possibly year-over-year, but negatively impacted by the softness. In terms of the residential business volume, it is within the other. We will, in our 10K -- Q, sorry, talk about residential in what was happened there, but it's profitable. It's not losing money. We've restructured that business so that it's profitable. It's just kind fortunately because it's like a double -- it's like a 10% return on sales business going into the quarter. Contribution margins hurt when the revenue drops like it did, 15%.
R. McDonald: Oh, yes, yes, and for the AGM investment. So it's still -- there's still investment costs running through our numbers. But like we sort of said at the beginning, if you look at the -- or in the last question about the factory absorption in battery, I'd say, and this is just the fact that we produced less units than we sold. I would put the impact of that at like $15 million or $20 million in the quarter. So that's like a onetime hit that we take an absorption that won't kind of reoccur as our production schedules ramp up here in the fourth quarter.
R. McDonald: Yes, we -- well, I think when we -- the best way to sort of look at it without getting in total nitty gritty is we talked about the impact was going to be $500 million and the EPS impact of like $0.16 to $0.18. And now we're saying the revenue $0.16 to $0.18 now we're saying the revenue with $400 million, so you can take 80% of what we said before, Chris. In terms of the fourth quarter, in our outlook slide, I said it's about $0.02 a share on that $70 million, both for the contribution margins, both 20%. So it's lower contribution margin in Q4 as opposed to Q1 -- sorry Q3, and that's really because it's 1 or 2 plants that are affected, not the 50 that we had in this current quarter and we're better able to respond in terms of our labor strategies.
R. McDonald: Well, the DSO is really a business mix. So it's not we've got a credit like overdues or anything like that are improving -- or deteriorating. It's really just the mix of business. Some of our business have lower DSOs than other. And it's -- some unbuild things like -- as we worked through some of our launch issues in Europe, we have tooling receivable balances that hasn't been paid because we haven't finalized their sign-ups [ph], things like that. We have some unbilled issues in Building Efficiency in some of our larger contracts that have come online just sort of streamlining those. So that's where we see some the benefits, we see some of the actions that we're implementing turn that around. In terms of inventory, it’s -- I'd say the one area that’s a focus for us is on -- is in power solutions. We probably got $100 million savings, $2 million, $2.5 million units of finished goods inventory, more than we ought to have right now. We'll bleed that out here in the fourth quarter.
R. McDonald: We've had 2 price increases this year as well, Peter. Glen, do you know what the dates -- well, one was very early, [indiscernible]. And one I think was in April.
R. McDonald: The other thing I would just remind folks when we talk -- look at GWS is what you don't see in that segment is the systems and the service work that we get from the Global Workplace Solutions customers. That is a $50 million to $75 million annual contribution into our systems and services business that it just doesn't get bookkeep-ed in the GWS segment. So when we look at the business internally, we are all very conscious of that pull-through.
R. McDonald: It's both, Rod. It's like the ongoing -- like the step-up in some of the amortization and depreciation. And then there's some nonqualifying type cost like cost to integrate IT systems and things like that, but it has to go through to your P&L. And that's what we said, those -- we talked about $0.03 here, fourth quarter, that will kind of break the back on it. Next year, if you look at sort of the ongoing impact, it'll be some of that will carry forward. So it's going to be about $0.05 for us in 2012.
