George R. Oliver: Yes, let me start with the field, within fire and security. We have been building and this holds true also for the legacy JCI Building Efficiency business, we've been building orders consistently about 3% or 4% over the last year or so, and that's been building the backlog. And what we're beginning to see is actually the conversion of that backlog within the fire and security space. And so both businesses, both North America and rest of the world up somewhere 2% to 3%, which actually is a reflection of the progress we've made with orders in building the backlog. Relative to products, products are a shorter, your shorter cycle turn business, and as we've seen our first quarter last year was pretty good within the fire and security space. So now we have a – the last of our tough compare within the first quarter within fire and security. I believe we've seen the inflection point based on the current trends that we see with the activity that's taking place. A lot of this is being driven by the Middle East. And so the Middle East, when you look at both combined businesses, is down pretty significantly. That's driving both the Middle East field business as well as our product businesses. We've seen some real bright spots here over the quarter with some nice wins and orders coming through. And I think that bodes well here as we project the remainder of the year, both within the industrial refrigeration business, within the legacy BE business, as well as now the flow of our product businesses supporting the heavy industrial, high-hazard end markets within the legacy Tyco product businesses. We continue to make the investment in our products. So we have not slowed the investments. And I think as the market begins to recover, we're going to be positioned extremely well to be able to capitalize on that recovery.
George R. Oliver: So when you look at the orders that we've had and the backlog that we've built, so the orders in the first quarter up about 2%, but the backlog was up 6% year on year, 2% sequentially organically. And so although we're a little bit off what we expected, just recognize that in the first quarter, we only expected modest growth within Buildings in the first quarter. And so we came in a little bit short of that. And we were going to accelerate during the course of the year to be able to deliver on the 2% to 4% organic growth for the year. Now that being said, now that we're off to a little bit slower start than we expected, that will put pressure to get to the higher end of that organic growth range. But we're still positioned with the orders that we've been able to generate, the backlog that's in place, our ability to be able to get into that range, most likely to the low or to mid end of that range that we provided guidance to back in December.
George R. Oliver: I would say, Jeff, that within the Tyco portfolio, I think we start to see better compares as it relates to the heavy industrial, high-hazard end markets. Recognize that within our products business those markets represent about 30% of our volume and revenue. And so I think we start to see a better compare there, the field businesses are executing well with the continued order growth and the backlog growth that we're seeing. That's going to play out here I think well as we now project the second half of the year. We typically have a seasonal decline in the second quarter, is typically the slowest quarter because of the install segment of our business and then it becomes very strong – it strengthens in the third and fourth quarter. So I don't see anything unusual except for that I believe that we're seeing an inflection within some of the key end markets that we serve.
George R. Oliver: We've had some real strong performance here within our residential like commercial business. When you look at our product businesses here, even in the first quarter, our sales were up in those two businesses up 12% organically. Units actually up even further than that, so that's continuing. And we see that coming through strong, as we project the business going forward. We've also seen within the HVAC space some real strong performance in our applied HVAC across the globe, and building off what Alex said about Asia, a lot of that strength is coming through the work that we've done to improve our product as well as expand our channel within Asia. And so we're seeing some nice pick-up there within the HVAC. As I said we have short term, seeing the pressure with the industrial refrigeration, as it relates to the heavy industrial, high-hazard oil and gas type end markets. But the good news there is that in the quarter, we've seen some nice pick-up in order activity, as well as orders secured. And I think that's going to start to benefit us here as we project the remainder of the year. And so I think in the legacy BE portfolio with the exception of the performance contracting, with the investments that are being made, we're starting to see the pick-up within the product channels. And then within the – when you look at within the Tyco product businesses, we continue to invest in spite of some of the pressure that's coming through and the end markets that we serve and truly believe that we're at an inflection point, we'll start to see the progress here over the remainder of the year.
George R. Oliver: Yeah. Gautam, I mean, I think it's a little bit too early to see what's going to happen here. I think what we've been doing is to try to mitigate the risk that we've seen with the softness that we've experienced, and we've been sizing the business appropriately to be able to execute on the plan. Now, that being said, with the pick-up in orders that gives us some confidence now that with the actions that are being taken that we're going to be positioned to deliver like I said on the guidance that we provided from an organic standpoint going forward. And, hopefully we'll be able to accelerate some of these orders so we can convert within the calendar year. But I think at this stage it's hard to forecast what ultimately the overall impact will be for the year.
George R. Oliver: I think that really relates primarily to the fact that the Hitachi transaction occurred at the beginning of the first quarter in last fiscal year. And coming out of the box with Hitachi, as you may recall, they had lower margins. And as we look at the first quarter of this year moving into the second quarter of this year, the Hitachi piece of that is really what's driving it. Because the Hitachi margins, dollar margins and actual margins in the second quarter of last year, obviously, are more comparable to the second quarter of this year than the first quarter was. So I guess a year ago we had Hitachi, just – we just closed the transaction and we didn't really see any of the cost synergies out of that transaction until we started the second quarter. So that's really the primary driver.
George R. Oliver: I would say, Steve, just based on the performance that we've seen here, we're turning that pretty quickly. We're producing at a double-digit rate on units. And as you've seen in the UPG channel or our business there, we're up 12% organically year on year, and we're projecting that to continue to be able to outperform the growth of the market. And so I think based on what we've seen, we're efficiently utilizing that inventory, and it's turning pretty well.
George R. Oliver: Let me start by giving you the fundamentals of each of the businesses. If you go back historically, the BE backlog turns anywhere from 9 to 18 months. The Tyco backlog on the installed business is 9 to 12 months. And recognize that every project is unique in how we ultimately go to market and execute on these projects. Now if you look at the total Buildings business, about 70% of the business is driven by the field orders. And so when you go back historically and do an average based on that backlog and the type of projects that are in the backlog and then project what's going to happen here over the next 9 months, we feel very comfortable with where we are and how those projects are going to convert, that we get into what we ultimately guided towards, which is the 2% to 4% for the total Buildings business because this is a significant piece of that within 2017. And so at this stage, I think it's all about execution. We're going to see some continued orders come in that are quicker turn to supplement that backlog. But it's fairly predictable at this stage where we are through the year and ultimately what we expect here over the next three quarters.
George R. Oliver: Correct. On a flow basis on the products side, as you know, we're continuing to expand our channels across both sets of businesses. That's helping us being able to accelerate the product growth. And that combined with the product that we support our internal channel with sets us up here fairly nicely for the next three quarters and continuing to accelerate the overall growth that we're going to achieve and deliver on the guidance that we provided.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Nigel, this is Alex. From a Buildings perspective, I probably ham-and-egg this a little bit between myself and George. I would agree with what George said. I think that what we're seeing as the backlog continues to develop, just the sheer math of it would tell you that we're probably going to be at the mid range of that or lower. So, that being offset on the positive is I think the synergies are coming a lot faster than what we expected. So I think as we move forward, I'm just glad we continue to build the backlog. Eventually that's got to flow. But what we do have is we do see the cost coming through at a better pace than what we expected.
Alex A. Molinaroli: So I'll take this because it needs a little bit of a historical context with Johnson Controls to understand. I think we knew this was coming because a year and a half ago, at the end of fiscal 2015 I guess that would have been, what we saw and it had to do with all the budget issues with the federal government is a significant decline in our secured sales in the federal government business. As I think you know or at least you'll again understand is that business flows really over an 18-month period. So now we're seeing the result of that federal government business that really never came back. It's a new normal of that business, which is a significant part of our performance contracting portfolio, normally secured in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year, and that new normal is now what's flowing through our book. So I think if you had the historical context of Johnson Controls, this is the output of the secured sales challenge that was due to the federal government that I think is a new normal, quite frankly. Who knows what the future bodes, but at least over the last year and a half, it's a new normal.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Sure. So there's border adjustment and there's a whole Mexico conversation, and they're related but not completely. And I think we'll have to wait to see how the dust settles. But if you just look – if we just take as a reference point because I think what most people are using is essentially the House blueprint as a tax policy and a border adjustment. I assume that's your reference point too, Jeff.
Alex A. Molinaroli: If you think of it that way, we've modeled it, what the impact would be of, say, the 20% tax rate and a border adjustment. It's neutral to us if you look at the overall effect, because we are a net importer, mostly because of our battery business. But it's complicated because our supply chain, we take core batteries into Mexico. We manufacture batteries for the Mexico market and for the U.S. market. We bring batteries back into the U.S., and then we finish them in the U.S. And so when you look at our total cost in our value chain, it's a very complicated equation, and we really don't know the details of the tax plan. But the best we can tell when we do our own modeling, we're net neutral on this.
Alex A. Molinaroli: I don't know that we could give you much more in the quarter-to-quarter, but I don't see anything that's unusual this year versus last year. I think what for us at legacy Johnson Controls in particular, as we saw the models that were put together for the second quarter and we knew internally that we were going to have growth, but that we understood our seasonality, and we think a lot of folks didn't really understand our seasonality on the second quarter. So for us, the second quarter that we're giving is not a surprise and the back end is also not a surprise. I just think that this is a learning process that's going on between us and a lot of the folks that are following us that don't really understand the seasonality of the battery business. The battery business is fairly predictable. There are some quarter-to-quarter lead adjustments, but overall it's fairly predictable. And I think if you look at the back half of the year with our backlog and then if you also think about it from the historical perspective, I think we feel relatively comfortable and that's why we put that slide in that showed both the synergy costs and the back-end flow of the business. George, you may have a perspective on the Tyco side.
Alex A. Molinaroli: When I look at Asia, I guess to give you some qualitative. What I see is that the activity is strengthening in Asia. And then if you think about orders being the field part of our business and you think about revenues on the other side, which show up in our – things like our Hitachi joint venture, we're seeing a mix change too. So it's not just a projects business, which kind of shows up in our orders. But when you think about our products business, we're going to continue to see strength in things like our VRF products that we've gotten through the Hitachi joint venture. But I think overall, I would expect that we're going to continue – we will start to see orders build in Asia not – I mean, that won't be near the pace that we're seeing in Power Solutions because I think we have a unique situation there, but I do think that we're bullish on growth in Asia.
Alex A. Molinaroli: I think I'm going to take the opportunity to talk about this performance contracting. It's under pressure because of some of the end markets, but one of the things that is going to be important for us as we go forward we'll talk about the branch businesses that pull through products. So, whether it's our applied businesses or our controls business, then of course, what's happening in products. The performance contracting business is a separate business unto itself and so as we compare ourselves whether we're gaining share or losing share, if you look at both the applied and the unitary products, we feel very good about investments we've made and we're seeing share gains. And so that's one of the reasons why we want to separate out because it bodes well for our future. We should see it both from the field side and get leverage at the factory.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah. I guess the qualitative, I'd say the performance contracting will remain under pressure for the year. Industrial refrigeration, we've got some good order growth. And so, if we can get the conversion on that, it'd probably had less pressure on it. That's a qualitative, but I think that's the way I think about it.
Alex A. Molinaroli: No, I don't think it impacts us from that perspective at all. I think the only kind of pause it would give is if you making an investment in plant and equipment, you probably have a new formula, which you don't really know what that is yet. But, it really doesn't affect the plans that we have in place when you think about our synergy efforts and our productivity efforts.
Alex A. Molinaroli: It could be some – certainly there will be improvement in Q2. I don't know if we'll turn fully positive in Q2. It would be plus or minus $100 million probably off breakeven, but as we've seen I think historically in both companies the second half ramp-up is quite significant, and there are a couple specific things that we're looking at to drive throughout the remainder of this year. I think a lot of the things that have been done at Hitachi to-date have been very focused on cost synergies, and there's an opportunity I think at Hitachi from a trade working capital improvement standpoint, which I think could benefit the second half of the year. And then when we talk about the JCI-Tyco merger as well, I think there's an opportunity as we work through some of the integration activities that we're going to see some improved trade working capital at the combined business. So I would say those are both probably more back half of the year. And when you take that accompanied with the back-ended synergies and the related cash flow that will come off of that and then look at the legacy two businesses and how they generally had a second half cash performance, I think there's a roadmap to the $2.1 billion target we've got.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Let me grab that. I think most of the inventory that you see in that business probably has to do with more seasonality because a lot of that inventory is owned in the channel. So I'm not familiar with what you heard at ASHRAE, but when you look at our – if you look at Johnson Controls' working capital and our inventory, it's really more of a Power Solutions conversation than it is HVAC, which relates to the differences. And quite frankly, even though our products business is growing significantly, it's not as big a part of our business as it is probably with our peer companies. Our trade working capital, a lot of that sits in our field organization more than it sits in the channels. But when you think about channels and you think about the product stocking, I don't think that we have seen an inordinate amount of build-up I think a year ago at this time, when we were having a conversation around UPG. We were talking to the channels because we had some product changes, but I don't know that we have anything inordinate now.
Alex A. Molinaroli: So just a footnote, we've seen a change in inventory that's half of our sales rate in our UPG business. So to George's point, it's turning quick, or quicker than it was.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Think of it as one piece of color on that legacy BE business. I think when we look at it internally, the law of large numbers. When we go into a fiscal year because of the turn rate, and you can do this math yourself, we're about 40% confident. About 40% of what we're going to get in a year is already in our backlog. Obviously, as the year goes on, that percentage goes up. So with 40% at the beginning of the year, you can kind of do your math. And so you can see as we go later in the year, as George was saying, we gain more and more confidence or not because it's either in the backlog or it's not. And so hopefully that makes sense but that kind of the 40% number walking into the year is from legacy BE when you look at our flow rates is how the math works.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yes, I'd just like to finish the call and once again just thank our employees. The amount of change is incredible and I think we've moved past talking about Adient and the spin. I'm just proud of what we accomplished there but as we run these two companies together, it's – what I feel good about is the momentum that we're gaining around that something, George putting in place around organizational structure while getting the Buildings business organized and as it gets organized, we're going to be able to not only see cost synergies but be able to fulfill the promise of the merger. And so I want to thank our employees for a great quarter and we're confident about the year, I hope that comes true in this call, it just a lot of work for us to do. But I'm confident we've got the right team doing it. So thanks a lot, have a great day.
Brian J. Stief: I think it's probably a bit of a carry-on to what Alex and George said regarding Buildings. I think 2.5% to 4.5% consolidated is very doable for us at this point in time. I think Power Solutions continues to perform extremely well. And if some of the backlog starts to flow in the back half of the year on the Buildings side, I think we're very comfortable at 2.5% to 4.5% as a target we can get.
Brian J. Stief: Yes, pretty consistent. I don't think – we did have some synergies that came out at $15 million reduction in the quarter related some to cost synergies that were permanent takeouts. There was some expense deferral that will probably come back and end up in the second quarter for us. So, I would necessarily go with that $108 million x4, I do think there's probably a slight build in Corporate expenses into the second quarter, so the range we gave before is pretty reasonable still.
Brian J. Stief: The performance contracting business is roughly $500 million on an annual basis and industrial refrigeration is probably $400 million to $500 million.
