Stephen A. Roell: It's the latter. There'll be more cores. In fact, we expect there are going to be a lot of cores. That would be the normal situation. It's just a function that we have to go into production almost this early to be able to meet the demand. We level our production, and so we're actually at almost full production here from July through the end of the year just to be able to meet the stocking required by the aftermarket. And we think it'll be -- even though, like Bruce described, there's probably a little bit of a pent-up inventory at the aftermarket right now, it's not significant, and so we expect that because of the hot weather and what it’s doing to the chemistry in the batteries, which it destroys them. And maybe for those of you that are on the phone that don't know that industry, the shortest lives of batteries are in the high heat districts like Vegas and Phoenix. And so the hot heat we're seeing throughout the Midwest and the East and the South is, in fact, weakening the batteries or shortening the battery life. We expect there to be therefore a flood of cores by the fourth quarter. It shouldn't continue beyond that. This is just very unusual, Chris.
Stephen A. Roell: No, I don't believe so. I don't sense that at all. Yes, it's pretty consistent amongst the -- if you sort of look at some of the competitors who have reported sort of similar numbers there.
Stephen A. Roell: That's fair, Chris. Let me try to -- this is a question I expected from probably most people on the call here, so I want to take a minute to answer this question appropriately. First of all, let me dispel something. The performance that we have for the Keiper transaction is just exactly what we expected. It's contributing the way we thought. So it's not the Keiper. Issues that we're having are pretty well concentrated in 2 businesses, as we've described. It's the metal operation prior to the acquisition and the business that we're awarded under the old product schemes, okay? And interiors continues to be a drag. But let's talk about metals, which is the one that -- where we expected the biggest improvement and haven't been able to get there. We have 6 different operating, I'll call them, work streams that we're focused on where we've identified and have mapped, I'll call it that, use your comment, Chris, probably hundreds of millions of dollars in the next 18 months. And they had to do with improvement in operations; they had to do with purchasing; they had to do with commercial negotiations. And let me just go into some of how -- what they are in detail and then I'll come back and tell you why timing is an issue for us. There's some things we can get our hands on right away. There's some purchasing opportunities that we have around steel tubes, around motors that we can get our hands on in relatively quick timeframe, meaning over the next 12 months. There are commercial claim processes; there are change processes that we'll get over the long-term and the medium-term. There are some things that we know we're going to benefit from in 2013, such as lower launch cost, and we're going to be shedding containment cost. That's probably a $50 million year-over-year improvement that we can see today just based on the activity that we have. There are some things that are probably over the medium-term, and these you'll understand as I walk them through with you. They would include things like how we design for manufacturing, how we standardize our product lines, how we deploy best practices and best processes. As an example, Hammerstein has an outstanding process that they use for both marrying their tracks and how they stamp rails. And we're deploying them across our product lines. Footprint optimization, what we can do to improve our machine utilization, our labor productivity. Those are all mapped in what we call a tracker. We have -- I'm not going to give out a number, but there are hundreds of millions of dollars we have tracked. What we're trying to do now is refine what we can get to in the near term quarter-by-quarter in fiscal 2013. These are all mapped and expected to be able to happen by mid 2014. So what I'm trying to do is provide some refinements so I can come back and give guidance to our shareholders what that rate of improvement is in the next 6 months, the next year and then more quarter-over-quarter guidance. That’s what I guess I would come out and tell you. So it's a blend of near-term things we know we can get our hands on and there are some things that we need to do to improve the long-term position of the business and standardize our product lines, improve our machine utilization. That's all taking place. And so it's not the new acquisitions. It is the business we were awarded back in 2009 and '10 that we're trying to improve and to making sure that we have the foundation in place and the fundamentals in place to ensure that improvement continues into '14 through '16.
Stephen A. Roell: Okay. Let me take a shot and I'll let Bruce come in also. I guess, if you go back to interiors, we still have plans that are a drag. We have product lines that are a drag, and we're actually looking at exiting some product categories, Brian. I think that the market conditions haven't changed. Interiors is a sector which has got overcapacity. And I think most players in that marketplace, whether it be Visteon or some of our other competitors, are -- it's not a new phenomena. The industry has been struggling for some time, okay? I believe that we've got Bill Jackson focused on that business, and that's where -- that's what he's focusing right now. We believe that we'll get some improvement because of that in terms of how we approach the OEs as a standalone business, okay? That's number one. In terms of your comment about the OEs, you're absolutely right. There is some additional pressure, and it's spotty. It's select OEs. We have turned back business where we weren't able to meet the cost reduction request that we were given. We continue to have a strong book of business. But I do think that our job is to protect that. We've been in investment, and it's our job to protect the investment and the margins that we acquired. And so from my perspective, the only way to do that is to be somewhat resistant on price reductions requests. And if that shrinks our business, so be it. I'm managing that business for returns right now.
Stephen A. Roell: Well, remember, too, Brian. In that European number, there's also the South America swing into a loss and...
Stephen A. Roell: No, I think it's the former. I think, really, we're just trying to get a better sense for what kind of environment we're going to be operating in. I mean, the other thing we could have done is walk in and said listen, on these assumptions, this is what we think. We just think that we'll have a better chance to refine those assumptions. I think, in general, the investment community will have a better chance to also be focused on 2013. I truthfully think that we're concerned that oftentimes we go out and, really, I say people, there hasn't really been a strong focus on 2014 at that point in time because there's very few companies that have gone out and really talked about it. And so I think we just feel that we're better equipped to give you guidance for Q1 in the fall, talk about maybe some of the things we’re seeing and the assumptions that we're beginning to focus on for 2013, and then come back and give you better -- we just think we can provide better information. We certainly know last year that was the case. And last year, things were a lot more stable than they are today. But clearly, those 3 months would have been significant for us in terms of understanding what environment we are in.
Stephen A. Roell: But, Ravi, I think the fact that all 5 segments were up in BE, we just explained to you, it really was broad-based.
Stephen A. Roell: No, that's not what's happening. And I think it's more a factor that the activity in retail, as I described, I think, is the bigger issue. The fact that they're just -- and we've talked that -- we've looked across 4 or 5 different aftermarket customers and it's the lack, of course, coming back. That's what's driving up the prices. We're not -- we haven't ramped up enough at this stage in our own internal smelting to really drive that up.
Stephen A. Roell: Pat, just let me comment on, not to what you just said, Bruce, but I do think that, that one thing that we've really done well in the last 6 month is get our hands around our launches, in terms of our launch teams. I mean, I think we've staffed them adequately, I think we've got tremendous oversight, and they aren't as complex. I mean to be honest with you, there were some extremely complex launches and product configurations. So I feel better about what we used to describe. But to your point, Pat, I would hope to see some prior -- some better and faster improvements in our ability to reduce our containment cost. Our quality is good, and we're getting high marks from our customers on our quality. It's just a function we've got to shed some costs, okay.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, that's fair. That's fair. And I think if you look at and part of the reason why -- we're not going to hit the 3%. Part of the reason why I think we're -- we are more cautious, and I went back and tried to -- maybe actually quantify this. If we look at some of the delta in Q4, I would attribute as much as $0.03 to $0.04 to our -- or just our thoughts regarding commercial claim resolutions to this timeframe. One of the earlier questions from, I think was from Brian, had to do with OE resistance. And I don't think it’s resistance as much as they're just slow walk-in claims and things of that nature. And in the past, we would have always had a very strong fourth quarter in terms of claim resolution. I think we've had it baked into our forecast, but that's not going to happen, I'm sure. It could happen, but we've assumed that it does not. And that's our biggest delta in terms of our margin assumptions for Q4.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, it could be -- and it could be less because we think this thing could -- this thing should start to improve by September. October, November, December, it's real obvious if it's going to, okay? And, in fact, to some extent, we're surprised we're still seeing it in July.
Stephen A. Roell: At this point in time, I can -- best guess I can give you at this point in time is that they're going to improve at least 100 basis points in the market in Q4.
Stephen A. Roell: I guess I would just make a statement in general though about Building Efficiency. There really were no unusual items this quarter. This was one of the cleanest quarters. The quality of that earnings is very, very strong.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, let me start, and then Bruce, you jump in, okay? I guess twofold. Let me explain volumes first. Whenever we've seen the type of January through March period where we had depressed volumes due to weather, typically, it has continued slightly depressed again in the quarter that we're in today and then up, and then it pops in the fourth quarter. That's going to be interesting to see if that happens. So -- but regardless, this is going to normalize. It always has. And so I hate to talk about weather extremes, but we do expect a very, very strong fiscal 2013, start in terms of volumes. That's number one. Number two, in margins, we've guided higher margins partially because of some things we've done. We've invested in vertical integration, and that's a big one for us. We also have, we believe, some improvements that we'll have from some cost that we incurred last year in China that will be year-over-year. So as we think of 2013, we expect the margins to improve in power, primarily because of higher volumes, better utilization, vertical integration and then avoidance of the Chinese year-over-year softness, okay, that we had and cost that we incurred last year.
Stephen A. Roell: Sure. Yes, just a couple quick ones here. I -- first of all, we apologize for the fourth quarter results that we're projecting here, okay? We, hope we have conservatism built into them but believe me, our people are -- have not given up. We will do everything we can to deliver results on the fourth quarter. We're focused on fiscal 2013 where we feel our fundaments are good. We're just trying to understand the macroenvironment that we're operating in. Don't read any more into the delay in the Analyst Day than the fact we want to provide you the best information we possibly can. We'll do what we can in the call at the end of Q4 to sort of tell you what we see in the environment, how we're thinking, and give you some of -- maybe some of the assumptions that we're thinking about on a preliminary basis. So we'll try to give you at least the stage setting for what we see, okay? So, again, thank you very much for the call and again, we feel very good about our long-term fundamentals, and we're just frustrated by the near-term as you are, and we apologize for that. Thank you.
R. Bruce McDonald: We're looking at offering buyouts to deferred vested but that's probably something that we're maybe a year away from.
R. Bruce McDonald: I mean, if you kind of look at the South America situation, I mean, it's, in many ways -- I mean, it's obviously, a lot smaller for us. I mean, just the size of South America piece within -- our business now is like 500 million to 600 million to on an annual basis. But if I look at kind of the market fundamentals, it's very tough. You've got -- markets have softened. Currencies have significantly weakened, and the auto industry there is often more susceptible to import components, imported components, which puts a lot of pressure. Labor inflation is extremely high and some of the government policies, particularly in Argentina is tough. And so I think as we are looking at what we can do to improve the situation down there, but we're in a pretty tough market right now, and that's not likely going to change in 2013. Now there are some things that we can do to improve our current position, but our outlook for 2013, is we will have a loss there. It will be smaller. We are going to take some actions, but we've got to ride that out.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I think, Ravi, if you look at the numbers right now between the contents board and the major banks, including your firm, I think what people have right now is GDP growth in North America next year of somewhere in the 1.5% to 2%. I think there's pretty tight cluster there. And those numbers are coming down. And on that basis, I think, we'd feel pretty good providing what we think is going to happen in our businesses. But if you then look at the -- between the sequestration-related spending cuts and the exploration of the Bush tax cuts, which are big items, and quantify those, those add up somewhere between 4%, 4.5% of GDP. So now that takes your 1.5%, to possibly minus 3%, and that's a very different economic picture here in North America. It’s unlikely we're going to know the answer to that between now and when our normal Analyst Day would have been, which is early October, but we just elected to push it back here a couple months.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I would say if you kind of look at residential and last year, we -- within our Building Efficiency numbers, we had a large -- we had a onetime benefit in residential. We had a onetime hit in our Latin America business that's largely offset. But if I strip that out, and what you would see in the residential is we did see a nice pop-up in profitability, but the fact that the mix moved to a lower margin product, our profitability was little changed from an ROS point of view. So that really didn't drive it. The big area for us was in service. North America service, we saw a nice improvement in our profitability there. Sort of think about last year, it was kind of cool, especially in the early start of the cooling season. Really saw the benefit in margins there, which was labor utilization and the pricing improvements that we saw that came with the -- our IT investments in that business. That was the sort of biggest driver.
R. Bruce McDonald: No, no, we expect to see a very strong Q4. We aren't making any -- we're sort of done from a discretionary pension point of view. So we won't have anything there. As I said in my comments, our capital expenditure is going to be in the sort of $300 million range. That's a big reduction versus the run rate that we've had for the last 3 quarters, and it's a big improvement versus what we had in the fourth quarter of last year. We do have some -- expect our working capital levels are going to improve by a couple of hundred million, and we have a few sort of smaller non-core assets and properties that we're selling. So we expect pretty strong improvement in the fourth quarter.
R. Bruce McDonald: I don't. Yes, I don't have that handy. I mean, we can follow up with you, Pat, on that. As Steve said, it wasn't a down. It wasn't a variance, okay, versus what we thought. I mean, we -- like I said at the last call, we have 3 or 4 problematic launches. Those are flowing through as we expected. They were in mainly in the Europe side of our business versus the North America. You kind of saw in our North America numbers, we were kind of depressed last quarter and the quarter before because launches there, those snapped back, profitably snapped back there nicely. But maybe one other comment I'd add on Europe that we haven't talked about is, not a big issue for us, but it's something that we are worried about is the sort of distresses that we see in our supply base. And we do have some headwinds associated with that, and that's the area that as things -- if things deteriorate more there, it's going to become a bigger and bigger headwind for the industry, not just Johnson Controls.
R. Bruce McDonald: So, Rich, one -- maybe just a little bit more there. Just -- I would just keep in mind, when we went into this year, what we talked about for building efficiencies about 50 basis points of margin expansion. And we -- if you look at where we were in Q1 and 2, we were sort of flattish or down slightly. And we talked about the fact that we are fronting some of our investments in like Panoptix and things like that. So we're pretty comfortable with our outlook here for the fourth quarter that will be -- will get that 50 basis points and maybe another 10 or 20. But the path for improvement for building efficiency because so many of our investments are in SG&A, that glide path, we're not backing away from. So we're not going to be up 120 basis points next year. It's going to be that 50 to 60 basis points. That's our trend line.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I know there isn't anything of a non-recurring nature there. I mean, I would -- it is a big improvement, but I would still temper that with the fact that if you look at the absolute margin level in GWS, it's still below where we'd like to see. So it's bounced back strongly, but it's still not in that -- in the sort of 2.5% to 3% range that we expect.
R. Bruce McDonald: I guess, we will see the negative headwind, but when you look at the year-over-year delta, so we do expect to see some margin expansion here in the fourth quarter in power. I wouldn't say that China would be a big part of that. But the biggest issue is going to be the pricing. We did announce pricing here in the current quarter that we're in, some of it went in, in May; some of it went in June. So if you just look at the benefit that we get -- in the fourth quarter where we’ll get and we have it implemented across-the-board. So we get the whole benefit here in the fourth quarter; that is going to enable us to offset some of the headwinds that you're referring to and we’ll get back to that path of margin expansion here in the fourth quarter.
R. Bruce McDonald: That South Carolina ramp up really starts -- is a Q4 issue, not a Q -- and so if you think about that, say, $40 million we talked about in lead in Q3. In Q4, we said $30 million to $40 million. You probably should think about 1/3 of that is going to be because we ramp up the new facility, and 2/3 of it will be the high cost of cores.
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, it's -- the recycling centers are -- roughly speaking, give us a benefit of about $50 million a year at current lead levels. So that's kind of the delta that we'll get from South Carolina.
