Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Thank you, Olivier, and good morning, everyone. Before I discuss our guidance on Slide 9, I want to say how excited I am for the opportunity to partner with George as we simplify and transform Johnson Controls into a comprehensive solution provider for commercial buildings. We exited our first quarter with a cyber-incident behind us and the momentum we lost at the start of the year has recovered. We entered the second quarter with a backlog that remains at historical levels, a healthy pipeline of opportunities, and strong momentum in our industry-leading service business. We are introducing second quarter sales guidance of approximately flat year-on-year, which assume continued weakness in China and global residential HVAC. We expect strong contribution from North America and EMEALA, led once again by our resilient service business.  As we return to seasonality more in line with historical patterns, global product has one more challenging quarter before stabilizing in the second half. For the second quarter, we expect segment EBITDA margin to be approximately 14.5%, and adjusted EPS to be in the range of $0.74 to $0.78. For the full year, we continue to expect the top-line growth of mid-single digit led by stronger performance in North America, further improvement in EMEALA, stabilization in global products, and a cautious outlook on China. We expect segment EBITDA margin to expand approximately 50 to 75 basis points for the full year, as price costs remain positive and mix continue to improve throughout the year.  As George mentioned earlier in the call, given the weakening macro outlook in China, we are updating our adjusted EPS guidance range to approximately $3.60 to $3.75. The overall guide assumes a return to normal seasonality, second-half stabilization of global products, and a conversion of higher margin backlog in Building Solutions. We continue to expect adjusted free cash flow conversion of approximately 85% for the full year. The improvement we saw in cash flow for the start of the year demonstrate that our working capital improvement are gaining momentum. With that, operator, please open up the lines for questions. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yeah, thanks, Steve. So first, I want to address the change in guidance, right. Since we issued our guidance in December, the impact of the economic environment in China on our business has deteriorated. And we have factored originally a fairly cautious outlook in China in the initial guide. However, that outlook has further worsened. We refocused the organization going through that tumultuous environment in China. We see a path of recovery to that volume and recovery of the backlog as well in the second half of the year, but it started to bottom out in Q2. We have more clarity on some of the actions we've taken around productivity and cost structure, and that support the recovery in that backlog. Now focusing on Q2 on the different business, if you look at our field-based business, Building Solutions, the cyber disruption is really behind us. And the loss momentum that we had in Q1 is now recovering and supporting the shorter-cycle businesses, particularly our service mix. If you look at North America and EMEALA, particularly, the margin we have put in the backlog over the last six months, but particularly during the first quarter, gives us confidence that we're going to be able to deliver on the margin rate for those businesses. There's a lot of benefit of cost actions we've taken early on in the year and later last year, but there's also more return to seasonality in our Global Products business as we see the volume providing marginally in those operations. If you combine all of that, I think we see with confidence that margin being attainable, Steve.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Joe, the difference is that the 9% is our fiscal 2022 sales in the prior year versus when we move forward, it's now our fiscal 2023, now that, that year is final. It's just a -- it's a math exercise.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Oh, great question. So right away, when I took the role last year, we started to work on implementing our enterprise field operating model. That's very similar to what we did in North America a few years ago. Johnson Controls operates in markets that are very sizable and complex, but that provides ample opportunity for us to grow. But when you face large market, it's important to remain focused and disciplined on the sub-segments of that markets that provide the right level of product capabilities, leverage our engineering talent, and our solutions. And we are looking for those sub-segments of the market that provide the most value for both our customers and the company. As we continue to simplify, standardize, and I would say rationalize that business, the operating model becomes easier to adopt in the field, in the regions, and the benefits of that model get amplified. We get a lot of leverage. And that's really what we've been focused on over the last six to eight months. There's still work to be done, but I see great improvement in our book margin. And as we start seeing the benefit of that model and the actions we've taken, so I'm very confident that EMEALA will return to a comparable profit level that the other field segment are seeing.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So thank you. So as you look at the breakdown between our Business Solutions segments and Global Products, we see a recovery in growth in Asia Pac in the second half of the year. So that will turn positive. And as we continue to see the other segment, BS&A in North America and EMEALA continuing to clog at mid-single digit, you can see the balance of those two offsetting and getting very strong single digits all the way to almost double-digit in the second half of the year. That support the growth you're seeing on the slide. When it comes to Global Products, we continue to see an improvement in orders. As we said, we believe that Q2 is really the bottoming out and the stabilization of that business, and we see quite good momentum in the recovery into Q3 and accelerating into Q4, supporting that number you see on the slide.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So starting on that last question on tax rate. Obviously, there are some headwinds there with the good changes in the rate. We are continually assessing it, and we'll continue to look at it. But you're right, there is a headwind longer-term on the rate. When it comes to factoring, we always look at different methods to finance the company. And as you said, when lead times got difficult, when inventory were a little bit more elevated than traditionally, factory became a logical avenue. We will continue to review the most economical ways to finance the company. We'll make sure that we take appropriate action against that program to align it with the financial commitment we've made to you, both in terms of profitability and free cash flow conversion.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. As part of that simplification of our business model, one benefit that comes in, we have more clarity on our cost accumulation and our ability to drive price, focusing the businesses, particularly of Business Solutions segments towards better vertical and better product lines and solution. We are able to drive more price to the market than we have been historically, chasing less the segments of the market where competitiveness but also value is hard to sell to the end customer. So as part of our Building Solutions operating system, you can see a great improvement, both on the price we can command in the market but also the price realization we see in our backlog and our executed margin. When it comes to Global Products, we've always tried to shy away from the more commoditized part of the market. For the parts where we actually have differentiated product, we see tremendous momentum both on pricing, but as well as the margin that comes on the back end of that particularly thinking about our Applied HVAC businesses that have been operating at very strong margin over the last few months and continue to see quite good momentum from a price cost standpoint.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: I don't believe we were that prescriptive, to be honest with you. It's really hard to measure with precision, how much was cyber versus the markets at the time. But I think if you look at the momentum we've built now in Q2, I would tell you, it's a few points of benefit that we are seeing.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. The disruption that came from the cyber incidents also slowed down the pace at which data flows through the organization. And as I mentioned in the opening remarks, we had factored a fairly cautious outlook on China. But our ability to really pin down exactly the impact, it was actually going to have in the current quarter and following quarter, as we all know about six weeks smarter and more educated about the challenges and that outlook has worked on further. We discussed it in a prior question, it's a combination of the market condition and us being more selective in the type of deal and the type of transaction we decide to pursue.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes, commenting on the three regions. So North America is our largest service business, and was also unfortunately the most impacted by the cyber disruption. So that's why you see a little bit of softness in Q1. It's a very transactional business, day-to-day business that has a lot of automation and reliance on our system to be able to order -- book orders and execute that revenue rapidly. The fundamentals of that business hasn't changed, and I think the recovery is coming in the balance of the year, and we are seeing now in the second quarter a really strong pickup in that business. If you look at EMEALA and Asia, touching on EMEALA first, those are mature businesses, but at a different part of the cycle when it comes to growth. There's enormous amount of opportunity in getting after our installed base and continuously maturing our business model similarly to what we've done in North America to really drive long-term double-digit growth in those service business. And in Asia Pacific, particularly in China, part of our refocus on the market is really focusing on those sub-segments of the market, where we see a strong long-term service profile for our business in order for us to really maximize the whole life cycle of those opportunities.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, so let me start, Scott, by just saying that, as you know we've been through a significant transformation here into becoming a comprehensive solutions provider for commercial buildings. And then as part of that, continuing to focus on how do we transform the business model and how we bring our differentiated solutions to our customers in the commercial space. And so, as you look at what we've been doing, we're well-positioned to invest and lead in the overall building solution space, capitalizing on significant secular trends, sustainable buildings, smart, healthy buildings. We've been allocating our resources and building out the capabilities. When you look at the content of how we differentiate the solutions, it's not only through the leadership of the product, the applied product and continued investment that we're making in product, but also now deploying those products with a leadership platform with Open Blue that we believe is going to now lead the industry. And that all is converting into how we change the outcomes for the customers that we serve. And that's through our engineered commercial solutions and converting what we do within building solutions to a digitally enabled service.  So when you look at the margin structure as we go forward, not only are we getting a more focused approach to the differentiation with the value proposition right from engineering through install to then ultimately getting the life cycle services. When you project the overall performance going forward, we believe that from a growth standpoint will be well above market, capitalizing on the secular trends with the differentiation. From a margin profile, we'll have a much higher recurring revenue within our services, demanding a much higher margin with the content of the software-enabled services. And then from an overall return, when you look at the conversion to cash we're getting now, for the value proposition we bring we're getting much more cash up front relative to that value proposition, and ultimately being able to deliver very strong free cash flow. So I would say well above market growth, continued expansion of margins to what we believe is kind of mid to higher teens and then very predictable cash flow with the mix of the content of what we do for our customers. 
George R. Oliver: No, let me reflect on the transformation that we've been going through. We've been continuously evaluating the portfolio, kind of where we are with the transformation of a comprehensive solutions provider in commercial buildings, and then making sure that our resources are being deployed to the highest priorities. When you look at the non-commercial product lines, they're excellent businesses, but they do not necessarily – are they consistent with the go-to-forward strategy over the longer term. And that's now why, as we are now pursuing the alternatives here, because these are good businesses, and there's an opportunity with these businesses now to be able to create even more value for our shareholders as we look at the alternatives. We're very excited about the future with the prospects that we have and the opportunities that we're driving towards. We believe that we're on the right path now to simplify the portfolio, continue to drive margin expansion, deliver much more consistent cash flow, while most important is really differentiating the value proposition that we can bring to our customers, which is going to be fundamental to the growth. 
George R. Oliver: So let me just comment on the quarter as far as momentum. We did have a significant disruption, as Marc said, for about six weeks of the first quarter, and part of that did have an impact on our momentum and our ability to be able to convert and the like. And so that's -- that was more of a short-term impact in Q1, in addition to the year-on-year adjustment that we've had in Global Products. As far as the timing, I'm sure you can appreciate, Steve, that the Board and the management team, we've had a very thoughtful approach to the strategy. We assess all avenues that will deliver value to our shareholders. Our strategy -- our transformation has been focused on really leveraging all of our combined strengths and our differentiated product, our digital platform.  And then from a go-to-market standpoint, the depth and expertise that we have from an engineering standpoint to ultimately be a comprehensive solutions provider and our ability to be able to take the value proposition and be able to convert that to recurring revenue through services. We're seeing that momentum, which is beginning to convert and as we look at the difference in the business models within the businesses when we talk about the noncommercial businesses, there is a different business model relative to how we serve the market. And I think this allows us to be able to position those businesses for continued growth, while we're creating value, while we're focused on really now accelerating the progress we've made within our Building Solutions business.
George R. Oliver: Yes, when you look at the overall revenues of these businesses, it would be less than 25% of the portfolio.
George R. Oliver: Sure. So if you look at Resi, Light Commercial and the businesses now are really back on track. I mean we've had a really nice quarter here picking up share, both in Resi as well as Light Commercial where all our productive business in North America was up double digit, which was supported with 40% growth in commercial, and with Resi being down about 7%. So the businesses now are performing -- positioning to perform going forward. On the [indiscernible] side, when you look at JCH, it's where we had strength in Japan, offsetting some of the weakness we saw in Europe and India.  So when you look at the go-to-market, I think it's important to understand that these noncommercial product lines are excellent businesses. But when you look at the go-to-market, they're not consistent with what we're doing as we build out our building solutions over the long-term, and so we believe that when you look at the value proposition that we bring with our customers, that -- although there's an overlap with some of the applied rooftops, that can be managed with the structure that we put into place going forward. And so I think when you look at the -- it does not erode any value proposition in our comprehensive commercial solutions, but also positions the business to be able to take an incredible asset and create more value through growth.
George R. Oliver: I think you'd appreciate, Nigel, at this stage, with the ongoing transformation, I would caution against making any assumptions at this stage and how we will affect it. I think the communication here today is that we're in -- we are pursuing strategic alternatives. So we're going to continue to simplify and standardize across the portfolio. But we're in the early stages. And at this stage, I'm not going to comment relative to any one of the potential assets that we would look to create value with.
George R. Oliver: Yes. As we look at -- I mean, we're, again, speculating on what would happen. I think as we look at what we do within our Comprehensive Commercial Solutions business, we have been doing bolt-ons. We'll continue to be able to do bolt-ons and supporting the technology and our go-to-market as we strengthen that across the globe. And our intent would be to make it accretive as far as whether it'd be through bolt-ons and/or deployment back to our shareholders to offset the dilution that any divestiture might have.
George R. Oliver: Yes, when you look at the business, whether it'd be at the product level or in the field, as far as the demand signals are coming through strong, we've gone through some adjustment relative to backlog as well as in the product business, the book-to-bill business. We see this really differentiating our overall commercial solutions and how we're utilizing these businesses and differentiating our solutions. On a go-forward basis, we have -- when you look at our pipeline of opportunities it is pretty robust, and we're working to continue now to execute that into backlog and ultimately, then the conversion revenues going forward. So I think it's more short term based on what we've seen here with some of the adjustments in the market, but we're confident that with the pipeline we have, we're going to be positioned to be able to continue to support the growth that we're committing to.
George R. Oliver: Yes. So as I said earlier, we've come through a very disruptive period, and there's been significant progress that has been made across these businesses, and these businesses are positioned to perform. And so as I said earlier, as you can appreciate, we're constantly reviewing the portfolio and understanding how we manage the assets to be able to deliver value for our shareholders. We've taken a very thoughtful approach to the strategy, and this has been continuous and making sure that we're assessing all avenues on how we ultimately deliver value to our shareholders. And so that's what's been playing out. I think tied to -- as we think about our acceleration of becoming the leading comprehensive commercial solutions provider within commercial buildings, this is part of that path forward. And in line with -- consistent with how we continue to update our shareholders, we'll continue to provide those updates as we continue to make progress with these potential divestitures.
George R. Oliver: I'll take that, Joe. Last year, when you look at where we were last year, we were working to recover our backlog from the second wave of COVID shutdowns in China. As the economic environment in China has slowed, we continue to make sure that we're streamlined with our organization and aligning our resources to the market to be able to maximize what we believe is our entitlement. And then make sure that we're executing with discipline to achieve what we see to be very strong life cycle value creation with our services. This is what we played out in North America and which has been very successful for us.  We do have a very healthy pipeline as we assess the market, which we are converting. We are anticipating a slower recovery of the backlog and ultimately, the projected revenue, which now has been pushed to the right. And so those are the factors really updating our guidance here, Joe, but I'm confident that we have incredible product for the market, making sure we have the right go-to-market structure and then ultimately, being able to execute on what we see still to be a very attractive market.
George R. Oliver: No, when you look at the mix within our ducted business, which is mainly what drives our Light Commercial, is we're up 40%. And like I said, in our ducted business, when you look at Resi being down slightly and then commercial being very strong, our whole duct business was up 10%. And so this has been the differentiated product that we've been bringing into the market, getting -- we've increased share, Joe, by -- it's been roughly about 300 basis points over the last year with the recovery of the commercial market, and we've invested in the capacity to be able to do so. So as far as that is the core of our Light Commercial business, and we've been performing extremely well.
George R. Oliver: Yes. So as we talked about, we did lose some momentum because of the cyber incident. And so when you look at the sales conversion cycle, it did lengthen in the first quarter by about a week, a little bit better than a week. And so when you look at our pipeline, it continues to expand and does support the acceleration of orders in Q2 and through the remainder of the year, in line with what we were projecting prior to having the impact that we had. So we're very confident that with the pipeline, with the generation -- pipeline generation and then our ability to be able to convert with the cycle times we convert with, we're back to where we were. And then that also being combined with our success in services and being able to continue to build strong pipelines for services, convert to PSAs, building backlog, and then ultimately, supporting our ability to get services, deliver high single-digit services for the year.
George R. Oliver: No. As we've said previously, we've continued to lead pricing, making sure that with all of the reinvestments that have been made to support these regulatory changes, that we're positioned to be able to get the proper price and that continues. And so in spite of us being maybe not one of the top players, we've been very disciplined relative to how we're creating the value proposition and ultimately, how we're pricing in the market.
George R. Oliver: When you look at our -- the global products and more of the transactional businesses book-to-bill, we went through a significant inventory adjustment last year in the channel. When you look at our order rates now coming in and now what we're projecting in revenue, we're seeing that positive across the board. Again, in the duct business, Resi still is down -- still down about 20%, with price, we're down single digits. That will continue to improve as we go through the year. But beyond that, across the board, we're seeing very strong orders in line with what we're projecting for revenue as we go forward.
George R. Oliver: Yes, so let me reflect on that. I mean we've been through a major transformation, taking a set of businesses that were a lot of a lot of variation in the fundamentals within the operating system. We now have standardized that across the board. That has allowed us to become much more efficient, reducing layers and ultimately, the cost that is required to support the business. As we continue now, so it's a twofold not only standardizing the processes but then with automation and IT supporting those processes with good data, that is all accelerated within the company, which has allowed us to be able to now capitalize on more simplification. That's one element. And then from a selling standpoint, as we then standardize our operating system around commercial, we've also been able to align our commercial resources in line with the market with the segmentation that we're driving to be able to drive our growth, and we're seeing a significant pickup there also. So it's really across the board on all of our cost elements in line with being much more simple, much more standard, and more agile in how we now pursue growth.
George R. Oliver: Yes. Not at all, Deane. I mean we've been working on our free cash flow and the fundamentals of that across both the building solutions to be able to get more billing upfront and more in line with revenue, and then in our Global Products business have significantly improved, not only the inventory, but also our ability to be able to collect. So as far as the commitment to our free cash flow target, we're going to be well positioned to be able to deliver on that target.
George R. Oliver: Yes, just to wrap up, as we've discussed here today, we've been on a transformation journey for a number of years and have made incredible progress and have had many successes. While we're building strong fundamentals, we're also better leveraging our people and portfolio and ultimately, serving our customers in a better way. We're very confident we've built a very robust operating system across the portfolio and are going to be well positioned to deliver for our shareholders. And I do look forward to updating all of you as we continue to make progress. So with that, operator, that concludes our call.
