Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls first quarter fiscal 2018 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver and our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of today’s call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review today’s press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we have included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins exclude restructuring and integration costs as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls ordinary shareholders was $0.25 for the quarter and included a net charge of $0.29 related to special items. These special items primarily relate to restructuring and impairment cost as well as the net impact from U.S. tax reform partially offset by the gain on sale from the Scott Safety divestiture which closed early in the quarter. Adjusting for these special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.54 compared to $0.53 in the prior year quarter. Now, let me turn the call over to George.
Antonella Franzen: So let me take that one. In terms of the orders one of the things that we decided to do just to make sure that everybody is clear is when we are looking at forecasting our revenue going forward the orders are now focused on the field side of the business, because keep in mind that on the products side it tends to be more of a book and ship type business. There might be a little bit of variability from quarter-to-quarter and you may recall last quarter actually orders were a little higher than the revenue growth. And this quarter I would say that the orders were a little lower than the revenue growth, but think of products as more of a book and ship type business.
Antonella Franzen: And the only thing I would to that in terms of price cost I know there is a lot of focus on that. We had about $0.03 in the first quarter that’s expected to moderate maybe $0.02 in the second quarter. And keep in mind as we get into the second half of the year it will actually be a benefit for us. So particularly as you think about first half, second half that is another thing that flows into the second half of the year as the benefit.
George Oliver: Thanks Brian. Before we open up the lines for questions, I wanted to reiterate that fiscal 2018 will be a year of change. We are intensely focused on driving execution to deliver our adjusted EPS in the range of $2.75 to $2.85, which represents a 6% to 10% increase in earnings per share versus fiscal year 2017. As I mentioned on our last call consistent with prior years, we expect our earnings per share to be stronger in the second half of the year due to the normal seasonality of our businesses, the pace and timing of investment as well as price cost and gross margin headwinds, all of which are heavier in the first half. Based on our current outlook, we would expect EPS to be weighted roughly 38% in the first half and 52% in the second half compared to our normal 40-60 split. As I think about the second half ramp, we are going to focus on controlling what we can control. Although I feel good about the underlying momentum we are seeing in the top line, organic growth begins to decelerate, you should expect that we will dial back the pace of investments. Cost synergies are on track and it will give us about $0.03 more earnings in the back half than in the first half. Price cost headwinds should begin to flatten out as some of our more recent price increases begin to take effect. We feel good about our price realization so far, but obviously Asia and China specifically are still tough. And we are taking additional productivity actions to help offset some of the areas we are seeing pressure. Our guide assumes price gets better, so that is one area we will have to watch. I am encouraged by the margin improvement we are seeing in backlog, the traction we are seeing on sales capacity and by the acceleration we are seeing in higher margin service and product sales. Ultimately, we are committed to delivering on profitability as we continue to manage our way through the integration and focus on reinvesting for growth. We have made the structural changes necessary to help ensure that the focus on execution is felt deep into the organization. With that, let me turn it over to our operator to open the line for questions.
George Oliver: Sure. Let me start Deane by saying that when I took over I setup a sales leadership team that I ultimately cheer. And we have been meeting monthly making sure that we are executing on the commitments we have made to not only put the capacity in place from a sales force point standpoint, but to be able to execute on improved margins and ultimately deliver on the organic growth. We are making a tremendous amount of progress with this team and so not only have we been able to add 180 heads in the quarter that was in addition to the 50 that we added in the fourth quarter. But strategically now as we are now segmenting our markets, understanding how we are deploying that capacity to be able to go after where growth is occurring and making sure that from a pricing standpoint we are staying disciplined with the projects that we are taking on. And so that said, we have seen significant improvement not only in the pipeline generation, but how that’s converting to orders and then how that’s going now set us up to accelerate organic growth through the remainder of the year. When you look at the book margins in the quarter, we booked margins, so the margin in backlog now is up 30 basis points. And so you can imagine, we booked margins much better than that in the quarter that brought the average up about 30 basis points. So I am feeling really good working with the sales team and how we are going about deploying the resource that we are putting into place, the productivity we are getting from those resources, the book margins that we are securing, the service growth that we are accelerating and that all will then translate into not only improved growth in the second half, but also from a margin perspective much higher margins.
George Oliver: So Deane, the project selectivity is making sure that from a resource standpoint as we are understanding the markets and the opportunities that we have in the markets that we are deploying our resources where we can accelerate and we can ultimately get the returns for the resource that we are putting into these projects and that we are beginning to execute. So certainly from a discipline standpoint, we have implemented the discipline to make sure that as we are planning these projects, we are planning them in a way that positions us to be able to get the appropriate returns. And so whether it would be project selectivity or just pure discipline and how we deploy our resources and setting expectations for the type of margins that we expect by executing on these projects that’s ultimately what we are doing.
George Oliver: I would reinforce what you said Deane. Our security business is executing extremely well in North America. We are continuing to grow. We are continuing to execute on the margins and ultimately delivering on performance. And so as you said, the non-compete went away back in 2014. Certainly, we respect our competitors, but as what we are seeing now, we are continuing to execute on our business, continuing to grow and continuing to maintain and grow the margins.
George Oliver: Yes, absolutely Jeff. In the first quarter, when we look at – let me just go back and reframe what the problem was when we gave guidance back in November. We had when we looked at our North America backlog we have 75 basis points of pressure in about a $5 billion business. And so we had projected that there was going to be roughly about $40 million of pressure that was going to play out through the course of the year and we are going to have to offset that with productivity and other initiatives so that we would be positioned to deliver on the commitments we made. So, we have seen about $16 million of that pressure in the first quarter. And so the remainder of that will play out a little bit less in the second quarter and then less in the third and fourth quarter. And I would tell you with what we have been booking, we had an improvement of about 70 basis points, maybe a little bit better in the quarter. And so the work – the projects that are going into backlog as we project how they will play out the remainder of the year and beyond we will start to see improved gross margins. And so I am projecting here in the second quarter, our margins will be relatively flat in buildings with the work that we have done realizing that in addition to the backlog that’s converting with the pressure, we also have price cost that we have experienced here in the first quarter, little bit more in the second quarter – little bit less in the second quarter and then we start to see it turned positive in the second half. So, the combined – those combined topics as we are now executing we are now seeing the margins flat and then you will start to see them improve in the second half.
George Oliver: Yes, what I would say Jeff, it varies depending on what business you are in and whether it be large installed project type business or whether it be service – transactional service business, but you could say that when we estimated the year, we said we are going to have about $15 million to $20 million of potential pressure for what I would say while we are adding the sales capacity, we would have less productivity per head with that new capacity. What I would tell you is that the way we are bringing them on board, we have been very process driven in training, getting them educated and trained so that they can hit the ground running. So, there is still going to be that pressure, but I have confidence with the folks that we have brought on here not only in the fourth quarter, first quarter, we are making really good progress in how we are deploying that capacity and making them productive through the course of the year. So, you can average it probably takes around 6 months – 3 to 6 months depending on the type of business, but I am encouraged – I am extremely encouraged by the progress we are making and what we can expect here going forward.
George Oliver: Steve, I will take the first part of the question and then I will turn it over to Brian on the cash management office. Relative to the incentives as we went through the succession with myself becoming Chairman and CEO, certainly there was a lot of focus on incentive compensation here, our executive compensation within the company. And as we are putting the plan together for 2018 that was certainly something was front and center with our – with our Board. And so we work through that very quickly, so that when we launched our incentives with our executive team and then had similar components that are embedded in the executive leadership incentive that now are pushed out into sales incentives and operational incentives, that all was done at the beginning of the year. So we wanted to be positioned, so we could hit the ground running. The right metrics were in place, the right incentives were in place, so that we could make sure that we execute on the commitments we made for the year. Now Brian, you might want to talk a little bit more about the cash management office.
George Oliver: Yes. So let me – starting with the AGM, like we said we are up about 20% year-on-year and that’s really of a function of very strong penetration in Europe and that continues. And we have – we are kind of in line with the market. We are picking up a little bit of share. And then if you look at where the investments are being made it’s mainly in China as well as North America. So we are executing well on putting that investment in place and that’s what’s contributing to the very strong growth that we are getting in China being up, I think it’s up over about 50 – China was up almost 50% or there abouts and continue to see good progress in North America. And so that is going to be when you look at the mix that’s going to be extremely important for us to continue to execute on those investments and in the volumes from those investments.
George Oliver: So Steve, I have been spending a lot of time in the field here over the last couple months and this is been front and center with many of our discussions and I would tell you is probably the range varies depending on market Brian talked about China being a little bit more difficult right now with some of the pricing but on average what I would say is, low to mid probably low to mid-single-digit still getting traction which is certainly part of our ability to be able to now normally improve the projects that we are putting in place and then ultimately however expanding on margin improvement of those projects.
George Oliver: What I would say is we have had strength is very broad based. And so as Brian mentioned in his prepared remarks we are seeing it across all of the platforms. So we break it down into HVAC equipment, we break into building manager, which is all of our electronic equipment and we break it into specialty, which is the for a suppression business. And when you look at across the board, it’s broad base, anywhere it’s all kind of around 6% about 5% to 6%, 7% across the board. And so what’s happening here is you have to two – there is two key elements, where we have been investing heavily over the last 3 years. We have actually increased our technology new product developments. If you look at our run rate of investments they are up about $165 million on a run rate over the last 3 years. We are now seeing the products from those investments coming to the market. And so we are positioned to be able to gain share and continue to accelerate our positioning. And that in addition to some of the market recovery and so as we see the Middle East with oil and gas beginning to recover, we see industrial refrigeration we are up very strong double digit 20 plus percent in our industrial refrigeration business with orders and backlog extremely strong. And so what we have seen here is not only a significant recovery of fire and security products, but very broad based execution across every one of our platforms.
George Oliver: Yes. Overall when you look at the total, when you look at the total company we were down about 60 basis points in the first quarter and about 30 basis points of that was the divestiture of Scott Safety. Now if you break it down into the two segments, buildings it was right in line with the lower margin on backlog conversion, again we are down about 60 basis – it was about 60 basis points, 40 basis points of which was driven by the Scott Safety divestiture. And then with the additional price cost that we talked about in the quarter and then the acceleration of our sales force, the investments in sales force and the continued product investments is what ultimately contributed to that. So we got strong productivity and integration savings, plus the volume was a little more than offset from the price cost and the additional sales investments and continued product investments. So that’s the building side. On power – the power margins right off the top you got 150 basis points from the impact of FX and lead. And so then when you look at the remaining 100 basis points, we got the volume leverage and mix on productivity was more than offset with the product investments – continued product investments as well as the increased transportation costs that Brian talked about, that post hurricane as well as with the overall pickup in the economy you can imagine transporting lead acid batteries, there is a cost of that. And as we are going through into our ramp up in the first quarter getting ready for the selling season certainly had higher demand. And so with that capacity is what created some of the increased cost that we saw in quarter.
George Oliver: And the second part as far as this price cost, we are monitoring all of our commodities and projecting what that – what each one of them will do and as we look at the mix of our commodities with the overall cost of goods that we have we are making sure that our pricing actions are not only in line, but ahead of that to make sure that if there are any additional pressures going forward we are going to be able to abate the overall margin pressure from that.
George Oliver: So as we laid out the year and certainly this has been one of the headwinds we have been extremely focused on. We have started off knowing that the first quarter was going to be the most difficult which it was $34 million, mainly in global products and as well as some of the pricing in China that we talked about. But for most of the price increase going to affect this quarter and as we have started the second half we believe it will mitigate a lot of the pressure we had in the first quarter and the second not fully, so it will improve first quarter to second quarter. With the idea with all of the actions in place, we then in the second half we turned positive in price cost with the actions that are being taken. And so that’s we are watching this very closely. We are making sure that we are staying disciplined in the market and that we are ultimately yielding what we need to yield to be positioned to be able to deliver on the commitments we made here through the year.
George Oliver: Yes. So our projects you can look at projects we turn – some of the quick term projects can be a few months. And then some large projects can go multi years, the average being somewhere 6 to 9, but probably 6 months to 12 months depending on whether it’s fire security or HVAC. And so we knew the turn that we saw coming through in the first quarter that that was going to be the toughest. And as we said in North America, at the start of the year, we have 75 basis points of pressure that on a $5 billion plus backlog goes roughly about $40 million. About 40% of that turned in the first quarter. So, it was about $16 million. As far as we now project what’s in backlog and how it’s going to turn, that will be reduced in the second quarter and then minimal impact in the third and fourth quarter based on what’s being put into the backlog. Just another note on that would just be to say that in line with the compensation discussion, a big change has been making sure that not only from a sales standpoint, but from an overall comp standpoint margins is part of the compensation now for our sales team and for our operating teams in the field.
George Oliver: Alright. Thanks, again for joining our call this morning. As I hope you took away from our call today, we are building momentum and expect a very strong second half. So, I look forward to seeing many of you soon. Operator, that concludes our call.
Brian Stief: Yes, Jeff, this quarter $100 million that we did in the month of October and the thought is roughly $50 million a quarter for the remainder of the year, which is essentially offsetting option dilution. So, I don’t think at this point in time we are looking at any incremental share repurchase above and beyond that.
Brian Stief: Yes. And we set up during the quarter that the cash management office, which is really a combination of roughly 8 to 10 people internally and then we have got an outside advisor that’s working with us on this effort. I would just comment that we took one of our top finance people, the CFO of our buildings business and have put him in charge of the cash management office, which is I think reflective of the importance that we are placing on making sure that we deliver on the free cash flow conversion commitments we have got. As far as Q1 and why Q1 tends to be a bit of a cash outflow quarter for us I think I would focus on a couple of things. First of all, as it relates to the fourth quarter, there is a huge push in Q4 and that tends to be our best cash flow quarter. And so there is a little bit of I would say pull forward maybe in Q4 from Q1. Secondly, I would say our lowest income quarter tends to generally be the first or second quarter as well. And then there is some timing of working capital that I put in the equation as well and then we do pay our bonuses out and the first quarter of each year as well. So those are probably some of the items that really drive some of the timing Steve. But I think it tends to be an outflow in Q1 and inflow in Q2 and then Q3 and Q4 tend to be our strongest quarters.
Brian Stief: Yes. And as far as the tax rate impact I mean clearly to the extent that any business that we would decide to divest of from a non-core standpoint to the extent of the head U.S. operations of significance, those tax rate reductions certainly would play into that.
Brian Stief: It’s the adjusted free cash flow conversion is at 80% plus as we have talked about previously then there is no adjustments above and beyond that we have communicated already that are necessary really for us to talk about here. So the 80% plus is our target.
Brian Stief: CapEx $1.3 for the year, there is a little timing in the quarter, but still $1.3 for the year Steve.
Brian Stief: Yes. So, in North America, where we have had a GAAP with our capacity has been fire. And so as we talked about last year having some shortfall of putting the sales capacity in place, a lot of that was in the fire space. That has become a roll forward and why we are seeing. It’s really just a temporary decline within that business. We have been adding capacity both in sales as well as technicians, because the market is very attractive and we are making progress. And so it’s more – I would say, it’s more of a temporary situation because of the way that we are short on how we are staffing the fire business, but that’s going to – that will continue to improve now with the work that we have done in the capacity that we are putting in place. The part of the security business I think overall was modest, I mean, year-on-year they a good year first quarter last year and corrupt the low single-digits.
Brian Stief: Yes. So, if you look at our price cost pressure, we are in the first quarter, it was about $34 million and a lot of that certainly in HVAC. I am as we put our price increases it’s our beginning of our second quarter, so the beginning of the calendar year. And I know there is a range from 5% to 7% type price increases that are being put into place. I think that that compares similarly with our competitors. Certainly, we are going to be very disciplined with how we execute on these price increases given the pressure that we have had here in the first quarter. Some of the actions have already taken place and so the price pressure, price cost will be better in the second quarter and then as we get into the third and fourth, we believe that we have a positive price cost. And so right now, it’s really all about executing and staying disciplined with all those price increases are going into place, because we are seeing on the opposite side, we are seeing the commodity headwind and is coming through.
Brian Stief: So I think when you look at the power margins, as George said there is 100 basis points in the first quarter that transportation and logistics will probably continue with us into the second quarter. And I would think in terms of half what we saw in the first quarter. And then I think as we move throughout the year through either cost actions we are going to take or pricing actions we are going to take in the back half of the year, we will make effort to cover that. But there still will be some going into Q2.
