Glen Ponczak: Good morning, everybody, and thank you for joining us. I am here today with Steve Roell, who is our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, as you know, who will be providing an overview of our markets and a little bit about the quarter; Bruce McDonald, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will go in more detail in business results and to perform a financial review. And then that would be followed by some questions and answers concluding right around noon, if it goes that long. And before we start, I'd like to remind you of our forward-looking statement. Johnson Controls had made forward-looking statements in this presentation pertaining to its financial results for fiscal 2010 and beyond that are based on preliminary data, and are subject to risks and uncertainties. All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that are or could be deemed forward-looking statements and include terms such as outlook, expectations, estimates or forecasts. For those statements, the company cautions that numerous important factors, such as automotive vehicle production levels, mix and schedules, energy prices, the strength of the U.S. or other economies, currency exchange rates, cancellation of/or changes to commercial contracts, changes in the levels or timing of investments in commercial buildings, the  ability to execute on restructuring actions according to anticipated timelines and costs, as well as other factors discussed in Item 1A of Part 1 of the company's most recent Form 10-K filing, could affect the company's actual results and could cause its actual consolidated results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statement made by or on behalf of the company. And with that, I'll turn it over to Steve.
Glen Ponczak: It's Glen here. I think that our relationship with Ford is for the plug-in that's launching in 2012. And we also do have an electric vehicle with the Ford Transit Connect launches here soon. But I think when you look at what the OEs are doing in general and not just Ford, but in general, that I think you'll see them still in a phase here where they're trying to test various technologies and test different suppliers. And they're often using it, seems EVs, pure electric vehicles, which have smaller volume, as sort of a, less risky way of, sort of, getting a different taste for different things. So I wouldn't classify the announcement regarding LG as sort of change in [indiscernible]. They're trying different things and that's probably going to continue for quite some time.
Glen Ponczak: Thanks, Keith. We're going to have to cut it off here because we're at the end of our time. I'd just like to turn it over to Steve for some concluding comments.
R. McDonald: We're actually just doing some moving around of some administrative facilities, and it was charge to write down the value of an office building.
R. McDonald: Well, yes. I think, one of the things that's obviously, tough to forecast is the timing of some customer recoveries in engineering. And right now, we're going through a period where we're trying to read -- we're investing incremental dollars in our engineering expenditures to try and build up our backlog. We've been very successful. And I think in the previous call, we've talked about the fact that our current backlog is looking significantly higher than the one that we talked about last year. But we are dedicating more engineering resources to bring in incremental work.
R. McDonald: Well, again, like I sort of rattled off a few things in terms of engineering recoveries, the customer settlement, those types of things are hard to forecast, so I wouldn't necessarily say those are indicative of a trend. Things like the Mexico work stoppage, moving some of our back office stuff to Eastern Europe and the integration of the Visteon plants are things that are, I would say, behind us.
R. McDonald: It's really driven by -- in terms of our ability to forecast the short term, it's the flow of the work that we have in our backlog, so we have pretty good visibility for that. I think we're very confident in terms of Q4 that we're going to see double digit. On a constant-currency basis here, we're going to see double digit both growth in income top line and bottom line growth.
R. McDonald: But on a constant lead basis here, John, what we've said is that when the two smelters come online here, that's worth about 200 to 250 basis points of margin expansion.
R. McDonald: We're just trying to use some of our cash to address what our shortfall was. So if you go back and look at last year's K, globally, our pensions are underfunded, about $1.1 billion, about $600 million of that is in the U.S. And what we've decided to do here is given our -- we've got a good strong cash flows and our balance sheet's significantly under leveraged. We're using some of that money to build that shortfall.
R. McDonald: Colin, it's Bruce here. I think when we originally sized up the opportunity here, we said that the amount of -- our fair share was maybe $3 billion. That was, kind of, the number that we talked about. And we said that we felt that was something that we could maybe go after over the next two, two and a half years. And as we look at the, sort of, bucket of that, we're feeling pretty good in terms of the amount of suspending that's happening at the government level, but a big chunk was due to the educational market, and that's where we've really seeing slow slugging, I think. I mean, that's, kind of, the best way to look at it is, so far, as I've said, we've booked about $430 million of orders. Under that program, we originally sized the opportunity at $3 billion. For sure, it'd be fair to say, it's come in lower and slower than we had originally thought. But I guess, you said, we don't really have a current view as to how big the $3 billion is. I guess we're still hopeful that we'll start to see some flow in the educational side. But what gets difficult for us is while on the ARRA side, education is flowing slow, as Steve indicated before, the education market, in the earlier part of the year was strong, and now it's turned weak again. It's a tough market to get a read on.
R. McDonald: It had to do with some launch and cost in one of our North American Automotive joint venture. So what that means is our consolidated joint venture made less money, right? So you can say we benefited from that, if you just look at that line. But overall, we lost because we have a bigger negative up above in the segment income. But it wasn't -- there are some quarterly issues, they're non-recurring.
R. McDonald: I think what we're trying to do here is get away from -- I think we're going to be transparent in terms of when we have these types of costs. But we want to get away from pulling out of all these things and saying, "Look, this is just for this and just for that." Here's, kind of, what the underlying numbers are. We're going to be transparent [ph] when we have them, both good and bad, but we want to, sort of, steer away from a lot of non-GAAP adjustments.
R. McDonald: We're seeing good demand in the rest of the world and certainly, recovery, Rich. I think I would also tell you though that I haven't looked at all the numbers from UT and I certainly haven't had the chance to look at trains' numbers yet this morning or Ingersoll Rand's. I would tell you that the equipment market recovers faster than others. The controls in the big projects are ones that have probably lagged and they probably hold up better because they're in the pipeline for a long time. But it's difficult for me to comment on HVAC and other parts of the competitors' data at this point in time. I don't have the data that I need to be able to answer your question, number one, but number two, I think we also have to look at what happened a year ago in terms of year-over-year comparisons.
R. McDonald: Yes, we finished the implementation. So it's been a, sort of, headwind for us for the first three quarters of this year is now behind us. So we'll see in Q4, a big pickup in our service margins because we don't have the cost, and the benefits are accelerating from making those investments.
R. McDonald: Well, let me start with -- on the sales side, so about 1/3 of the sales growth, Q2 to Q3 is due to us bringing on the Visteon plants that we acquired. And that was -- I'm not going to comment on the numbers, but that was at a negative, okay? And then if you just look at engineering, customer recoveries, the cost of moving some of our back office next year to Europe, the work stoppages etc., it's north of $20 million.
R. McDonald: I'll take the third part of that question, so we can formulate our answer on the other two. The cost of that investment, Steve talked about, the NexGen, so it's sort of automating the service tech work and provides us with root planning, better pricing information, things like that. In the quarter, the cost was $15 million, on a year-to-date basis, we probably spent close to $50 million on it. And licensing [ph] before that's done. I'm not going to get into what the benefits are exactly, but I mean, it's an attractive investment for us, and we expect it to be additive to our margins. It proves the productivity of our field personnel and it also helps us get -- a big driver of it is helping us get more accurate and shorter invoicing times. So a big part of the benefit is going to come from the working capital side.
R. McDonald: But I think it's clear to say, we expect -- if you go into 2011, Europe is our big driver of where our business is going to gain momentum here in Automotive. We've had a lot of launches, a lot of engineerings. Some of the difficult headwinds that we talked about, like the stress suppliers and things like that. It turned out, we have a few plants that we were not pleased with the performance that are getting better. So year-over-year, when we talk about our Auto business side in 2011, you're going to see continued strong growth in Asia, and you're going to see a big turnaround or a continuation of turnaround, I guess, in Europe. In North America, we actually -- if you go into next year, we actually -- when we talked about the fact last year that our backlog was flat from North America, in '11, it's actually down. It's a negative number. In '12, it's a positive because we have some programs with Chrysler that roll off next year. So you'll see a flattish outlook in terms of profitability, but down in sales.
R. McDonald: That's a tough one. Earlier this week, I was feeling better about the trend getting lower and now it spiked right back up the last few days. I think it's clear that we're going to see an uptick in 2011, but I guess I would remind everybody, this is an area where we have been laser-focused on the fact that we wanted to derisk our Auto business. And we feel very confident that in the face of rising commodity costs, that we've got a good portion of our business. We've talked about 90% of our global revenue where we've got indexing, full or partial in place with our customers. We do expect to see a pickup next year. It's tough to say how much, but I'd say, we're very confident in our ability that we're going to be able to recover a big chunk of that from our customers.
R. McDonald: I think on the deferral -- there's two different things. On the deferral of discretionary work, yes, we're continuing to see that. And I think until we see confidence, business confidence improve, we're going to be living with that. The late start in the summer cooling season, really affects our truck-based service where people turn on their air conditioner, it doesn't work. We acknowledged it's been hot in June and July, while we're here, we're talking about the unseasonably cool weather that we had in April and in the early part of May.
R. McDonald: Well, that number is engineering and launch costs, that's a global number. I don't have the Europe on hand here.
Stephen Roell: I guess, there were two really. One had to with a facility in Pueblo (sic) [Puebla], and that was a labor issue, which has been resolved. The second one, I think, has to do with some of the weather issues that we incurred on the Monterrey area, it's where the Hurricane Alice went through. We lost some production there. But those are the only two, and we don't expect those again obviously, to repeat.
Stephen Roell: Ravi, this is Steve. Just a comment, I think that it gets very difficult at this time of the year to do sequential quarter-over-quarter in Automotive, in particular. We have shutdown periods that we experienced in July and August. And I know it's hard to do comparisons against the prior year because the production levels were so much lower. But what you should expect from us in year-over-year comparisons are the conversion rates that we've talked about and the ability to bring as 15% up to as much as a 20% conversion on the sales dollars that we get. That's probably the most significant thing I would tell you. I don't think we'll see the higher engineering costs -- and Bruce talked about the recoveries. We had a tough comparison against the prior year in this quarter. That's the way I would describe that. So I don't expect to see that issue. And launch costs are there, but that's just a part of the fact we got a growing backlog, and we have launch costs.
Stephen Roell: John, just so you understand, it's not so much that recycling that's causing that variation. What's causing that variation is the volatility of lead pricing, and the fact that, as lead goes up or down, it hits our top line. But we've said that with our hedging strategies and our recycling, we're able to minimize that, and therefore, profitability, it doesn't really have that same volatile nature to it, okay? It's really that factor that caused that volatility between 12% and 17%.
Stephen Roell: That's tough because you have to make an assumption regarding lead. I think the important thing is -- but I understand your point. I think if you could just take our earnings this year, and just say, for the segment and use that 250, you're okay.
Stephen Roell: Yes, there are. If I were to look at the government sectors, an example right now, you would find something north of 25%. And that's not just federal, that's state and local as well. You'd see double digit if Healthcare, and you would see double digit in Energy Solutions. The weakness in Education is about 7% down year-over-year, and it's a combination of both higher ed and K-12.
Stephen Roell: Let me try to sort out what I just heard here. I guess I would tell you that if you read the information from Global Insight and Words [ph], you'd get -- concerned about just the new construction environment. But if you look at what we see in terms of the opportunities at energy, GWS, what we can do in some of the existing retrofit areas, that's why we're confident to add work force. So while we've taken near-term guidance down, I guess, I would say that we're feeling more and more bullish about the outlook for the next 2, 3 years, and that's why we're so committed in adding to our sales force in all the areas. We think we need to build up capability, not contract, particularly around the Energy Services area. That's where we're adding [indiscernible] retrofit, that's why we did the lighting acquisition. That's why we'll continue to look for solutions salesman that can do that. I'm not sure I'm getting your point, but we're pretty bullish about what we think the future is. Just the near term, people are still being cautious. Small business still is not investing. They're not able to access funding. And so it's a little -- there are bumps on the road here. But we think over the long term, that the energy efficiency side of it, the equation of saving money is going to win, and we feel good about that.
Stephen Roell: Chris, I'd also tell you that we probably have made; a conscious decision to make accelerate investments in our sales force from what we had. We go through our strategic planning with our organizations in the April through July timeframe. And as we went through that, we gained more confidence, and as we've gone through and developed our profit plans for '11, we've decided to go ahead and accelerate some of those investments.
Stephen Roell: We are looking at all three business lines. Again, as I've indicated in the past, I think the majority of our CapEx will be targeted at our Power Solutions business in the near term because of the vertical integration that we're doing and the expansion in China. And on the M&A side, it is all three businesses, but there's nothing we could describe. We're not far enough along in any deal discussion to really describe anything to you at this stage.
Stephen Roell: If I can just make a comment, I think it's the education, which is were -- if you recall, we had the opportunity that we targeted was identified. And up to this call, I've identified the fact that we weren't seeing the education orders or business flow through the ARRA program, but we were seeing good demand otherwise. So just to give you a sense for it, even though our orders were down this quarter, year-to-date, we're up 5% and 10% year-to-date after nine months on education, and our pipelines are still good. So I think that two things have happened: One is that school boards have made the decision to find other traditional ways to finance some of the work that we would thought would go through ARRA. And I think that arguably some of the ARRA money has been basically devoted to operating budgets, just to meet and retain future. So it's a combination of both.
Stephen Roell: As I said, which in our numbers, the North America, our orders were up 15% in the quarter. In Europe, they were down 14% and in the rest of the world, they're up 17%. If you, sort of, average that out, that's the plus 9% that we've talked about here. I think from the headlines that I've seen, I think those numbers stack up pretty well.
Stephen Roell: The problem that we've got, Richard, is twofold. One is our volume's helped by the amount of work we do in the Solutions area. And the competitors that you're looking at -- some of their numbers include everything they do from refrigeration on and off, and so it's really hard.
Stephen Roell: Let me try to get the other two. I guess the only thing I would tell you in addition to what Bruce describes in NexGen, the other thing we're doing in terms of sales force is try and ensure that we have double-digit growth in our Service and Solutions business. And that's really what we're doing there. So it's going to be more of a top line, help driving us in that regard in areas where I think we have very lucrative margins. In terms of your question about ARRA, just to give you some sense for it, if you recall, Rod, we were surprised. Last quarter, we told you we booked more in that quarter that we had in the previous year and a half. And in this year, in this quarter, we booked 50% more than the last quarter. So I would tell you, we're surprised by to some extent by what we're seeing here. And the sense that it's come back. We thought it wasn't going to be there at all, so we've been surprised a little bit to the extent that it's been as strong as it has the last two quarters. It's hard for me to project what's going to happen for 2011 at this stage on ARRA, specifically. And in terms of the fee percentages, I was trying to see what I could help you here. Traditionally, if I look at the government, healthcare and education, that's probably at least, it's almost 70% of our North American revenues would be in those sectors.
Stephen Roell: I don't break that out that way. I get a lot of K-12, and I get higher education, but I don't have it broken up between private and public health.
Stephen Roell: The launch costs, Rod, in the quarter were up about $7 million, just to give you a feel for it, year-over-year. We'll end up giving you more information on both margins and launch costs in that October meeting. As you know, we do that, we also share with you our backlog of new business. So we'll go through them at that point in time. It's my best shot I can give on that.
Stephen Roell: We don't think so. I think in North America, CSM recently ticked the number off to 11.6 from 11.4 where we have it. I think if you look at some of that difference, I think, our Q3 came in a little bit higher, but again, if CSM is correct, there's a small amount of upside in the North America number. I've seen some numbers in terms of the European assumptions, and I don't -- we're going to have to go and look at that. I think we have to see what's in and out of there because we don't have a gap in Europe as some of the headlines I saw this morning.
Stephen Roell: That's fair. It's not our intention to be conservative. This is what we believe is -- we're not trying to gain the program here. We're sitting here saying this is what we think it's going to be.
Stephen Roell: You're talking about through 2011, Brian. I think we better push it off to our October discussion. We're not really talking 2011 here yet.
Stephen Roell: I guess maybe, Brian, the one thing that I would tell you we'd seen a pickup on -- this is, again, not the truck base that Bruce has referred in terms of the weather. But we've seen a pickup in our coating activity around what we call, prime, which is the small project work, typically performed by our Service business. That's picked up and that's the area that if you go back to the deferral, that's the period that we saw soften at that point in time. It's also an area that we decided we needed to resource better, so we've actually -- that where we're adding sales force as well in our service organization, just to go after those opportunities.
Stephen Roell: That's launch. So of that 42, seven was launched. And again, we have a tendency to look year-over-year, not sequential, because of the seasonality of our business. Be careful with sequential comparisons.
Stephen Roell: It's a combination of all those. In some cases, we're actually vertically integrating and putting in component plants, electronics and things of that nature. In other cases, it's new business with customers. And really, I'm not sure how the market share plays into it, but it's basically where we've won business in and are working with our current customer base.
Stephen Roell: Sure, just real quickly if I could. I just want to reiterate that we're very pleased with the results for the quarter, performing, kind of, what our forecast were internally due to higher production in the auto area, partially offset by what we saw as currency headwinds in some of the investments that we're making. I think the third quarter, you should look at it as we had another proof point of our return to sustainable profitable growth. We're increasingly optimistic about the near term, continuing to recover the automotive markets, we're seeing those significant improvements in BE's orders and backlog. And again, the growth and strength of the emerging markets. We expect improvements again in Q4, consistent with our guidance. And we look forward to meeting and seeing everybody on October 12 when we give you our in-depth look of our markets, growth strategies for 2011. And with that, enjoy the rest of your summer. And thank you very much.
