Olivier Leonetti: Thank you for you question. Price cost will remain positive, of course, in the line rate for the second half of the year as we keep materializing the strong margin backlog we have in the P&L.
Olivier Leonetti: So as we put in George’s preparing remarks, we have a low exposure to the office business. Your number is in the ballpark, Nigel. Our customers also have many funding sources. So we don’t see today an exposure to what is happening in the U.S. in the banking industry. Another data point, as George indicated, the backlog is strong and very resilient, which is another indicator about the strength of the financing sources.
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely. So for EMEALA, the fundamental of the business is the same as for the field business, meaning we have accumulated rich margin orders in the backlog and those rich margin orders are today being realized in the P&L. We don’t see them yet in EMEALA because we had some non-recurring items. Two things, we had last year some tax credits, which are not being reproduced – the tax items, which are above the line. And we have this year also some UK pension one-off cost which are impacting the EMEALA performance. We expect the EMEALA performance to increase sequentially in Q3 by a sizable amount, and we expect EMEALA performance in Q3 year-on-year to be about flat. So that’s for EMEALA.  For corporate, no structural increase to our cost in corporate, again some one-off, which were good last year for about $20 million, some one-off this year, which are impacting negatively our P&L. It’s a range of items, but no recurring increase in corporate costs.
Olivier Leonetti: We should see the margin to pick up, Steve, in Q3 sequentially by more than 2 points sequentially. And as I indicated, we should be about flat year-on-year. The underlying performance of EMEALA is very strong, as I indicated, and the backlog margin is now being realized at an elevated rate.
Olivier Leonetti: Correct. The numbers we discussed, Steve, are still intact for Q3 across the plat [ph] including for North America.
Olivier Leonetti: Not much more to add. If you look at the inventory turns in Q2, we improved sequentially by 6 days. We didn’t want to reduce the inventory by much more than that due to the strong demand we will have to satisfy in Q3. For the full year, we expect inventory to be back at the level it was at the end of ‘22. And as we have discussed before, we want to keep improving the inventory turns as we get into ‘24.
Olivier Leonetti: Yes, absolutely. If you look at the second half for GP, as you said, Julian, the strength in the year-on-year margin trend will start to normalize because of the tough comp. And what will take over in terms of margin profile for the second half is our solution business, where you see the trend, which happened in Q2 is going to accelerate in the second half of the year. So, that’s your first question. Regarding your second question beyond ‘23, we believe we can deliver 30% incremental. George mentioned a few of the points supporting this. We believe in a Global Product, we have strong product offering, heat pump is going to be part of this. And then we also are very bullish about what our Building Solutions margin could be at the back of solution services enabled by digital. On top of that, we have strong operating leverage capability in the P&L. As we keep growing, we have invested over the last 2 years. We believe that this investment will start to slow down, and we should be able also to increase leverage next year.
Olivier Leonetti: No, nothing more to add. [Indiscernible] is going to be the name of the game, services, digital, IP and products and in terms of pruning George answer to that is going to be really at the margin, but nothing significant we want to do.
Olivier Leonetti: So, if you look at today and you sense it from the call and from also our print in Q2, I mean, of course, you have always some risk in a large business like ours, but we are very confident about the market we are facing. The value proposition of our company is resonating. If you look at the macro indicator level, the commercial markets across the world actually strengthening. You see the backlog is strong. The backlog is growing. So, today, we feel that this is a balanced set of expectations for the second half. And again, we said that all along, we have accumulated a sizable backlog at very rich margin, and that is going to give us also a lot of momentum going forward.
Olivier Leonetti: It is included in our guide. And again, we discussed about this. We have clear line of sight of what needs to be done. We have reduced inventory sequentially by about six days. And we have – we could have done more and indicated why we did not. We need to satisfy the strong demand we have in Q3, but we have clear line of sight of this inventory reduction, and that’s indeed embedded in our guide.
Olivier Leonetti: We think that this low-double digit growth in services is going to be – is potentially subject to an acceleration. As we keep digitizing services offering, this service business will increase. Attach rate is one dimension, that’s not the only one.
George Oliver: In addition, when you look at our base business, what you see happening is all the work that we did through the course of last year, building a very strong backlog with very strong margins. As you see, as we begin to turn that, we’re seeing a nice pickup in the margin rate, which is exactly what we expected.
George Oliver: Hey, Nigel, let me touch upon the commercial exposure. I think it’s important to understand the secular trends that are underway and well underway within our sector around sustainability, healthy buildings and digital. And I think the value proposition that we’re bringing to ultimately address these issues do play out across all of the verticals that we support. Now when you look at the commercial sector, we typically are 50% new build and 50% retrofit. And so we’re still seeing very strong not only the conversion of the new build that has been started, but we’re seeing a pickup of opportunities as we’re retrofitting that space now with digital, with upgrading equipment as well as then now focusing on outcomes that we can create now leveraging the connectivity that we have in the building, the data, the way you extract and then using that data to reduce energy consumed and just overall efficiency of the building. So I think right now, even though that’s been a concern, as far as the overall pipeline that we’re developing around is still very strong. And we stay focused on how we differentiate and ultimately then deliver on the challenges that our customers are facing. Relative to the banks, maybe Olivier, you can share your thoughts.
George Oliver: So let me just – Jeff, let me lay out the fundamentals of our service business. Historically, it has been a mechanical break fix business. And as we’ve been transforming the company with digital, going back and making sure that all of our installed base is connected, we ultimately then use the data to not only enhance the traditional services that we perform, but then add on additional value propositions with energy and space utilization. There is a lot of things that we can do with now the capabilities of OpenBlue. And then ultimately, with that, we get better value propositions and better delivery. Our attrition comes down. And then ultimately, we believe we can sustain double-digit growth with that model. When you look at the quarter, we were up 11% revenue growth, like we said, 14% orders. But the underlying to your question, when you look at connected chillers, we’re up 100% year-on-year. We’re up almost 14,000 chillers that are connected. They are real time, we’re collecting data. We’re performing service and then we’re ultimately creating new opportunities on top of that with additional revenue. And then when you have these agreements in place, you get significant pickup on additional service beyond just the contract that we have. So our PSAs when we talk about performance service contracts, we’re up double digit. And that’s increasing our recurring revenue base on a forward-looking basis that we’re going to be able to achieve, being able to support those customers. And so when you look at the service business – and then the last thing we highlighted is when you do that with the insights that we’re creating, we can create events – predictive events, which ultimately drive upgrades predictably versus reactively that ultimately generates business. And so our Parts business is up well over 20% year-on-year as a result of the work we’re doing. So it really takes everything we’ve been talking about as far as mining the installed base, our connectivity to the installed base, we’re up over 600 basis points since Investor Day and in the quarter, 146 basis points year-on-year. And so that is creating the base that we ultimately then go create new value propositions, supporting our customers, especially along the lines of these secular trends.
George Oliver: See, when we look at our revenues, that takes into everything we do within those verticals for the company, including our Global Products business and then the field business, both install and service. Through cycles, the new construction goes down, the service and retrofit goes up. But as we’ve been now capitalizing on the opportunities with the new service offerings that we have, we are seeing a natural pickup of additional retrofit because of that along the lines of these secular trends.
George Oliver: Yes. When we look at what’s happening commercially, you got to look at right from the pipeline we’re developing to how they are converting and what our backlogs are and how they are going to turn. I’ll start with the backlog. The backlog is up 9% in the field year-on-year. When you look at the – what’s within that backlog, where we’ve – it’s very resilient and in line with our core strengths. When we look at North America applied – applied chillers were up, our backlog is up over 30%. And our revenue turn was roughly about 40%. When you look at all in relative to our revenue. And that’s continuing. We’re seeing capitalization of the trends that are underway. We have a very competitive product lineup and we’re actually gaining share. When you look at light commercial globally where backlog is up 30% and revenues returning about 30% so extremely strong performance within the commercial sector. When you look at North America commercial, which rooftops in addition to the applied, we’re on a run rate now with backlog significantly up, and we’re turning now better than 60% growth. And so our focus has been how do we continue to strengthen the pipeline, the conversion and then with the capacity expansion we’ve had and the resolution of some of these constraints from a supply chain standpoint, has really helped us not only reduce lead times, so we can ultimately continue the growth, but now being able to execute on the revenue growth. And so as we look at the secular trends, in the pipeline development around sustainability, healthy buildings, digital now with the digital deployments that we have, we see still a very strong pipeline. And so our focus is how do we make sure within that pipeline, we differentiate with our products. We differentiate with our solutions, leveraging digital, and that is what ultimately gives us confidence that we can continue to convert in a very positive way here through the second half.
George Oliver: Yes. Let me address that, and then Olivier can talk about the financial impact. As you look at what’s happened over the last couple of years, we had significant disruption. And as a result of that, we built up inventory. All of that peaked from a day standpoint in the first quarter. We’ve had the entire team now, now that we’ve been really leaning out and getting our capacity in place and working with our key suppliers, we’ve got the supply chain working pretty well. And so as a result of that, we’re not only making sure that we’re protecting the significant ramp in the second half on the commercial backlog that I discussed, but then making sure that we can rebalance all of our input to output relative to the material required. And so we’ve got line of sight to a pretty significant step down in Q3 and in Q4, which gets us back to where we need to be from an overall inventory perspective.
George Oliver: So what I would say is we’ve actually seen both. We have assets that we can go in and on a run rate basis, significantly reduce energy consumed to benefit the customer and ultimately address some of the sustainability challenges that they are facing. Then in other cases, we can put a value proposition together to upgrade the equipment, to deploy digital and then to get a payback based on how those – that equipment is actually operating. So that’s what we do through our sustainable infrastructure business, which today, we have a significant pipeline that we’re working to convert. It’s about $7 billion. And so Scott, it really depends on what the current operations out, what the current age of the equipment is, how it’s operating. And then what we do is try to provide our value proposition that is the best in their case that ultimately achieves what they are trying to set out to do.
George Oliver: Well, let me start by saying, operationally, we have seen significant improvement across our portfolio. So when you look at our velocity in the field-based business, you’re definitely seeing recovery in the backlog because that had built as we – as you recall, last year, we had extended our project cycle times because of supply chain and other challenges. That now is getting back in line. So that’s some of the reduction and then the – or the increased revenue. And then in the products business, the same holds true. We have really done some significant work in how we’ve expanded our capacity to now capitalize on these trends to be able to be competitive with lower or shorter lead times in the market, to continue the growth in the backlog, which is what we’ve done. And so it’s a little bit of both where we’re covering the backlog and then because of our ability to be able to better serve customers, that is ultimately helping us to be able to drive growth.
George Oliver: Let’s start with the overall model. So it starts with the installed base. And even though we’ve made significant progress, we still are currently performing service on short of about half – about 50% of the base that we put out into the field over the last couple of decades. And so the opportunity for us is to continue to penetrate that installed base, doing upgrades, deploying digital and then ultimately providing these outcomes that I think with the combined portfolio that we have, which is the leadership HVAC, equipment portfolio and a leadership building solutions, the two combined to be extremely differentiating relative to the outputs that we can create. And so we believe that the continued expansion of the attach rate to that installed base, the ability to be able to connect, use data, there is significant value that we generate to our customers. And in any downturn, the single biggest reduction is energy savings. And so when we deploy a full solution, we can reduce energy 20%, 30%, 40% and then couple that with the improved overall operation of the building beyond just the chiller, there is significant benefits to be able to be achieved for the customers. So I believe that the differentiation with the value, the ability to be able to go get more of our installed base, to build on that, real differentiated solutions, utilizing the data in AI is going to be – is going to continue to allow us to be able to expand services no matter what the cycle is that we ultimately experience.
George Oliver: Yes. Let’s reflect on what we have been. We did the merger with the divestiture of the seating business back in 2016 with the merger with Tyco and Johnson Controls. And then we said from the strategy that we laid out was to really step back and understand what the future buildings would be and what was going to be required to ultimately win with the trends that were underway. We said, at the end of the day, the value proposition with a leading HVAC business, combined with having a leading building management platform that the two combined is ultimately what’s going to be required to be able to deliver smart, sustainable, healthy, most productive, most efficient buildings. And that has been our strategy. So, as we have been looking at our portfolio, continuing to strengthen HVAC, not only with our organic investments, but also looking at potential bolt-ons or gaps that we might have. And heat pumps has been a huge focus of ours, I mean our – when you look at our heat pump portfolio, about half of our HVAC portfolio is made up of heat pumps. We have had significant reinvestment into heat pumps, and that’s going to be a continued focus of ours as you stated, from an M&A standpoint. And then on the digital side, what’s happening, the combination of what we have done in our building management system platforms coming together, now with a leading data platform with OpenBlue, it really does position us to now differentiate the solutions that we can ultimately serve our customers with, Julian, with the combination. And so with that, from a capital deployment, we have been certainly providing – returning a lot of capital back to our shareholders through dividends and in share repurchases, and that’s continuing to be strong, and we are going to continue to focus on from an inorganic standpoint where we can leverage the strength of the strategy that we are executing organically and how do we complement that with M&A.
George Oliver: Yes. When you look at our vertical markets we serve in line with commercial, we talked a little bit about commercial, but it’s similar percentages, plus or minus relative to installed to service. A big focus of our company now is not only to get the equipment installed, but then to be able to, from a solution set standpoint, leveraging our data, to really being capitalized on that installed base with the recurring revenue over the life cycle. So, there is a big focus on continuing to expand our services across all of the key verticals that we support. But it is historically, if you asked the question, it’s similar type percentages, installed to service, it varies a little bit by vertical. As it relates to non-res in general, when we look at the overall non-res, the indices that we look at, what we are seeing the benefit of is the construction starts are up and a lot of that was the projects that put into the pipeline over the last couple of years, and that’s benefiting us. The good news is that ABI has come back a bit and stabilized and somewhat positive here in the month of March. So, when we look at the indices, it’s still very strong. Our pipeline around non-res across the board is very strong. And our task is that to then within that pipeline, to really differentiate. And that’s what’s happening, especially as we focus on these secular trends, as we talked about today around sustainability, healthy buildings and then ultimately delivering smart building. So, we don’t see significant differentiation across the verticals. I would tell you that right now, healthcare is strong and data centers are strong. And there is a lot of verticals that play to our strengths that we are capitalizing on. But I would tell you right now, it’s pretty much across the board.
George Oliver: I think a key statistic is when we look at our Global Products business, which kind of spans all of our markets, when you – with the exception of the softness we see in resi ducted, our backlog in our Global Products business, when you look at both direct and indirect, is up over 20%. And so you realize that, that ultimately plays to our strength with the work we are doing around the commercial sectors.
George Oliver: Yes. I think when we look at our commercial operating system that we are really driving is – in really understanding market and the pipeline development, how we are converting by vertical, by region, looking at not only global products, but also solutions, we are tracking as we have been. Now, you understand through the quarter, typically, a lot of the project business gets weighted to the second half. So, based on what we are seeing with activity with the pipeline that we are building and how we are converting, it’s in line with what you would expect, Nicole.
George Oliver: Yes. So, when we look at resi, we look at it globally. Total resi was down about 4%. Obviously, with JCH being up single digits with our North America business down in the teens. Now, when we look at that, obviously we are going through – we are seeing sequential improvement, not only through our operations, but now with the rebalance of inventory with our distributors and that’s playing out as we planned. And then when we look at where the growth is going to come from, while deductive business is under maybe a little bit of pressure in North America. Our ability to be able to now capitalize on BRF and our rack and pack and our unducted, our ductless business is very strong. And so when you look at our business there globally, it’s starting to accelerate based on what we see. And so I think that’s a position that we believe we are going to be able to capitalize on, given the strength of our unducted portfolio and continue to be able to gain share there with the deployment of that product.
George Oliver: Yes. When we look at all of the programs that have been playing through with the COVID programs, the Infrastructure Act, the Inflation Reduction Act. And then in Europe, the 55, the building standards, we are tracking that pretty much across the board, and we participated in ultimately developing those bills. And so as we are tracking this, we have seen – if you look at the problems now, our customers are trying to solve, whether it would be education or healthcare or any of these type of problems. We are seeing – we started to see a pickup last year, and that’s continuing this year and being able to now add funding, getting to our customers and ultimately converting. That’s going to take – when we look at the deployment of all of that, Deane, over the next 10 years, it peaks roughly about 5 years out. So, it’s not going to come into play immediately, but we are beginning to see those moneys flow to the customers that ultimately can put it to work in solving some of these problems that they are solving around sustainability and healthy buildings and the like. So, we do see that as a – we size the market on a run rate basis about $250 billion when we did our Investor Day. We believe that the funding that’s coming into play more than supports the ability to be able to capitalize on that market opportunity. And then with our not only leadership product, but the solution set that we are building with digital, then positions us to really get more than our fair share.
George Oliver: Yes. So, when we look at our installed business, it’s really focused on the core as we have continued to make sure that we are increasing our installed base. And then ultimately, we are capitalizing on the recurring revenue we get through service on the life cycle. So, when you – on that business, we are increasing both price as well as volume on the core. Where we defocused is some of the other contracting that goes in line with some of those projects that we have deemphasized. But when you look at the core business that ultimately is driving our product sales and in creating an installed base to be able to generate services, that’s continuing to grow both price as well as volume.
George Oliver: It would be, Gautam, it would be in line with the overall price that we are yielding as a company, were a high-single digits price.
George Oliver: Well, what we are targeting is continued acceleration. We are – like I have said earlier, we are up about 100% year-on-year with our connected chillers. That ultimately gives us the opportunity to get additional revenues and reduce attrition and improve the overall performance. And so what we committed is we are going to see just continued sequential as well as year-on-year progress in our ability to be able to now connect and mine that installed base.
George Oliver: Yes. So, on the – let’s start with the sustainable infrastructure. We did have a nice pickup in orders which was 29%, which was a pickup from Q1. The revenue turned strong at roughly about 16%, and that’s going to continue. The pipeline is about $7 billion that we have been working to convert and this is where we put together a solution with our products, with our digital and then ultimately create an outcome, continued strong pipeline execution, conversion on that. On the healthy buildings, on a year-on-year, we are only up 2% order, but recognizing that was to a tough compare. We do believe our pipeline right now is up about 69% as it relates to these projects. So, there is still significant demand. So, that hasn’t changed since COVID and we are positioned now with the, I think differentiation, not only with the product, but also now the digital solutions that really differentiate how we can actually serve the customer with those capabilities. So, both are continuing to be very strong. In addition, a lot of that also converts to service. When we go and sell our healthy building solutions, there is a tail that comes through with the services that we built.
George Oliver: So, I think that was the last question. Just I would like to thank everyone once again for joining our call this morning. We delivered a very strong first half and well positioned to build on that momentum in the second half of the year. Certainly, the digitization of our offerings continues to accelerate as we lead the way towards a smart, healthier and more sustainable future for our stakeholders. I look forward to engaging many of you over the coming weeks. And with that, operator, that concludes our call.
