Alex Molinaroli: So our team does some modeling, and they don't actually expect, unless there is some weather event that we're going to see a tremendous uptick in sales, that that we do believe that will come, but unless we get some event, we're not seeing anybody anticipate those orders. What you really saw in the fourth quarter and what we expect to continue in the first quarter is the strength in Europe, I mean which is really unbelievable. Bruce mentioned that, that you look at such a down market, we've been able to grow our share there and of course that's also where we have our AGM batteries and we get replacement for those too. So I think the numbers that we're talking about, they will be representative, but I don't think that we built anything on our plan to have extraordinary sales for the year.
Alex Molinaroli: I don't know that I can give you a number, but there is not one single thing that would be the overriding factor, because all those things are beneficial. Our pricing initiative, a lot of that has to do with getting our commercial terms to stick with the OEs. And that's something that we trace all year, we were able to get that recovery and that will help us going forward. The AGM business, I think you understand that 33%, you'd probably come up with some modeling and what that impact is. But we also are starting to see a more consistent benefit from our totaling arrangements, our in-house totaling. So I think that we're seeing some consistencies, but we're seeing more than anything else.
Alex Molinaroli: We're not impacted by any of that investigation in our interiors business. I think that what we found when we split the seating business from the interiors business for that very reason is we learn how much they are interconnected. I think that they are only interconnected by convenience not interconnected commercial convenience, not by any other reasons. Whether we divesture that business or do something else with it, I don't think it's going to be harmed or harmful to our seating business.
Alex Molinaroli: And Bruce's point is very valid. If you think about from a customer standpoint that might have made sense for a total interiors, but the amount of complexity for a supplier to have all those products is incredibly complex.
Alex Molinaroli: So I think we'll talk more about that in December, but we've talked about the fact that we are looking not only our capital structure, but looking across capital allocation in a very broad way. So we'll have much more to talk about in December.
Alex Molinaroli: I'll take this and Bruce can probably even give more color. We really don't have restructuring benefits, when you think about GWS at this point. But what you'll see going forward is we will see some of that as we change our operating model. And so at this point it's really been efficiencies going forward. There will be some restructuring benefit, but that restructuring benefit has to do with how we're going to change the way that we service the accounts and manage the accounts. So we put a lot more tools and rigor and operational effectiveness inside that process. In December, we'll probably outline exactly what that initiative looks like, but we've got a strong roadmap and they are executing against that. So we expect to see that improvement continue. We're hopeful that we're going to continue to talk about that in a positive way over the next few quarters.
Alex Molinaroli: And a last point I'll bring on that is, when you go to an operational review for GWS today, you'll hear them talk about six sigma, lean, the types of conversation that we used to have in our execution oriented businesses. And so that's why we feel fairly confident that a lot of this is in our control.
Alex Molinaroli: And while we're on the topic, you didn't ask, but I would like to make sure that the metals folks know that we really appreciate what they've done. We've turned that business now to where it's crossed over the breakeven line, at least for the quarter. So we're pretty pleased to see that that part of our business is starting to perform. So that turnaround has really made a lot of progress.
Alex Molinaroli: I think in the short-term, whether the federal government is open or closed, it's not going to impact us materially.
Alex Molinaroli: I would just maybe add a little bit of color is, think about of the interiors business, I mean they've done nice job turning it around. But they are sort of sitting in a position same as we were last year with electronics. And that they've come to us and said look here is some further restructuring that we want to do, here is some increased amount of capital investment that we'd like to make, and it's not a priority for us. So given that we're constraining the capital for this business, and also given the fact there is a lot of rumors out there. We felt it is important to our people to be forthright with them about what it is that we're planning on doing. And we have talked to various people about and parties about the business, and so we rather handle the communication like this than be reactive to a leak in the future. It spuds really around the respect for our employees.
Alex Molinaroli: Part of this I'm not going to be able to answer because of the accounting change. So I need to look at what impact that's going to be, because what happens is we basically run our factories, not completely at full load, but as best we can. And so it's become seasonal, because we have seasonal sales because of the nature of the business. And then we have building inventory and depleting inventory. The LIFO and FIFO change is going to impact that somehow. So I really don't know if I can answer it completely or probably less volatile, but certainly be more predictable. But one of the reasons why you saw the change between Q2 and Q3 is one of those quarters were building inventory, one of them were depleting inventory. And so for LIFO that becomes a P&L hit and for our FIFO it does not.
Alex Molinaroli: I mean, we would rather not even be talking about this, but as Bruce said, we need to be transparent to our employees. But I think it's very similar to electronics. Obviously, the financials aren't the same, but we run a good business. There is structurally some issues with this market and I think we're not the only ones who are suffering from it, but there is no reason for us to wind this business down, particularly as we explore options, we have multiple options.
Alex Molinaroli: I think that everybody keeps talking about this recovery that's hasn't happened yet. And if you look at the indices, what you'll see is there is some recovery happening at the architectural level. Unfortunately, it's not happening in a lot of the markets where we have our strength, where we are the strongest in the institutional markets and that seems to be a big lager at this time, which is unusual. So as that sorts out, we'll pickup pace, but unfortunately it looks like it's a few months away at least, and so that's why we're going after a lot of these costs initiative, because we're acknowledging the position we have with our backlog.
Alex Molinaroli: The other thing that we'll see benefit from is the investments in Chin and we'll start to see that benefit. But this is a long-term fixed, I mean with the cycles of this business, we have to get these things approved and if it's mid-cycle, that's even tougher, so we'll see improvement, but it is going to take a lot of to get to our standard products.
Alex Molinaroli: Well, I guess, the comment before was that we think our strategy was right. And we think our execution has been suspect and tough, but we had the right strategy. And I think that was the context of the comment. I do think our customers have picked their way and it's different in different parts of the world, but for the most part component sourcing is where our customers are going. So I guess, I would agree overall with what was your comment.
Alex Molinaroli: The only thing I'd like to do is first is I did say it earlier, but most importantly I want to make sure we thank our employees. Our employees have been under a lot of stress over the last couple of years as we've tried to deal with the market conditions. And we're starting to see the results and I'm very proud of what they've accomplished. And so I want to make sure I mention that. And then last we have a lot to talk about. It will be more detailed, more talks, more strategically in December. So hopefully we'll see you folks in December 18, in New York, because I think it will be a good meeting.
Bruce McDonald: Brian, I would probably block it in a little bit more around. I mean if you recall last Q4, we were pretty disappointed with our margins in power last year. And we talked about the startup cost of the smelter and the hit that we took buying inventory in the open market to start that facility. So I would say, if you look at the rough, on a year-over-year base we're up about $90 million. I would say probably $30 million to $35 million of that delta. It would be the cost that we'd incurred last year that weren't there this year. So I'd say it's more a like a third of it.
Bruce McDonald: When we'll get some more information out on this when we sort of finalize things, but generally speaking it's immaterial in Q1 and Q4 of this year. I'd believe in Q2, it's an income item and Q3 it's a charge and those are $0.02 or $0.03. But when you sort of take the full year impact it's less than a penny.
Bruce McDonald: If you look at on our full year basis, our unit sales is about a $135 million and the AGM is like 5% of that.
Bruce McDonald: I would just maybe add to that, John. If you sort of go back in time and you look at the portfolio that we have in automotive today, interiors, electronics and seating, it was really put together with a view that what we're going to see was our customers source complete interiors. And as we've talked about on previous calls, that the sourcing pattern is now much more at the component level, and not at all customers, but the total interior sourcing just has not materialized by enlarge and so they need to have those three product lines, it doesn't exist anymore.
Bruce McDonald: Well, I'll comment first and then we'll see if Alex agrees. For us the thing that's important for us to maintain, investment-grade balance sheet. And so I would say we will feel uncomfortable going below BBB plus, just because in the event of a shock to the system like we saw in all '08 and '09, we want to be comfortable in that investment-grade rating, so that we can weather the storm here. But having said that we're probably seven to 10 points below where I would say it's ideal from a optimal capital structure. And that's where we are right now.
Bruce McDonald: It would be nice to blame all this on what happened in event. I think that uncertainty does not help these types of investments. And there has been uncertainty around the federal government spending, the state government funding for a long, long time. These are just events that that really are typical of the kind of things that don't help. So I wouldn't say that one event, but I think the overall uncertainty about funding of the federal government and state government is hurt. And the other thing that is hurt is in the healthcare business, which is very important part of our business, is the uncertainty about what's going to happen with our healthcare customers. What I would expect though as they sort that out, that's going to create opportunity. But unfortunately it's not sorted out yet. And so the opportunity will come, but we've got to wait for them to deal with their business issues.
Bruce McDonald: Probably the best way to think about this one is, if you think about GWS in the past, it's been a very commercially focused organization and our structure reflects that. So we would have our business, it was tend to be broken up by vertical market, so someone wanted to [ph] charge up the financials or pharmaceuticals or whatever. And which was good, because it gave us a very strong focus on the customer. The downside to that structure was if you went, then you took a place like a lot -- let's just take London, as an example. We did not leverage our resources within let say the city of London. So we may have had staff that was sub-optimized from a utilization perspective. But if we manage them across our businesses within the same geography, we could better exploit our resources. So what we're really doing here is we want to maintain the strong commercial focus that we have in that business, but operationalize it together. The cost savings of our delivery model, scale and our purchasing by vertically integrate like self perform more. And then get some more scale and economies of scale on the utilization of our overheads, SG&A.
Bruce McDonald: We can follow that, because I don't know the specific numbers. But what I do know is our profitability was up in seating, and interiors is down and electronics, which reflects the investments that I talked about in infotainment. And the fact that our electronics business in Europe is one business that we have significant exposure to French OEs.
Bruce McDonald: I think the law of large numbers will hurt us at some point, because we have a strong position in North America and Europe, but we're making the investments in China. We are also seeing the topline growth because of the AGM mix. So I think that it's going to move around a little bit. But I don't really change my view of the overall prospects long-term for battery. Easy for me to say, I'm not there right now.
Bruce McDonald: Well, I'm not sure you'd really expect me to answer that one completely. I think that the reason why we announced interiors now is because we have to make sure that we're able to execute on some of the opportunities. So it made sense for us to talk about it now. You see we have the impairment, as it relates to the rest of the portfolio, I would say just call it an ongoing process, not something that it's going to be an event. Obviously, we're having and it seems like an event now, but I would say it'd be more of an ongoing process for us.
Bruce McDonald: The one thing that I would just tell you is that we'll continue our investment in China. And as we invest in China, that's a lumpy investment and it's bringing on new clients. You don't have the absorption that you like. And so I think that that's going to be headwind for a while as it relates to our overall margins, but that's where our growth and investments will come for the future. So I think that you'll probably start hearing us as we talk about margins, there will be some impact by what pace that when we are opening plans in China that's my guess.
Bruce McDonald: So in Asia and North America and Europe, we're up about 5%. In Latin America, we're down 15%. Middle-East we're down 19%.
Bruce McDonald: I can't think of anything in the fourth quarter or third quarter like some that was benefited Q3 or something that hit Q4, I can't think of anything off the top knot. But maybe we can follow-up on that, if you could share your model, maybe we can help you out.
Bruce McDonald: Well, that's a hard one to answer. I mean in the short-term, what would end up happening, David, is let's say that was with our plan. Then we could dial-back a lot of SG&A in the short-term, run out our contracts, but then we'd have a series of plant closures as program startup to rolled off. Our strategy, just by the way, I mean we're not planned on winding down the interiors business. I think we've got some ideas .We aren't saying we're exploring our strategic options and we haven't got a clue what we're going to do. We have a few ideas, some sticks in the fire, but we're not planning on shutting it down.
Bruce McDonald: David, maybe one other point, I mean we did mentioned in the press release, look, here is what the interior sales and earnings are. Keep in mind and you know this, but we allocate our corporate cost to our segment. So when I'm looking to do something with interiors, if I back away the corporate costs that wouldn't go with that business, it has positive earnings. So it's the external segment number maybe does a little bit of this justice in terms of what a buyer would get.
Bruce McDonald: Well, I think if you're asking do we think we are willing to expand our margin for Power Solutions, we would agree with you, we do. We've talked about the fact that we expect to see couple of hundred basis points more of margin expansion over the next two to three years. I think we're on track to deliver that. So we don't disagree, we are not saying we're peaked here. You're absolutely right, as AGM becomes a bigger piece of a pie that's beneficial. And as our China business, which right now losses money because of the investments that we're making as that swings into a profit, that even though it degrades day-to-day our overall margins, but the swinging from the lost to profit it helps the total.
Bruce McDonald: We're looking to get close to breakeven kind of run rate by the end of next year. I think the breakeven run rate by the end of next year.
Bruce McDonald: Well, I think we were saying we expect a couple of, I think 200 basis points or 250 basis points, we were saying over a three year period there, Rod. But I think we've got a bit more lift this year with the pricing that would probably be why we did better. And that somewhat we lost some of that with the fact that the after-market volumes were softer than we thought coming to this year. So those will be the two little positive and negative, but net to a positive.
Bruce McDonald: You're right. I mean if you looked at our last analyst deck, we talked about metals being at like a 5% run rate by the end of '14. We're little bit behind that. But basically if you sort of unpack what's going on and what's driving the operational improvement here, the first and formal it's been the fact that we fixed all of our launch problems. And so for the last up until probably the early part of fiscal '13, we were lurching from problematic launch to problematic launch. And incurring cost to sort of fix it and then another launch would come up and that would be a challenge and we'd fixed that. So we've kind of been out of that mode now for two or three quarters. So I'm not saying all of our launches are perfect, but we're not having these launches that are really problematic for us. So I'd say we're back to normal mode. And if you look at our forward pipeline of the metrics that we have on programs that we're launching in the next 12, 24, 36 months, we're back to normal. So that's a great result. That's what has really driven us from the heavy losses to get to breakeven. What's in front of us? There is probably two big things. One is we still have a lot of our supply based in high-cost country and so we have work stream that moves a lot of our tools, this is largely a Europe story, Western Europe to Eastern Europe. And then probably a bigger part of the story is then the product and process standardization. And that we're really in the early innings on. And by that what I mean is if you think about JCI, KEIPER and Hammerstein, I'll just take recliners. We all had a recliner and we are standardizing on the KEIPER recliner family, and so we're going through a process of getting that recliner fitted out on our backlogs, that we can stop the product proliferation, rationalize our engineering around the 1-2b product family and then converting our manufacturing operations, so they can all manufacture the same thing. It's a lot of words, but it's can take bit of time, but it drives the big value.
