George R. Oliver: Thanks, Alex, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by thanking and congratulating, both the legacy JCI and legacy Tyco teams for all of their hard work and dedication over the last nine plus months. Our integration teams, working with our employees across the globe, have put in countless hours and an enormous effort to put us in a position to complete the merger a month ahead of schedule, so that we could hit the ground running in September. We have moved firmly into the execution phase of our Day One plan. And although, we're only two months into the process, I'm encouraged by what I'm seeing, including some very early traction on our $1 billion cost synergy commitment, as laid out on slide nine. We'll update you in more detail and provide some timing around synergy achievement at our upcoming Analyst Day on December 5. As we have come together as one team, it has become more and more apparent to me that the two organizational cultures have more similarities than differences, as I've seen that in nearly every region of business I visited within my first 60 days. In the marketplace, we continue to receive positive feedback from our customers and channel partners, and I can tell you they are just as excited about this combination as we and all of our employees are. Turning to slide 10, we will be organized around two strategic platforms: Buildings and Power. The Buildings platform represents a combination of the legacy Building Efficiency businesses within Johnson Controls and the legacy Tyco businesses. Together, these businesses will generate roughly $23 billion in annual sales and consists of several well-known and trusted brands across complex HVAC, building controls and fire and security systems. We are well-positioned in the building, with one of the broadest portfolios of products, integrated solutions, and service offerings in the market. We are also uniquely positioned with our customers and channel partners with a large installed base and significant scale in the direct channel. Going forward as one company, we will be able to leverage that global scale to expand our installed base as well as our market reach. And as the technology convergence in the building evolves, we'll be prepared to lead the way. The Power platform includes a portfolio of leading battery technologies across the product technology continuum, with number-one positions in conventional lead acid and AGM Start-Stop batteries globally. Our Power Solutions business has a large and resilient aftermarket business with consistent performance and growth throughout the cycle. I look forward to providing you more details on our strategic growth plans across the portfolio on December 5 at the Analyst Day. Let me now turn it over to Brian to walk through the financial details of the quarter.
George R. Oliver: Sure, Deane, let me just give you a high-level summary. Certainly, as the year played out we saw a continued softness in the high-hazard heavy industrial end markets, and that had a fairly significant impact on our product businesses as they played out for the year. That does impact about 35% of our revenues in that segment, and certainly these are high-margin businesses. Overall though, the orders for Tyco were up low single-digits so we continue to expand orders. The backlog year-on-year is up 4%, which does position us well here to get out to a good start in 2017.
George R. Oliver: Sure, Jeff. As you know, and Alex and I've talked a lot about this. We had an outstanding integration team put together over the last 10 months and they've done some great planning work and now we're into the implementation phase. Revenue growth is a key component of the merger, and we've had commercial teams across the globe laying out the existing customer bases, how we serve them today, the opportunity that we have to be able to cross-sell and serve them with more of our portfolio. Build services and how we create additional value for those customers that we serve. And we feel really good about the planning process, and now we're putting in the right incentives so that no matter where our commercial people sit across the globe, they are going to be properly incentivized to be able to bring the new capabilities to their customer base, and to be able to drive growth. We're going to lay this out in a lot more detail at the Analyst Day in December, but we are certainly feeling very good about this because this, certainly, was a key component of the merger to be able to accelerate the ability to be able to serve customers, being able to capitalize on the full portfolio, being able to converge some of the technology to be able to longer-term change the game, and how we serve buildings. And I feel really good about the progress we've made.
George R. Oliver: Well, I can't speak about Tyco. But we will give you some – we'll give you some ongoing metrics that you can look at that you can hold us accountable to, hold ourselves accountable to, which I think, look, based on what I've seen in the past, very similar to what we've done at Johnson Controls Investor Day. So you will get something that gives you guidance on each aspect, whether it'd be cost reductions, productivity, top-lines, bottom-line. It will give you some guidance on how we're thinking about capital allocation also.
George R. Oliver: Well, I think the unit growth, I don't really think about it quarter-to-quarter because there are – depending on – a lot of times it depends on pricing and stocking. A quarter can move around a little bit. But I think what you've seen if you look at our average growth across the year, I think that's really consistent. I think when you look at it quarter-to-quarter, it's a little bit dangerous as each one of our customers is either filling their channel getting ready for the season, or finishing the season and sometimes that doesn't happen the same quarter after quarter. But if you look on an annual basis I think it's fairly consistent, which is around 5%, and I think that's probably a pretty good number. And the mix is obviously going to help us because it's more and more AGM and of course, a lot of our capacity is moving into China, so it's going to be heavily focused on Asia growth.
George R. Oliver: Yeah. We ended the year with CapEx right at $1.250 billion which is what we planned for. The current year included in that number. Round numbers was about $300 million or $350 million related to the Automotive business. And if you look at Tyco's historic CapEx, it's in that $300 million to $350 million range, as well. So I think in the near-term here we don't see a significant reduction in CapEx. I think a number between $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion will probably be steady-state for us for the next two or three years as we ramp up some of the investments that Alex talked about in the Power Solutions business. That does give us a reinvestment ratio that's probably around 1.5 times or thereabouts. And so we recognize it's probably a bit higher, but I also would tell you that the growth investments we're making have good business case financial metrics associated with them.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, I think we had a pretty strong comparable last year in North America, but I do think it's just project flow. There's nothing that you would look inside there and see an aberration. The orders are strong; backlog's up. So I don't expect that that's something to be concerned about. I think it's probably, as you just said, just the timing of projects themselves. Nothing sticks out as being unusual.
George R. Oliver: Well over half. Probably two-thirds of our Buildings business is institutional related. And just to remind you, when we say that, that would be the government verticals, healthcare, and education.
George R. Oliver: Well, we're going to continue to launch plants. So I think that what you – instead of what I – if you look at China and you separated it, what you'd see because we're adding capacity obviously is – because of launch costs, it's going to be a lower margin than other regions. But I think the right way to think about it is the plant economics are no different in China than anywhere else. And so we're getting good economics, but we also have the launch costs that are in. And they're going to be there for a while. But as we continue to add, as our capacity increases, it becomes a much smaller percentage of the overall cost structure. But launch costs in that business are fairly significant. It takes a while to launch those products. Some of the quirkiness of the China market as it relates to the testing required to go-to-market. And then of course, having a plant that's got open capacity also has some cost. But I would say that the plant economics, which is probably the most important thing, are really no different in China than anywhere else.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, I think the $300 million I referred to is $100 million over each of the next three years and we took out a little bit more than half of the $150 million in 2016 and the remaining piece is really part of the productivity $100 million that's embedded in the 2017 plan that we'll present December 5. So it's part of the productivity piece that's been out there given the fact we knew that we were going to be spinning Adient.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, a lot of time when we give you the numbers – I think when we gave you numbers, we were trying to make sure we take out the effect of lead. Lead is, right now, it's about where it was last year but it's been a round trip that's gone down and it's back up to about where it was a year ago at this time. So I think that that's probably not much of a change year-on-year if I think of it intuitively. One of the things that is obviously a tailwind, is the more AGM Start-Stop batteries we sell, the better. The second thing that's happened is that, we're seeing some really strong growth in the market in North America, particularly. I think what the people inside the business call is an echo of five years ago when the OE build started, we're starting to see the aftermarket from that grow and registrations pick up. So we're seeing some strength in North America which is good for us. We do well when we're able to run at capacity and then Start-Stop in China, and China aftermarket growth has been incredibly strong this year, which is something that we had always planned for, but we're just really pleased to see it happen.
George R. Oliver: So as Brian talked about the specific margins for the quarter, but to give you overall what's happening. First off, we knew that Hitachi was going to be a drag on our overall margins in general because of the lower margin business. However, Hitachi is doing better than we expected, but it's still dilutive. So that's one of the things that's kind of fighting us on a year-on-year basis. Brian can give you some more specific color, but the investments that we've been making, two specific investments, some in our product ranges, you know, there's been refrigerant changes, plus, as many of you may know, over the last few years, we've had to catch up on some investments in our UPG business, light commercial and residential. We're seeing the benefit from those investments now. And then we've made significant investments in just sales head count over the last year. So those are the three buckets of investments. Brian, you might want to give a little bit of color on the margins.
George R. Oliver: Yeah, just a quick comment on that. I had the chance to join the team at the one-year anniversary and was very impressed with the work that's been done from an integration standpoint, deploying the JCOS across all of their business processes. As you talked about, how do we now leverage that platform in many other markets that are very attractive markets that we don't ultimately served today. And the team has got plans, detailed plans and how we take that product and truly capitalize on the growth opportunity that we see in any other markets beyond Japan. So I would tell you my first view there and I was very impressed with the team, very impressed with the performance in the first year. And truly, it's going to be a strategic platform for the future for the company.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah, so that's a good question. So I'm not sure if I had an adjective in there or not. At the margin, we're going to be looking at our portfolio. That's not going to change. But I think that the comment that I made was the major transformation to get us to a platform that we can truly call ourselves a multi-industrial is complete. I mean, and I think that probably means more to the legacy Johnson Controls people that had followed us, because we've gone through this transformation over the last three years, and if you've been a spectator, it's been quite a transformation. I think where we are as we're in a position we can truly call ourselves a multi-industrial now. Now we have to – that just means – I think you just said it a minute ago that it's the new marathon begins. And portfolio optimization is not going to be something that's going to be lost on us. We're looking at our – actively looking at our portfolio both in the legacy Johnson Controls and legacy Tyco businesses, and that will continue. And we'll talk a lot about that, or at least we'll talk some about it in December, as it relates to not only capital allocation, but strategically how we want to position ourselves. So more to come on that. But if I left you to believe that we are done, that's not correct. I think I want to make sure that you understand, everyone understands, particularly our employees, that we've got ourselves now positioned where we need us to be as a true multi-industrial. The Automotive business is set-up to be successful, and I think now we have a platform for us to optimize...
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah. And your questions about customers, I've met with a number of customers in my first 60 days here with the integration, and they're very excited about the combined capabilities and our ability to be able to better serve them on combining the work that we do across our channels.
Alex A. Molinaroli: I think we will probably give pretty solid focus on fiscal 2017, and then we will give medium-term guidance relative to key financial metrics, sales growth, segment EBIT growth et cetera. And that's reasonably consistent with what JCI has done historically as well. So you'll be able to kind of take it through 2020 based upon the way we're doing things.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Why do you ask? We had a great quarter. I'll put it in units. Our residential unit growth was 23%, which is outstanding. Now we have a lot of new products to come out. We also announced some pricing that's going to be effective the first of November. So I'd have to say that, I'm sure some of that impacted it, but what we're seeing is an awful lot of growth in both residential and our light commercial growth was in the upper teens also, from unit perspective. And that's really a benefit from a lot of the product investments we've been making over the last couple years, and then we've also been making some investments in some of our channel structures. So great quarter, gained share. Glad you asked the question
Alex A. Molinaroli: We're seeing project activity because that would be in line with our SSNA channel in North America where we're seeing weakness is in the Middle East and Europe, particularly as it relates to when it's starts moving toward the energy-related markets is where we're seeing some weakness. So we're seeing strength in China. We're seeing steady as she goes in North America, and having, just like, the rest of the market, almost a near collapse when you think about the Middle East because of the energy-related part of the market. And then of course that bleeds into our industrial refrigeration. So a lot of the gains that we are getting are being offset by industrial refrigeration and some of the toughness in the Middle East market.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah, so the good news about our business is that it's late cycle and the bad news, it's late cycle. In this particular case it's good news, because as we build our backlog, typically our projects are more complex, larger in late cycle. So our position is probably – we're probably in a better – it was tougher for us to get to this point, but probably in a better position than we have been because if you look six months, nine months out, our business is fairly predictable just because of the nature of the type of projects that we have. And so if you look at the flow rates of our projects, on average you're talking 9 months to 12 months. And it's pretty easy for us to see six months to nine months out. And then we look at our forelog, which is our pipeline, we can pretty much look at the next quarter and see what we can expect. So I think that we feel, if you look at it from a FY 2017 perspective, I think we have pretty good visibility in North America.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Probably the way to think about it is, because you take out $75 million last year, take out $75 million on stranded costs, whether it's an exit rate or ongoing rate, you probably at a zero-sum game here because you've got last year's costs benefiting this year, and this year's costs benefiting next year. So I think you can – I know that you – probably a little more detail and we'll give it to you, but I would think it's going to be fairly consistent with what we've seen over the last year.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah. And what I would say is we did that and we didn't jeopardize any of our investments. We made the investments we needed to so to not only help us with the growth that we're seeing now, but allow us to position ourselves well for the future. And so I think being able to get those margins and maintain our investments and our product investments, I feel good about.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Still under pressure. So if you looked across the institutional, that would be the one place, healthcare is reasonably flattish, and the government business is down, continue still down under pressure. Everything else is really strong, but we're still seeing pressure there. I don't think that is anything that's unusual to us. I think what we're seeing right now is – maybe it has to do with the environment we are in, hopefully things will free up here after today.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Yeah, I wouldn't say it's across the board, but it's in a lot of places. The Residential is doing much better than we expected. But what we are seeing is it's really quite impressive. Maybe George can even comment. He had a chance to see some of the integration activities, but on the cost side across the board we're seeing an awful lot of benefit that we've been able to bring through our integration and synergy activities. There's been some pricing actions and some channel restructuring as it relates to Residential business. There's been some new product introductions. The China business with our partner at Hisense is doing really well, and Taiwan is doing fantastic. So I would say it's not everywhere, but it's more places than not we are seeing improvement, both on the cost and on the sales side. There is still opportunity, but it's been pretty impressive.
Brian J. Stief: Yeah, I don't think that number is going to move around now significantly. I think we're pretty well grounded with the valuation firm we're working with relative to the amortizable intangible asset base. So I think the number that's out there in the pro formas is a pretty solid number as we look at it going forward. You're right, it did come down from the preliminary filings that were made. I think it came down roughly $100 million or so; I'm probably rounding there. But that had to do really with the original information that was provided to the outside firm. As you go through that process of finalizing a valuation, there's tweaks you make to it based upon variations in earnings levels by geography, and what ended up happening as a result of some of those changes we made, some of the amortizable asset base came down as far as intangibles, and it really got reallocated to either indefinite-lived intangibles or to goodwill. So I think that number where it stands right now, Jeff, is a pretty good number to use. And that number will be with us for a while because the life associated with those amortizable assets is anywhere from 10 years to 15 years, so that's a pretty good number.
Brian J. Stief: Yeah, I mean, the stranded costs number that we've kind of been talking about related to the Adient spin-off. It was about $150 million, and I think a little over half of that was taken out in fiscal 2016, so it's already reflected in the results. The other half will come out during fiscal 2017, and it's really part of the $300 million of productivity that we've talked about that will be recognized over the next three years as part of the JCOS benefits that we're going to realize. So I think that's the way to think about that, Jeff.
Brian J. Stief: Hey, Jeff, I'd just add as Alex said, you know we had an opportunity to work on this almost in a lab environment for nine months, so it wasn't real except for the fact that we had a chance to visit with customers. And what I've seen happen with the integration teams over the last couple of months, it's gone from an idea to a reality, and I've seen a lot of confidence building in our team. As we get an opportunity to meet with the integration team and now moving into the business. George put together an organization that's going to activate it, he talked about incentives, I know he'll talk about that. But I'm actually really pleased with what I see. One of the things I didn't mention earlier, I'm just going to sneak in, it doesn't have anything to do with this question, but it relates to being able to get synergies. We've actually seen almost $100 million in revenue – in secured the CBRE relationship, and we've learned a lot. It's not the same, but we've learned a lot in being able to pull-through activities from activities like that. So I think our team is seeing those things too, and that gives them confidence. I think we're going to be pleasantly surprised. Obviously, we've got to secure it before we revenue it, but I think in December, we'll maybe have a couple of those stories we can share with you.
Brian J. Stief: That will be approved by our board at the November meeting, and it's still under review. So we don't have the go-forward dividend for 2017 established yet. We'll be announcing that at the Analyst Day, as well.
Brian J. Stief: I think our EBIT margins of 19% for fiscal 2016 were pretty strong relative to what we expected. But I think if you look at the investments that we're making in Power Solutions in China over the next two years to three years, there will be a bit of drag on margins simply because of the launch costs that Alex referred to. But we'll actually be providing both 2017 and guidance through 2020 on Power Solutions margins on December 5.
Brian J. Stief: Yeah, I mean, the margins for the year at Building Efficiency were 9.2%, and that's a 10 basis point improvement. But I think what you're referring to is it was pretty choppy quarter-to-quarter. I think in the first quarter for Building Efficiency, we had a 50 basis point improvement. Second quarter, we were down 50 basis points. Third quarter, we were up 90 basis points, and fourth quarter here that you're referring to is the 80 basis point decline. So it's been choppy. And a lot of that has to do with the timing of when we're making some of these product and sales force investments and also the timing of some new product launches. And in particular, in the fourth quarter, there was some new product launches that impacted the basis points reduction in the quarter. So I think to step back and look at it, I think you really should look at it on a full-year basis and say we improved 10 basis points versus what we thought going into the year. We thought our margins were going to be in the 8.1% to 8.3% range, so I think the folks at BE are actually pretty happy with where they ended up margin-wise.
Brian J. Stief: So, I think if you look at free cash flow adjusted for next year, and the reason I say adjusted is we've got some really choppy tax impacts that will hit us from a free cash flow standpoint in fiscal 2017. But as I step back and look at Building Efficiency, I think the opportunities for improvement are probably in the – geographically in certain pockets in the accounts receivable area. I do think there might be some opportunities in Power Solutions in the inventory area, and I think on a combined basis, as we look at Tyco and JCI together and kind of put together the JCOS operating system embedded across the organization, I think there's going to be some working capital opportunities there as well for legacy JCO (57:48) and Tyco combined. So I mean, I guess when we look at fiscal 2017, it's going to be choppy, but on an adjusted basis, I think we're going to probably be in 75% to 85%.
Brian J. Stief: I think the adjustments that we've historically made have been the tax payments, and we've had separation costs included in the adjustments, and then any other significant one-time charges. I mean, we're going to put only items that are kind of viewed by us to be material on a quarterly basis in that adjusted free cash flow number.
