George Oliver: Yes. What I would say, Nigel, is as we indicated on our prepared remarks, I'd start with the value proposition of our field-based businesses, particularly in North America, is resonating very well with our customers. You saw our orders up 13% year-on-year. We're up 18% with a two year stack, strong demand for the vectors of growth from services and sustainability, indoor, environmental quality, and that's in North America. But across the board, we're seeing a significant pickup in our digital capabilities. And so I think as you look at the quarter, a combination of things that created the shortfall. We had recovery plans. We've been working with our chip manufacturers and semiconductor material suppliers for the last year. And we've been working at the most senior levels, myself personally involved with CEOs, in understanding what their long-term plans are and how does that align to supporting our growth. And we've made a lot of progress, and that includes also having to redesign chips and ultimately making sure that we're going to be positioned where the supply will occur and have much more resiliency in our plan going forward. And so when we look at short term, it certainly was the plans that we had, had have moved to the right. They continue to improve but, Nigel, at the same time that we're ramping up with our seasonal build. And so typically, we're up usually 10% to 15% into March, as we plan for our third quarter and ultimately fourth quarter. And so that is ultimately what happened. And so we weren't able to convert the backlog, and a lot of this is our high margin mix as it relates to controls. And the good news is when we look at our digital or orders, the orders in our controls-based businesses were up over 30%. And so our backlogs are significantly up in spite of the supply chain improving. And so it did have a disproportionate impact on our revenue conversion in the field because of this high margin. And when you think about products, products multiply in the field. So not only once we deliver the product, we get multiples of revenue for how we not only support a project, but more important how we complete the service. And so it's about 40% of our revenue does convert as we ramp, especially going into our peak season in the last month, and that resulted in about an impact of $40 million in the quarter. Now as we have – certainly, we've been working this for the last year. We've gone back and making sure, that as we understand now what is the commitment, not only in additional capacity, but how we are positioned relative to that capacity, I feel really good because our suppliers are totally committed and aligned with our growth strategy. And so this will play out with a recovery in the second half. And I think as I think about not only completing 2022, but the setup we have for 2023, with the margin that we put into backlog, and we're seeing that in our Global Products with the book and bill business, we've seen tremendous agility relative to pricing, and we've done the same in our field-based businesses, although there's a little bit of a lag, that we're going to be set up for not only strong high-digit – a high single-digit pricing. But now with the revenue conversion, as we get into recovery in the fourth, fourth quarter setting up for the first quarter, you can assess that we have $1 billion - $1 billion to $2 billion of additional capacity to take on the recovery. When you look at our backlogs, we think we'd start to accelerate recovery as we get through fourth quarter and then ultimately set up the first half in 2023. So that's what we've been experiencing. It's been a full contacts Board, everyone totally aligned working with our suppliers and making sure every step of the way, we're positioned to deliver the growth and ultimately get to the volume growth and the returns that we've committed, which I believe we're going to be in good shape to do over our long-term plan.
George Oliver: Josh just to add there because, I think, it's important to understand the pricing dynamic, as Olivier has said. With the book-and-bill business, we've been very agile, as I said, with the pricing and we're getting on the 14% growth, about 10% pricing, that's embedded in that. As the inflation began to accelerate last year, we began to then as on a forward-looking basis within our field-based business, to be able to forward look much higher levels of inflation. So we've been putting into backlog over the last number of quarters, much higher anticipated inflation. So what you're seeing in converting now were projects that prior to last year or early last year, that are still converting. But with what we've been putting into the backlog is priced much differently and that becomes to be a higher mix as we get through the second half. And then more important, as we look at our turn in the backlog going into 2023, that's where I said that we have – we're positioned for high single digit conversion relative to the price that's in backlog. So that is the work that we've been doing over the last – it's really been the last two years with the work that we've done around pricing. But we're very confident that with the fundamentals we have in place, and it's demonstrated in our product businesses, that we're getting great traction with the initiatives have in place.
George Oliver: No, I mean when you – Josh when you think about our OpenBlue, it's really digitalizing all that we do, it's strengthening our products and it's fundamentally becoming embedded in all of our services. So when you look at OpenBlue, it's the connectivity. So it's the ability to be able to connect. And then with that connectivity we're increasing our attach rate of contracts, long-term contracts. It allows us then to, with these new service offerings, leveraging the data and the AI that we're applying to the data that fundamentally differentiates the service offering. So that's incremental revenue per customer. And then with the connectivity, it allows us to be able to significantly reduce attrition. And that's when you factor in all that the digital does it contributes to that high single digit service growth that we're committed to achieve. And we're making great progress. Like when you look at the new services that we've launched here in just the last quarter, whether it be the connected, our new gateway that is going to be fundamental to all of the assets that we have in the install base and how we get them connected. And then now we're launching our advisory services, energy advisory services and associated services. So there's a lot of – it's now IAQ as part of our healthy buildings service, it's the enabler now of those additional services with that connectivity that ultimately drives the revenue per customer. And the revenue per customer price as well as additional service is significantly growing.
George Oliver: Steve, it's important to note that when you look at our backlogs, both in our book-to-bill we're up significantly year-on-year still, and that's continuing to build. And then our field-based businesses were up significantly. And so we’re working this such that with the recovery as we see going through the peak in the third quarter and then we begin to recover. we have one to two, we believe in the beginning in the fourth quarter, first half of next year, with the commitments we’re getting on supply right now that, that’s the capacity that we have to really begin to accelerate the recovery with the backlog we’ve built. And the demand continues to be very strong, especially as it relates to our digital components, and that’s a reflection of the work we’re doing with OpenBlue and across our digital platform. So, I think we have confidence at this stage that we going into the year, we should have real good tailwinds with the margin in backlog and then the ability to be able to convert with an improved supply chain.
George Oliver: I think, Gautam, just a point on that is with the supply chain, because a lot of this is really impacting our digital mix and the recovery of – we’ve got commitments now on the recovery of the microchips and semiconductors. They are weighted to the first half of 2023, but some continue through. So it’s tied to both the supply with the ability to be able to get the leverage with the mix and the completion of the projects and services we’re completing. But that would be, as you model, as we begin to think about 2023, that’s ultimately what our goal is.
George Oliver: Well, what I would say is it’s the opposite. Right now, our demand – and of course, we’re not overcommitting based on what we’re learning relative to our ability to convert. But I would tell you that with the strategies that we’ve been executing services, digital, this trend on decarbonization, healthy buildings, ultimately automated buildings. We’re operating at a much higher level within our customers, because these are now problems that the C-suite or the CEO is focused on. And so even in the environment we’re in and with the economic environment that the demand is still coming in strong. And so we feel that the way that we’re committing and the way that we’re booking the business is ultimately in line with what we can achieve and what our customers are demanding. So at this stage, we have seen very little or none, relatively low cancellations. And when you look at our – so you look at our short-cycle business, as I said, our short-cycle business, our backlog is significantly up year-on-year. And that’s after a quarter of delivering 14% growth. In the quarter, we had actually revenue – orders that exceeded that in the quarter. And then when you look at our field-based businesses, these are longer-cycled projects that are typically financed. And we’re working upfront with owners and developers, especially now with OpenBlue, where this becomes fundamental to their infrastructure, the digital infrastructure within the building. So as we sit here today and I think even if we were to get into a slowdown, given the importance of what we do and how we’re deploying our capabilities, it’s still going to be high demand.
George Oliver: So the color on that, Scott, is that we’ve been actively involved in all of these bills that have been tied to our industry with Katie McGinty, myself. We’ve been very actively involved; not only in the U.S. but across the globe, but with each of the governments and helping to define how they deploy these resources to get the biggest – to get the biggest impact. And so we have been very active, like, for instance, with heat pumps and the opportunity to get a 3:1 benefit by deploying heat pumps and replacing some of the boilers and an older equipment and upgrading with heat pumps, you get significant reduction of energy required ultimately with that capability and then you get a good payback just purely with the economics. And so there’s a high mix of that that is tied to all that we do. It’s not only HVAC, but it’s with the digital capabilities that enable us to be able to significantly enhance energy reduction, upgrade the indoor air quality, all of that together, Scott. So it’s not broken down into any one domain. It’s more in line with what is the output that they’re trying to achieve. And the two outputs are getting to a higher standard of indoor air quality while, at the same time, we’re reducing energy, not only here in the U.S., but actually, as we work with the European governments, how do they quickly deploy heat pumps to ultimately put into district heating and cooling and other applications that can significantly reduce demand. But a lot of that is because we’ve been actively involved in defining how those resources should be applied.
George Oliver: Yes. The whole idea of OpenBlue Advisor is really making a building autonomous. And you can take all of the data in a building. And then with AI and other applications, you can then understand what is the best way to optimize the building. And so not only taking what the energy – what the current energy being consumed, but then how do you then advise based on what entitlement is to how you get to the most optimized energy usage within the building. And it takes into account all the factors of a building. So not only the HVAC equipment, but presence and a lot of the other factors that ultimately really help contribute to how you get to that best outcome. And so it’s really – think about it, Scott, is taking all of the intelligence of a building, being able to put it into one platform, apply AI and then being able to work with our customers to define what the best solution is to be able to achieve their net zero commitments that have been made. And this ties well with our net zero building offerings. When we go in, we can do a full offering where we upgrade equipment. We deploy digital. We can take an as-built building. And when you look out towards 2050 and with all these commitments to get to net zero, 70% of the building stock today will still be in operations. And so we’re seeing high demand to go in and ultimately upgrade, deploy digital, consume the data, apply AI and then ultimately advise what the best solution is to get to the energy commitments that they’ve made. So that’s, in essence, Scott, what we’re doing.
George Oliver: So if you look at today, the North America business this is the one which is the most sophisticated in the portfolio. And if you look at today at demand signals, and we have – we put together a slide on this in our slide deck all indicators are actually resonating well with our customers; service, sustainability, healthy building due to the complexity of the North America supply chain we are having more headwinds that we have elsewhere in the portfolio. Net of those, the underlying margin in North America is actually improving and we feel confident that this business will add a margin to the bottom line of our company. All of those issues today amplified and temporary Julian.
George Oliver: Yes. What we're seeing – well let's what I would say is order trends. When you look at all of Asia-Pac because that's how we report the order trends continue to stabilize and they've been pressured over the last year outside of China, but those economies are coming back as they exit COVID and are actually doing very well. You see order momentum in Northeast and Southeast Asia are very solid mostly in Japan and India. India's doing very well. We're up almost 30%. There's lots of infrastructure investment and when you look at – you asked specifically on China we're seeing good demand in China HVAC, it's led by strong industrial vertical work with our industrial refrigeration, supporting petrochem and downstream. And then when you look at orders in the quarter we're up 6%, but that was to a 39% prior year compare. And so when you look – when you look at the environment that's now from a commercial standpoint we're actually doing very well. Now, when you look at your question relative to the current environment, we have begun to see impacts in March both in China and Hong Kong. Our headquarters in Shanghai and two of our plants and I'll talk about those two, have been into some amount of shutdown, lockdown but we are back in operating today in both plants. So we have a Wuxi plant, which is chillers and that's our not only supporting China, but also other parts of the world. And we have Woohoo, which is our JCH Factory and interesting during the shutdown we had many of our employees actually stay in the plant, live in the plant and ultimately continue to create output, but that was to a much lower volume. Both now have been reopened and are operational, but not quite to where we need to be. So that's some of the pressure that Olivier talked about. Now, when you ask about out the China supply chain, since the pandemic we've been doing really good work. Our sourcing team and looking at all components that come out of that supply chain supporting the rest of the world, and so as we look at the lockdowns impacting other parts of our business it's minimal at this stage, although we're watching this closely, the Shanghai port is, I think operating like a 40% capacity and making sure that with what is left that we're – we've got contingency with other supply, but I feel really good about that. And so I think the concern Nicole short-term is, is are going to be additional lockdowns with any additional spread of the virus? And then continuing to make sure that we're getting the proper supply for anything that's left within the supply chain supporting the rest of our businesses, but overall I think we factored that into the framework we provided.
George Oliver: Yes. So it's – for us it maybe a little bit different. Our North America, so when we look at resi globally, it's both inducted in the U.S. and our inducted business with Hitachi and so we're up about 15% globally. Now, when you look at North America, so we had sales up 27%, but our backlog continues to grow and we're at a point Nicole that because we're at our capacity, we're bringing on new capacity as we speak in our Mexico facility. We're governed right now by being able to take orders to our capacity expansion in Mexico. And so at this stage, it's hard to look at our orders because its book-and-bill and we're ultimately not taking orders that we can't support here, reasonably within the timeframe that they're looking for delivery. So that's a little bit of a factor for us as far as on the order side, but we still believe that on a run rate basis, that the demand that we see coming in is still very strong to be able support the distribution that that ultimately we supply to. And because of the investments that we've made in new products and now with the expansion of our capacity and distribution, we still feel really good about the prospects for that business. Now in the non – in the resi and the non-inducted that's performing very well. We're up 13% year-on-year, and this has been driven by, we've been strong in Asia-Pac up high-single digits. That's been driven by Taiwan and India and then Europe, it actually and this should be a big strength of ours going forward because of the heat pumps and the mix of heat pumps in our portfolio there that we were up 23% and our VRF is up 53%. And so incredible success there with the adoption of VRF and some of our new air-to-water heat pump technology. And so I think overall this is an important segment for us. We're making the investments, and I think we're seeing the success with the investments we're making.
George Oliver: So on that operator let me add a few comments here to close the call. I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. I think overall executing extremely well in our strategic initiatives, ultimately that will position us to accelerate profitable growth. We position the company to capital on some tremendous trends here that are facing our industry for the next decade plus. And although we've had short-term supply chain disruptions and they remain a challenge, I can tell you that our teams are executing well and personally involved on a regular basis and making sure every step of the way we're taking the actions require to ultimately recover. And I think with the strength of our orders and backlog provides us added confidence on our growth outlook going forward. And of course we always remain focused on, although we've had some impact short-term we are very much committed to deliver results for our customers and ultimately the long-term plan that we've committed to our shareholders. So I look forward to speaking with many of you soon, and over the next few days, and operator that would conclude our call today.
Olivier Leonetti: So if you look at today, the guide we are proposing for the second half of the year, we are planning a minimum amount of improvement. We are ramping in the second half relative to the first half in volume. If you disaggregate what is going on in the second half in our guide, we expect to be price/cost positive by about $50 million, but we expect disruptions to still impact our business. We have factored about $100 million due to disruption. Again, it's – we are doing that in the abundance of caution. Obviously, we're not – we're watching what's happening in Europe. We're also watching what is happening in China. But as we said earlier, we have build year-on-year in Q2, $1.2 billion worth of backlog. And we believe that we will have the manufacturing capacity and also supplies capacity in – at the start of next year to flow the backlog at a very enhanced margin. And as George indicated as well, Nigel, we couldn't be more pleased with how our value proposition is resonating with our customers. If you look at orders, if you look at services, sustainability, empty building, all the indicators are very positive. So today, it's a temporary conversion question that we have to face.
Olivier Leonetti: Yes. So if you look at – you are absolutely, right. So, we expect largely that the backlog issues will normalize in the first half of the year. If you look at today, the margin at which we price orders today, we're pricing in anticipating of inflation and we're pricing today, high single digits. So we believe we are going to have a very healthy set of revenue based upon the orders we book now. And those will flow at the start of the year. We have the capacity and we believe we're going to be well positioned from a margin standpoint.  In addition, and I know we spend a lot of time on our business for good reasons. Our global product division is really outperforming, strong revenue growth and strong profit rate improvement. So again, very pleased with the value proposition of our company, Josh, and we believe second half – first half of next year, we will see a significant margin improvement going on.
Olivier Leonetti: Yes, maybe an additional comment Josh, this is important. Most of those capabilities and those we believe are unique in the market when you speak about OpenBlue getaway which is easy way to connect all devices in the building. If you speak about also OpenBlue connected with a BMS, which allows you to control a building remotely, that's unique in the market. And our edge capability now implementation to our ecosystem FogHorn. Those are unique capabilities. We believe game-changing for the building business those are also new. So, we will start to see more of an inflection point forward as well Josh.
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely, Steve, nice to talk to you. Let me give you an example of North America. If you look at our North America, which is our most sophisticated business, the value proposition of what we do is resonating in the market and that's important. I will answer to your question precisely. But if you look at the underlying trends, order growth, 13%, 18% on a two-year stack, backdrop growth, 40% services growth 7%, sustainability infrastructure two-year stack, 60%, SE Building orders growth 85%. We have tremendous demand for our North America business. The challenge today is a short term conversion. Let me give you an example. In North America, we need to orchestrate our own supply chain, the one of our partners’ and the one of our customers’. And the issues we are all facing in industrial world are being amplified in this sophisticated business. So that's what is happening. And as George has indicated, it's mainly due to controls. And for a  of revenue with controls, you have a tremendous impact on the total revenue for North America. To your question, will that reverse next year? The answer is yes. We expect today if you look at in aggregate for the company, the sum of the headwinds are going to be about 160 basis points for our company for the full year. If you look at the underlying margin, they are increasing by more than 100 basis points, Steve. And we expect that to be flowing through next year. So that's the first part of your question. On the second part of your question, we are being prudent, we are September year-end company, so we have less time to see what's happening, for example, in Europe or in China, which is largely today in some parts of the operation in lockdown. We are planning, as I indicated, more descriptions in the second half as said about 100 million of description, that's prudent. We believe we have factored the risk in the appropriate manner, and we see some positive price cost. So prudent approach to supply chain and we expect first half of next year to be a very positive staff for us as we convert backlog at a very high margin.
Olivier Leonetti: If you look at all the indicators today Steve, regarding the health of our business, it's actually very strong. And the margin rate should increase significantly next year above averages. No question.
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely, the math is correct. If you take the sum of the two years, we would be able to recover the margin rate. And again, if you look at the top line today and the indicators we have in terms of orders and now that we convert, we feel very positive about top line and margin improvement when you take those two years together, correct.
Olivier Leonetti: That’s correct, Julian. What we had anticipated originally was to be able to beat those seasonal trends. And we had expected that we would have the ability to flow some of the increased backlog we had. For the reasons we have been presenting today, this increased conversion of backlog will be delayed by two quarters.
Olivier Leonetti: Absolutely. Correct. The increase in the normal flow is not happening, but we believe today that we will be able to meet these recourses in our trend.
