George Oliver: Thanks, Brian. Before we open up the line for questions, I want to provide you with our outlook for 2019. Let's start by walking through the puts and takes embedded in our 2019 guidance on Slide 18. As Brian mentioned, our tax rate for fiscal 2019 increases to 16% from the 13% effective rate reported in fiscal 2018, and this equates to a $0.12 headwind year-over-year, which normalizes our fiscal year 2018 EPS to $2.71. We expect mid single-digit organic growth, which will drive approximately $0.28 of earnings and we expect this growth to be primarily driven by improved volumes and price. Additionally, we will have the continued benefit of synergies and productivity savings, which we will realize over the course of the year that will contribute an additional $0.23 of earnings. As you are all aware, the U.S. dollar has continued to strengthen, based on recent rates, we expect this to result in an $0.08 foreign currency headwind year-over-year. Additionally, the carryover of the salesforces investments, as well as a few cents of incremental investments in our product businesses are expected to total about $0.07. As you can see there are various other items which net to $0.07 headwind in fiscal 2019. All of these factors contributed to our fiscal 2019 EPS guidance range before special items of $2.90 to $3.05. This represents growth in the range of 7% to 13%, adjusting for the impact of the increased tax rate. The full details of our guidance is included on Slide 19. Our guidance is based on strong underlying EBIT growth of 8% to 12%, driven by strong top line performance in synergy and productivity benefits. While we are pleased with our 2018 results and continuing momentum into 2019, there is still a lot of opportunity ahead and we remain focused on driving execution. With that, let me turn it over to our operator to open the line for questions.
George Oliver: Yes, what I would say, Nigel. We've gone through a very thorough process and have been assessing multiple options. I would tell you, we've been very disciplined in making sure that whatever the outcome is that we're going to be positioned to be able to create the most shareholder value. A little bit disappointed around the timing, but it's something that we can't control. What I would say that we have made significant progress. There are a significant number of considerations that we've taken into account. And what I believe is most important now is making the right decision versus keeping to a set timeline. We are evaluating all of the multiple options before we reach the final decision, as I said all options are still on the table.
George Oliver: Yes, Julian. We've made a lot of progress here when you look at the overall margins and when you look at the aggregate of what we're forecasting here for 2019. What we'll see is very nice progress on the price cost within our products business and that's coming through as you've seen here in the last couple of quarters. And then within our field businesses, when you look at the field businesses, we've got the headwind of the salesforce investments that we've made through the course of 2018 and that becomes in – especially in the first half of this year, some headwind on the margin rate. And so if you look at the overall margin rate, we pick up about 30 basis points on volume with the continued strong organic performance, we pick up about 60 basis points of price – I'm sorry, productivity and synergy save. And then that's being offset with the reinvestments that we have, the little bit of a headwind that we have from the salesforce expansion that we made, and then some incremental investments here in products. As we go through the course of the year though, as we position now through 2019 and into 2020. You'll see those headwinds subside because now that we've got the growth machine working. We've got the orders now at a rate that we believe is well above the market. We're now driving our service growth and with the investments we've made in products, that's ultimately what's going to drive the growth and the overall margin expansion longer-term. And so there is a little bit of headwind here in 2019, but we feel good about the 40 to 60 basis points that we've guided here for our Buildings business here in 2019.
George Oliver: Julian. When we looked at this, in total, for the total years, so we started to get hit with the 232s in 2018 and then subsequent to that the 301s, when you put order of magnitude across both, it's roughly about a – I'm going to say roughly about a $130 million, $140 million, and we saw about half of that come through in 2018. And I would tell you from a pricing standpoint as you all know, we got behind the price cost curve early in the year in 2018. We've been very aggressive with price through second, third and fourth quarter. We're in very good position right now from a cost standpoint taken into account, all of our inflationary costs including tariffs that on a go-forward basis here, we're going to start to see price cost being positive throughout the year, with the work that's been done from a pricing standpoint. So we feel that we've taken all of the 301s even the full – when you look at the 301s as it relates to China, all of the potential headwind that that would potentially create, we packed that into our cost base and we've taken the pricing actions to be able to offset that.
George Oliver: On the HVAC, when you look at our HVAC performance, I couldn't be more excited about the progress we've made relative to – with the new products that we brought into the market and then the expanded distribution that we've put into place across the globe. If you look at a couple of segments, our North America residential HVAC equipment revenue was up 21%. Now I would say that, that's to an easy compare from last year. But overall, when you look at whether it'd the favorable weather that Brian talked about, the channel expansion that we've made, the price realization, that gives me tremendous confidence here that we're gaining share and making a lot of progress with the new products we've launched. When you look at light commercial, when you look – we were up about mid-single digits, but that's to a much tougher compare from last year where we were up double digits. And then when you look at our global applied HVAC equipment business, we've launched a lot of new products in that space, we're beginning to see the pickup with those new products. Now globally, we're roughly at mid single-digit growth. But I would tell you in North America, the success of the products and the expansion that we've had, is driving double-digit growth in North America. So I'm very pleased with the progress we're making in that space.
George Oliver: Yes. So that was part of our challenge that we had with a little bit of volume and then the margin pressure that we had. I would tell you that most of it was driven by the mix. So when you look at our Power Solutions business last year, the compare we had a record year of volume fourth quarter of 2017. In 2018, our OE volume was up 5%, and then our aftermarket volume was down 2%. So that was a significant impact to the margin rate, organically, we showed 2% overall, and that was driven by price and mix. But then when you look at the mix between OE and aftermarket is what drove that margin pressure. That in addition to all of the headwinds that we've had with our transportation and logistics was – couldn't that has been offset, we had strong productivity, but if Power offset is the productivity that we achieved during the quarter. What I see going forward is more balanced mix, as we project the volumes here, as we get into 2019. We are seeing some decent volumes, given that this is our strong season, and I am encouraged based on the volumes, I see coming through, and that I think that will normalize the margin rate on a run rate basis, as we go through 2019.
George Oliver: Just a comment on that. When we look at CapEx, what we're going through is we're being very disciplined. I mean, we are investing, we are supporting the growth that we're achieving, and we're making sure that all of the capital expense that we incur is truly aligned to being able to achieve this accelerated growth. So I can assure you that from a payback standpoint, we're well positioned with these investments.
George Oliver: Yes. So, right out of the gate, Deane, as I took over last fall, this was front and center and we immediately embarked on putting some type processes around sales and putting the discipline and getting the right targets and getting the right incentives, and most important is segmenting the market and how we serve the market. And so when you look at our salesforce, we’ve got multiple segments, you have enterprise selling, you have HVAC equipment, you’ve got fire security, you’ve got long-term contracts, you’ve got short-term service. And so getting that right was very important. And so we did that across the board. And then we said, where is the market growth? How we’re going to compete? Where do we need to add? What skill sets do we need? And so by doing that, we’ve been adding through the course of the year, like I’ve said, we netted 950, and then within that making sure that as they’re ramping up within each one of their segments, that we have an expected level of production during that ramp up in every segment is a little bit different and how it works. But what I would tell you with the discipline, with the process, with the accountability, with the incentives, we’ve been exceeding the ramp up in each one of the segments. And so I have a lot of confidence here based on the output, we’re still expecting here from an order standpoint to be high-single digit order growth again through the year as we’re getting our salesforce up to speed. But I can assure you – and then through the process it also allows us to be able to address low performance, to make sure that, that we’re getting high quality sales people coming in, we’re giving them the right targets, they’re ramping up appropriately and ultimately delivering on the expectations of the reinvestment we’re making.
George Oliver: Yes, so we’re looking at all of that. So as you look at a business and the fundamentals of the business, the ability to be able to create value, short and long-term, we’ve taken all of that into account. And as we’re looking at not only continuing to run, I mean this is an incredible business with a market-leading position that is in an attractive vertical and it will be for some time and we’re focused on how do we continue to deliver value with that. And then making sure as we look longer-term that we can position it to be able to create the most amount of shareholder value. And it also factors in as we look at the portfolio and how the overall portfolio is performing, how do we continue to be positioned with optionality within Buildings, so that we can continue to strengthen our Buildings position because we do have an incredible platform there that I believe both with the combination of our strong product technologies and capabilities combined with our channel that we’re positioned extremely well now to be able to capitalize in that space. So we take all of that into consideration, we’ve gone through thorough reviews as we’ve gone through the process, we made a lot of progress, there’s been a lot of learning in some cases, but it’s making sure that we do what’s right, not only for our investors, as well as for the employees that are part of that business.
George Oliver: Yes. All of the indices that suggested this continued expansion, whether it be ABI or – there’s other indices on starts and the like, we’ve been very successful in being able to expand our footprint in capacity and at the same time also be able to get more attractive projects with the pricing that we’ve been putting into place in the market. So I’m feeling, I’m still pretty bullish at least over the next a year or two, that this is going to continue, based on what we’ve seen with the activity, what we’re quoting on, lot of the large projects that I’ve been involved with, with some of the key customers that we support. And so it’s hard to predict, I mean, I hear all the same reports that you hear and some of the concern that we’re at the mid or end of the cycle. And based on what I see today, I see it continuing and because of that we’re doing very well. I mean, we’re with the expanded footprint in the sales capacity that we put into place, we’re getting more than our fair share.
George Oliver: Yes. So we continued to review the Buildings portfolio, we have made a number of small divestitures that most don’t hit the radar screen. These are very small businesses that are distractions and we’ve continue to look at those. We’ve also made some small bolt-on acquisitions mainly in our Building Management Systems space. Overall, one of the divestitures you might have seen where, we did a – we entered into a JV with Con Ed on our distributed energy storage business here late in Q4. So there’s a lot of activity like that, that we’re working to clean up the portfolio. When you look at the overall 5% to 10%, I would say, we’re still in that range. These are businesses that when you look at our core strategy of strengthening, our HVAC platforms. And then leading in Building Management Systems, these are businesses that might not fit either of those two categories that are good businesses are running well in timing wise would be, what’s the way to be able to then potentially divest or reinvest that into core HVAC businesses and/or Building Management System. So as we review the portfolio that would be – we’re still in that ballpark 5% to 10% of the overall buildings portfolio.
George Oliver: Yes. So what I would say is that, right now we’re focused on – these acquisitions have been bolt-on mainly – bolt-on acquisitions, mainly driven by technology or capabilities that we felt as we’re looking at our organic investments required to ultimately lead and/or filling gaps inorganically. These are the size of businesses, so they’re relatively small in the grand scheme. Now, my belief is as we go forward and develop more capacity here, we’ll continue to look at opportunities to be able to take our platforms here and position them, so that we can continue to accelerate. So at this stage, our focus has been execution, driving strong organic growth with the investments we’re making. And then if there are gaps, we’ve been building a pipeline to fill some of the small gaps. So there’s been nothing significant at this stage.
George Oliver: Well, I mean I can’t speak for our team. I mean, I wouldn’t say that I’ve been directly involved in that type of dialog. But I would tell you our teams are absolutely assessing the current trends, it’s happening in HVAC and making sure that from a technology standpoint, we’re leading those trends. And when I think about the work we’re doing in our digital solutions, it’s being able to take all of the data that’s collected through these multiple systems, and then ultimately – not only optimize performance and reduce energy, but also now it’s tied to improving comfort, an individualizing comfort and a lot of other outputs with the work that we’re doing. So a lot of our work around digital solutions in the Controls piece of what we do in HVAC is a critical component to being able to achieve that outcome that I believe you’re talking about.
George Oliver: So, thanks again for all of you joining our call this morning. As you’ve seen, we’ve made a tremendous amount of progress in 2018, and we’re fully committed to build upon that momentum in 2019. And look forward to engaging with many of you here over the next coming days and weeks. So, operator, that concludes our call.
Brian Stief: So the guidance at 90% free cash flow for fiscal 2019 has in it, roughly $1 billion of CapEx. So on a comparable level with where we ended this year, Nigel. And as far as the special items for fiscal 2019, that represents really a lot of the integration costs and restructuring that we've taken as part of the whole JCI Tyco integration, if you recall the $1 billion and save over the four-year period, we've commented that was probably about a dollar for dollar cost to save and that really reflects the remaining portion of the cost to deliver the $1 billion. There are not any unusual or non-recurring tax items in that amount.
Brian Stief: It will be certainly closer than it's been in the past, I think 2019 could be quarter-to-quarter, may be a little choppy. But for the year pretty normalized and then when we get to 2020, it should be back very close.
Brian Stief: I would just add to that. I think the way to think about the impact of the hurricane and Power, it was probably, roughly a $0.01 in the quarter impact to us.
Brian Stief: I would look – I think in terms of probably a third of the CapEx will be Power Solutions and two-thirds Buildings and corporate.
Brian Stief: Yes, I mean, I think there’s probably, when you think about Buildings CapEx versus Power CapEx, there’s probably 10% to 15% difference in conversion between Power Solutions and the Buildings business. So…
Brian Stief: No, I think historically, we’ve been about 19%, 20% EPS in the first couple of quarters, probably just short of 30% in the third quarter and then low 30%s in the fourth quarter, based upon the plan that we put together, we don’t see any major shifts from that Steve.
Brian Stief: Yes, when we did the review, I mean there were certainly things that came out. But there was nothing that was deferred into 2019. I mean, we did it strictly as George mentioned on a return on invested capital basis, and if it didn’t have the payback, it’s something we’re not going to move forward with. So I don’t think you should view the reduction in CapEx in 2018 as something that closed into 2019. 2019 will be evaluated on a stand-alone basis between the businesses.
Brian Stief: Yes. I would say as it relates to that. Just, I think the way to think about it is, these are smaller businesses that would be transacted over time, and it’s probably a multi-year journey that we’re talking about that gets to that 5% to 10%. And I think as we’ve talked about in the past to the extent that there are non-core Tyco businesses that could be sold as you’re aware, we can use the proceeds from the sale of those businesses to pay down the original Tyco TSarl debt of $4 billion, which as we sit here today is now down to like $1.4 billion after a couple of years. So, that would be another item that would be taken into consideration as we think about some of the portfolio moves.
