Alex Molinaroli: A lot of this is more of the same. We’ve a lot more opportunity in metals just in the program that we have today and the other thing that is important to note is, as our backlog changes in metals, in particular we are moving from 3 to 4 different product lines because of the different companies that are being integrated to one set of SKUs and product lines for each one of the components. And that's going to lower our costs on an ongoing basis, that will be further down the road, but that's an expectation we have as the metals continues to evolve. The other thing is – and we talk about equity income and that's where a lot of our growth is going to be in the future because of the fact that the growth in China and where we're going to make the investments and with our partners. We want to maximize that as much as possible, and we just still have – because of our pricing discipline, we’ve the opportunity to continue to increase margins in our mature markets. So I think there is not one single thing. Our equity income is going to continue to increase at a fairly rapid rate, but I also think there's still improvement within our business, our core business, particularly around components and in Europe.
Alex Molinaroli: Well, it's interesting that you asked that question. Actually I would turn what you’re calling convert if you look at our pipeline to hit ratio, that is how our team would look at it and that has actually gone up. We do a fairly good job of making sure that we filter out our opportunities. So one of the things that has happened is our hit rate has gone up and that makes me believe that the pipeline is very healthy. Also, the reason around it I think is sustainable. When you start seeing the institutional market and the larger projects start to get on the board. I think you’re starting to feel some confidence that the market is going to respond. To be real specific, all the verticals institution, with the exception of the state government and I think that has to do mostly with the fact that we had this huge Hawaii project in our pipeline last year – have increased, some more than others. In particular we’re seeing a rebound in healthcare which has really hurt us over the past few years. So I guess I'm not going to – the confidence level I have is I'm making sure that everyone realizes I do see a significant change in what's happening. We're not out of the woods yet, but the fact that we are able to see what we saw on a continual basis over the last three months and what's happened in our pipeline. I just feel a heck of a lot better about it.
Alex Molinaroli: Actually the one thing underneath everything is our focus on services increase, as you would guess because of the lack of capital projects. So our service business has been growing at a fairly good clip, particularly our planned services. Our retrofit business is growing, the pipeline is pretty strong. Our pipeline is about equal – just to make sure you understand, our pipeline is about equal in our energy solutions business, but you’ve to remember we had the largest project ever of that we secured in December of last year with Hawaii. And so with Hawaii and last year compared to the pipeline we’ve today with no project like that, it's about at the same level. So really pretty much across the board we're seeing some strength.
Alex Molinaroli: Well, the Hawaii impact, it was over $100 million. I think it was around $120 million. It ended up being a $140 million project, but I think we had discounted about $120 million in our backlog. So, that's a good question, because when we see the results of our quarter, if we're able to secure similar to what we did last year in BE. I would say that the real growth in that, you'd have to take that $100 million project and discount what you see in the numbers. But the pipeline supports that we will have a continued growth throughout the year, but we won't have a $100 million project.
Alex Molinaroli: So there was a couple price increases over the year. The UPG segment had a price increase back in the spring and then we announced another price increase which was really much across the board. Now, it wasn't – every channel and every product didn't get the same price increase, but pretty much across the board we went for a price increase and what we're seeing so far for the most part, that the industry is following us. Right now we have tempered our expectation, so we've discounted a little bit of volume because of our price increase. But our expectation – and it will be in our guidance, in our plan – is we built in the net effect of the price increase. We do think that there could be some discounting down the road, but right now things seem to be sticking.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes and we will cover that in some detail in December, but the bottom-line for that was that we had a business that was becoming very dependent on our branches for decades. And in order for us to be able to support multiple channels, we needed to disconnect the two organizations and make sure we built a world class product and distribution company. The core of BE and that we continue to focus our branch business and being a great service and delivery organization and a channel for our BE products. So it was built to give ourselves some transparency and our ability to manage more effectively the products that we put in the portfolio and the new distribution that we are putting in place. So that's the strategic rationale.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, I don't know that there would be any impact yet, but I can tell you from an internal perspective, people are asking questions that they've never asked before, because there is a whole different set of dependencies or lack of a codependency that there used to be in the past. So I expect really good things. I expect us to be more efficient and I expect us to be able to pick up our pace as it relates to new products and our ability to support our channels, but I can't really say that anything has happened yet, but I feel really good about the change.
Alex Molinaroli: No, we're not there. Yes, we've got a ways to go which is I'll treat that as opportunity. We won't get to those levels till we get through, first, making sure that the backlog that we’ve that we’re as effective as we can and then as we start transitioning our product line to a single product line where we’re able to get the real cost efficiencies. So that's going to take a while, but we've got that opportunity in front of us.
Alex Molinaroli: We've gone it a long way since the last time we had a chance to talk about this. In fact, I will be heading over there myself in a couple weeks. We've got a few things that we need to work through, but I think we're pretty close to hammering out the few issues that we have. It's been a lot slower than we expected. I think it was much more complicated than it was when we got involved. I'm still a little bit leery about giving you a date, but I'm just hopeful when we get together here over the next couple of months, we are able to talk about a date. But we're getting – it's closer than it was yesterday and I apologize I can't have better information.
Alex Molinaroli: From a strategic standpoint, in fact you're right. I wanted to make it very clear that at this time we're not making out any other major portfolio moves and the seating business, along with our interior joint venture that we have are core to us being successful in the future. And when we talk in December, you'll understand some of the rationale. First off, the China opportunity for us is outstanding and it's based off our relationships with our partners and so we don't want to – we want to take advantage and exploit that and I'm not sure we get the fair value for that in the first place. I'm not sure we're getting fair value today for that to be honest with you. And then the second thing that's really important to us is that we make sure that we take the expertise that we’re getting out of the automotive business because of the demands of our customers and leverage that across our enterprise. So, one of the things that the automotive business brings to us around program management, our purchasing and engineering capability, our manufacturing capabilities and supply chain work, is world class because it has to be. And we're able to take those resources, take those people and take those processes and put it across our enterprise. So when you think about that business and what value it brings to Johnson Controls. I think we’ve to look past just the seating business and in the interior business and what value it creates regionally with our footprint and what value it creates intrinsically inside our organization. Bruce, you can give them some of the numbers that we are looking to get.
Alex Molinaroli: I will talk at that from a strategic level. We're not really ready to talk because GWS will be the first place where we see some cash coming in. We're committed to our share repurchase program at this point. There is no reason with our cash flows that we can't continue on that program and so we've got a couple more years to go with that. As it relates to the use of proceeds for GWS, we’ve a significant amount of ideas, more ideas than we have resources. In a way they help continue to transform this business from an operationally capable business into adjacencies and other markets that we can support that are going to be outside of automotive. So I'm hopeful that we’re going to redeploy that cash in a way that helps us build more growth platforms, that's what we need.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes. So, I actually don't have the numbers in front of me. One of the things that's been a drag to our margins all year is we've had some nagging large contracts in the Middle East and that has distorted our numbers off and on during the year. Brian, you probably have a view of that right now – but that's one of the things that I would look for. And the other thing that we weren't happy about is you saw our residential business didn't perform at the same levels and that's a high margin business, too. Those are the two things I would point at, but the business that we are getting in the applied side is a good margin business, but it was in our backlog.
Alex Molinaroli: So if I look at 2015 and see what we're dependent on, the external market, I think that we still, even though there is a bit of a slowdown in China. We're outperforming the market in China. I think that will continue. We have lots of opportunity there. I think we have been very smart, very clever and judicious on how we've allocated our resources in the mature markets for our automotive business. So I think our margins will continue there. The backlog is pretty much known and I think if something – absent something that happened a few years ago, I think we'll be fine. Our power solutions business, one of the things that's really interesting is that we almost sold 1 million units of AGM batteries in North America, that may not seem like a lot of units, but if you remember last quarter, I think – I can't remember what I said – that we were up some godly amount of percent but we were up another 300% this quarter. And so if that starts to take off, the mix is going to help in power solutions. It won't just be a European story. And I think that the China story is still intact as it relates to power solutions. That opportunity is there. It's just right there in front of us, we need to grab it. And in building efficiency, I'm really bullish – we need the market to help us – but I'm really bullish that we're going to fix a lot of the issues that we had for us in places like the Middle East and the other thing that I'm bullish about is the changes that we have made in the organization are going to help us regardless of what the market does for us to be able to pull through on some of the products that we currently have in our portfolio. So I think next year – I'm not saying it's all in the bag but I'm more worried in the long term about the growth than I'm about next year.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, so I think the simple answer on that as it relates to the – it's actually smoother now than it was as compared to something that wasn't so smooth. I think this was kind of the new normal about how the quarters will flow. So we shouldn't see that as much of a whipsaw this coming year as we did last year.
Alex Molinaroli: In the end, I think it's really not going to matter. What will happen – the only thing that can happen if we don't get strong early sales is there will be one less cycle at the end of winter. This weather thing has been killing us the last few years. And so I think what we have done is smartly try to manage our inventory and not forecast sales and historically try to get where we are forecasting sales in a much more conservative way because we haven't been able to predict. If you’ve a good way of predicting the units, I would be open to it, but our tried and true methods haven't worked the last couple of years.
Alex Molinaroli: Yes, so I just want to close – I want to thank our 170,000 employees. It's an outstanding accomplishment. I couldn't be more proud to be a part of this team and lead this team. The folks that you hear on the phone and all the people that support us that really do the work. It's been outstanding, particularly with all the distractions. All the anxiety and distractions inside this organization and this team has stayed focused, proud to be a part of it. Look forward to the coming year and I look forward to seeing you folks in December.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I would maybe just add to that, Brian to Alex's point, we're probably in the lower 2% – 3% right now from a North American and European perspective because we are working that through. But if you look at our metals business that we have right now in China which is about a $500 million or $600 million business, that business where we do have the 2B product portfolio and we have the manufacturing processes standardized. So we don't have the integration, we started it fresh, that business is at the 10% – 11% margins right now. So we're confident we can get there. We're there in China, but it takes a long time for these customer programs to roll-off and for us to retool our metals facilities.
Bruce McDonald: Okay. Like I think I talked about earlier, it's pretty early in the process. We're working with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. We've put together you can say an offering, memorandum and we've met with a number of folks that are interested and we're coming up to the point in the process where we're going to get expressions of interest and then decide on a shorter list who are going to go forward in the process. But it's very early days and I think we are in good shape. There is a lot of interest. The business has performed well, so we got I think a lot of good things going for us. And from a timing perspective, we are probably 3 to 6 months – it's probably late Q2, I guess I would say is when we hopefully get to be in a position where we announce something and then, depending on who the buyer is we’ve to go through the normal regulatory process, but that's the timeframe. In terms of your question then about is there any shareholder value implications, I think clearly with some of the people that are interested in the business that are already in that – the strategic players that are already in that space, what it does provide as you think about the reason we got into the facilities management business was to provide a channel for our products. And so to the extent we sell GWS to another strategic buyer it broadens the channel that we’ve available to us to sell our products to. So, as we're thinking through this divestment and particularly with the strategic buyers, then structuring an arrangement where we would have access to their expanded portfolio of real estate and customers is a key thing that we are looking at. So, we hope to get that, but we may not. And then I think second part of that question would be how we choose to redeploy the cash and I guess we haven't really commented publicly on what we're going to do with the money. Right now I would say we're focused on getting the money.
Bruce McDonald: Yes, I would say that. I'm not suggesting we are necessarily going to get that level in fiscal 2015 here, but that is certainly our goal over the next few years.
Bruce McDonald: I think what we said about power solutions at our Analyst Day last year was we felt we had a couple hundred basis points of margin expansion left in power solutions and that the pace of that was going to be around 50 basis points a year. I know there is some analysts that think the pace should be faster than that 50 basis points a year, but I would point to the fact that we are stepping up our investment in some of the advanced battery things and particularly the micro hybrid and dual voltage 48 volt type systems. So we’re spending more money here because as we look longer out beyond say, a three year or a four year period that that could be an important growth driver for us. So, we’re investing in that area. The LIFO accounting change, maybe I have confused folks with that in the past. We've normalized each year from an accounting perspective, but we talked about the fact that we made that accounting change. We did some things because we are on LIFO that were not how you would optimally run that business and so what you are really looking at is two different years' results under the same accounting treatment. But in the prior year, we ran the business one way in terms of when we procured lead cores or when we have run our inventory of cores low versus when the market price was high or low. Now we can take advantage of when there is market seasonality in lead prices and buying more inventory when it makes the most sense and the same thing with our production. We can smooth our production more in-line with seasonal demand, and so the choppiness that we've seen this year is really those two items that have sort of confused things-- It's really just going to be where are we going to get the other 150 basis points which we still have headwind against us I would say in terms of investing in advanced technology, but our China business continues to be – it's an area that we’re investing in to add more footprint and so not dilutive to our margins. And then the other point that Alex referred to is the increasing mix shift that we’re going to see as AGM becomes a bigger portion of the pipe.
