Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So Scott, if you look at that growth in backlog of 10%, almost $13 billion in backlog. The mix remains consistent year-over-year because a lot of those data centers, as George mentioned, are multiyear. There is clearly more data center work in that $12.9 billion. But that mix will continue to evolve more towards the data center as we churn that backlog. We will maintain our definition of backlog as what we see in revenue for the next 12 months. And with that consistency, you'll see a change over time, more tilted towards the higher growing segments of the market.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: And that revenue multiplier evolves based on market vertical and product line. So -- we've tried to lay that out on that chart. HVAC is a multiplier that's a little lower than 10 turn, while you go to Security Controls and then Fire provides the higher level of multiplier over the life cycle of the product. So depending on the market vertical, depending on the product, that multiplier expands, but this is a real experience data that we've looked through over the past few years, and we believe we can continue to deliver that that through operating model we've now implemented.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Great question, Steve. So you're right, we saw a really solid improvement year-on-year, and the momentum year-to-date has been quite strong. We're seeing working capital fundamentals continuously improving and continue to trending very positively. The work we've done on lowering inventory and improving our SOE S&OP process have allowed us to really drive overall more predictability to the working capital. As far as that 85-plus conversion for the year, we continue to invest aggressively in parts of the market that are attractive to us, particularly increasing the capacity in our data centers as we expand more lines in our factory in North America and elsewhere as well as continue to involve the investment in our ERP landscape. We do believe that the momentum allows us to probably do better than 85%. And structurally, in over term, we'll be able to continue to improve on that. But as of today, I'll tell you, 85 plus is where we're comfortable.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes, we'll start providing guidance next quarter on continued operation you're right, there's going to be a little bit of noise, but we are very comfortable that the overall algorithms we've committed to for next year will hold through as we navigate to that continued operation. As you know, some of that residential, like commercial business had solid cash flow. But the momentum that we see in our core business, thanks to that singular operating model, is really providing strong tailwinds that will allow you to continue to improve on our free cash flow conversion and our overall free cash flow performance.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So from a timeline, no, we took the charge in Q2 for $750 million. That's part of the settlement. And in the third quarter, we had received from the first few agreements with a venture of about $351 million. So we recovered almost half right off the bat. And those payments will go back to the water provider according to our agreement. There's more payments that are going to come and come in over the next few quarters, and we believe that we're well covered from an insurance standpoint, and the net effect overall will be de minimis. The timing between recoveries and we see -- in payments may slip from one quarter to the other. But overall, we think we're in good shape there.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Sure. Thanks, Joe. The fourth quarter guide we just gave is for the full payment of the company. We'll start breaking it down at the next quarter. So that guide really holds together, with perspective that we are going to continue to see sequential improvement, both for the business that we have contemplating to divest as well as the core of our businesses. Now if you look at the global product margin and if you reflect on the year, Global Products really has benefited from improved processes from an SOE S&OP process that really drove massive improvement in our material handling and our or inventory. And that improved inventory management, created massive absorption benefit as well as productivity and net-net better conversion costs. That means that any incremental volume you saw created good leverage and solid leverage in that business. Now that performance in Q3 that we see continuing improving in Q4, as you look into 2025, we'll go back to a more regular seasonality, right? So you'll see that the first half of the year performance more in mid-teens, given the volume that businesses in the first six months of the year. And then I think we are now very comfortable seeing that business clocking in the 20s in the second half of the year as a natural seasonality and volume ramp up in the second half.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. Let me start with ADT, and then I'll give some color on destock. But George, you can add more. So that business, we signed on June 18, we expect to close the transaction actually this quarter. We've not disclosed the financial terms of the business because it is a smaller transaction and really not that material. I think what's important to remember is this is really part of our simplification journey. We really eliminating, I'm sorry, about 30% of our manufacturing footprint, but we're also eliminating a whole series of SKU and complexity. This is a very commodity business, and accessory business and it's evolved a lot over the past decade since we acquired that business. But it's an important step in our journey as a prepaid provider. And the net effect of that divestiture after we buy back some shares is immaterial to the overall company. On destocking…
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: On destocking, I think we see a stock level getting back hopefully to normalization. There are some pockets of the market that are still and simplifying a little bit their stock level. But overall, I think that for most part, that large destocking is behind us. And we feel very confident, particularly when product have been refreshed that we have a new norm and a new standard on our stock levels, and the distribution seems to be holding up pretty good.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Got you, Jeff. So on disc ops, this is not changing any of our commitment and is actually -- we feel very comfortable with where we've guided from a full portfolio as well as where we think the continued operating business will go. As far as the use of proceeds and what we plan on doing, so we expect the transaction to close in next 12 months. And we plan to return most of the net proceeds to shareholders through a share repurchase program, very similarly to what we did a few years ago when we divested our Battery Power Solutions business. As far as addressing our leverage, it will very much depend on the timing of the closing. We're thinking 12 months, but it could go three months either way. And so we could easily see ourselves growing into our existing debt level and not have to redeploy much or we could see ourselves in the transaction close much, much quicker than we anticipating having to address some leverage at that point. Our goal is to remain committed to our investment-grade rating, and we'll work with the agency, depending on the timeline as to what's most appropriate to be able meet that commitment. And I'll leave it at that.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: No. Great question. And you partially answered it. Yes, we continue to see sequential improvement. There is a slower recovery than we had initially anticipated. So one of the reasons we tightened the guide for the year and why you see a revenue growth a little lower than we anticipated, but that momentum has continued to build. And the order intake we saw in Q3 was sequentially a good improvement from Q2, and we see that sequential improvement continue in Q4. While we expect one more challenging quarter in the fourth quarter here, we're still probably declining revenue year-on-year in the low single digits. That of the momentum is going to turn positive positioning as well as we enter 2025. So we absolutely see that business recovering in 2025, particularly on a year-on-year compare. The comps are going to become easier given the challenging year we just went through. The backlog, as you mentioned, has been sequentially improving over the last few quarters, and we continue to redeploy the resource in this most attractive part of the market, but we continue to remain very disciplined in the type of job and counterparty we deal with in the market in China as that market continues to be pretty challenging.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. As I mentioned, Deane, while this is a critical step in our simplification journey, the financial terms are not disclosed because they're really -- it's really a smaller transaction and not very material for the overall value of the enterprise. We struck what we feel is a very attractive deal for the enterprise with trolling capital. We're hoping to close that business very, very quickly and hopefully within the next few weeks.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: As you know, we try to shy away from providing guidance on all those. But what I can tell you is you're absolutely right. We see lumpiness in the orders, particularly coming from the data center vertical. That also means that there's going to going to be a quarter where you're to see very large order, and we continue see an increased pipeline in that particular vertical. That gives us confidence that you will see a pretty large order quarters over the next few coming quarters. This particular last quarter, we have a tough compare year-on-year. We had very solid orders, particularly in the in the data center vertical third quarter of last year. But again, that pipeline remains self, and that lumpiness will probably not go away anytime soon.
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: We absolutely have strong visibility to it. And if you look year-on-year, for sure that 19% looks pretty heavy with 250 to 300 basis points year-on-year improvement. But now if you look at it sequentially, when we went from Q2 to Q3 and Q3 to Q4, jumping from almost 18% 19% is absolutely part of that sequential run rate. The same fundamental we saw from Q2 to Q3 having a strong backlog, having really our book-to-bill business both in the field and our Global Products continuing to driving more volume. And the comments I've made on Global Products and the incredible work that's been done there to take care of the base cost and conversion cost, allowing us to really drive a lot of bottom line benefit for small volume increment, gives us very strong confidence that we can achieve that margin rate in the fourth quarter.
George Oliver: The algorithm that we've been working for multi-years now as we've been building the service business depends on -- it starts with the installed base, Scott, relative to not only what we're putting into the installed base, but going after the existing installed base. When we can, right out of the gate, get connectivity and ultimately, that first level service and then now with OpenBlue and connectivity with the use of data, the significant value proposition that we add on to the -- what would be historical maintenance and break/fix. And so as we now are seeing that over the last couple of years, we're getting to that level of multiple relative to what we see on a run rate basis that over the lifecycle can achieve that level of revenue. So that is real data with customers that we've had connectivity. We've had installed base connectivity. We're using data, and we're now adding on additional services. That is absolutely real.
George Oliver: I think it's important, Scott, that we're -- it's really tied to outcomes versus just the traditional buy-the-drink type service. And so as we're now converting not only the technology and the product, but with our OpenBlue and data that, that really changes the game. And then from an attrition standpoint, it significantly reduces the attrition, which continues to build our base going forward for service going forward.
George Oliver: Great question. So let's start first with the 3% for the full year. Really, we had a lot of cyber headwind in the first quarter that if you did somewhat that growth rate year-on-year. So I'll tell you for longer-term algorithm, 3% is absolutely what absolutely what -- not our expectation would be. It'd be closer to mid-single digits, and that's really on the basis of a mid- to high single-digit growth in our service business and a mid-single-digit growth into our systems business overall. And so those fundamentals driving a better mix overall are different depending on the different product line. And right now, HVAC is benefiting from a lot of tailwind coming from decarbonization, data center and other market verticals that have really propped up the growth there. And you're right. We've seen a little bit of softness overall in the market on Fire & Security this year. We are seeing, particularly in our book-and-bill business, some sign of recovery, and we think can maintain that mid-single-digit growth over time for that business. As the service and recurring component aspect of that business will continue to be higher than mid-digit target.
George Oliver: The timing of this, I mean, we've made great progress on our portfolio with the moves we've recently made. I think it's clear that we have a lot of confidence now in the strategy playing out, and we're starting to see that -- the results from that. And we've also put a strong leadership and team, and I'm very confident of their capabilities and the work that they're doing that's going to position the company to continue to be successful. Now the Board -- working with the Board, we've had succession plans that we've been building over time. So that's well underway, and we're looking at both internal and external candidates. The Board is engaged directly with a national recognized search firm and making sure we're also looking and developing at our internal candidates. So it's hard to find the timeline, but we are moving forward. And as far as myself, I couldn't be more committed and more passionate and energized relative to where we are committed to make sure that we see through a very smooth transition to my successor, and then I'll continue on as Chairman of the Board. So that's kind of where we are. We'll keep you up-to-date as we make progress through the year and through the remainder of the year and keep you updated.
George Oliver: Let me just frame this up here. We did -- just going back, we reached a settlement with plaintiffs relating to the PFAS liability. The -- this settlement obviously resolved a significant amount of our PFAS liability. Just also, you might recall that, when it comes to July 2023, that we're going to discontinue the production of the sale of our fluorinated firefighting foams by June of 2024, which is what we've done. So that's behind us. And we have a significant amount of insurance through more than 20 insurers that is applicable to these claims. And so that's the framework. And you've seen that we did received 351 from our insurers. And maybe, Marc, you can talk about as we -- what we expect going forward.
George Oliver: Yes, being very familiar with these businesses, when you look at what we've done around, Marc mentioned it, as it related to productivity with material planning and the like, and then the work that our team has done really simplifying our SKU base, we've done a really nice job now, not only reducing the inventory, but really decreasing our lead times. And so I think we're well positioned now from a commercial standpoint, to be able to pick up volume because of our short lead times while we're continuing to reduce inventory. So we're back to where we were prior to this ramp-up because of all of the disruption in the supply chain. And I feel confident that now on a run rate basis from a growth standpoint, we're starting to see the come back and we're doing it with less inventory.
George Oliver: Great question. So the discipline that we've put in place is really part of our overall operating model. And operating model really started as we refined it in North America a couple of years back. And you can see North America really benefiting from that discipline over time and that focus. There's really two things that are happening. We centralize more the decision-making process as which vertical and which markets we really approach. And we really focus that commercial organization towards those parts of the market where we see a very much attractive margin as we can sell value and we have customers that are interested in our product and see value over that cycle, but also parts of the market where you see a stronger service attach. And when you do that, you're able to actually drive modest growth in the system business but a much larger growth in our service business as that service attach yields better outcome overall. So that's that operating system has been really fully deployed in North America. That's probably where the maturity is at the highest. EMEA/LA still going through that. I see EMEA,LA closing the gap with its regional peers. Asia had a strong operating model. I think the market moved on us very fast, and we are repivoting as quick as we can. But you'll see, as I mentioned on the prior question, you'll see APAC repivoting very quickly, and that operating model maturing across the board outside of North America, including in EMEA/LA.
George Oliver: Absolutely. We're incredibly well positioned with all of our hyperscaler and colos customers. And from an R&D standpoint, understanding what their next generation is. How do we leverage our -- what we would say is a leadership portfolio with a lot of IP? And then as we go to liquid cooling, with the cooling distribution unit at the end of -- it's still going to require a lot of the cooling technology that we deploy on making sure that we're going to be positioned either producing those units and/or partnering to make sure that we have the full solution and how position with our hyperscalers and colos. And so we see this playing out as an incredible opportunity for us and one that we've been investing in not only in our core technology, but our application of that technology with overall liquid cooling.
George Oliver: Well, I mean as we think about the company and the simplification of the company, it's important that we bring a lot of domain expertise and industrial expertise. We're a company that is a product technology company. We're a service company and how we deploy that technology. Certainly, we're solutions in how we actually go to market. So there's a lot of experiences there that we'd be looking for to complement. As we did the Board refreshment with Patrick, just to talk to that a little bit, we are constantly looking for qualified board candidates and how we think about refresh and succession. And Patrick is a fantastic addition, a world-class executive with experience transforming Xylem, and similar experience going from an industrial products company into an advanced technology service solution enterprise. So as we think about CEO succession and the like, obviously, strong operating experience, strong domain experience and the ability to be able to take the incredible foundation that we've built here to the next level, leading the new Johnson Controls.
George Oliver: And I think just to add on to that, when you look at the value proposition that we bring to data centers with our portfolio multi-technologies, in the way that we've been building out capacity to be able to serve our customers as they achieve their growth, these become multiyear agreements. And so as we're positioning, you can get very large orders multiyear. And that's what we're seeing as we're partnering and making sure that we're positioned to get more than our fair share bringing our technologies and capabilities with the full solution to our customers globally.
George Oliver: Thank you, operator, and I'd like to thank the entire Johnson Controls team for their incredibly hard work and dedication in getting us to where we are today. Our transformation into our pure-play provider of comprehensive solutions commercial buildings is substantially complete, and we're well positioned to now deliver long-term sustainable value for our shareholders as a simpler, higher growth company. We know we're on the right path as our strategy is already delivering results, and we are looking forward to this next chapter for our company. I am proud of the growth Johnson Controls has been able to achieve and couldn't be more excited about where we go next. So with that, operator, that concludes our call today.
