Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. That's a great question. Well first, I hope it came through in my comments. It was a very frustrating - literally because of the - because of when the end of the fiscal year happened. I believe it was like over the weekend, a lot of this came to light at the very, very end, as it relates to the continued resolution and what that meant to the different agencies we do business with. They actually didn't realize that they were going to be curtailed because of the uncertainty. So you're right, the budget looks like it's going to get resolved. We're not sure what the resolution exactly is going to be. We would expect some of these projects to come back soon. But we also know that some of them may not come back right away because a lot of these projects are the type of projects that come at the end of the year when agencies find that they have additional funds in their budget. So I think it's going to be a mixed bag of us being able to get some of these projects in earlier than waiting for the end of the year. But it certainly wasn't something that we expect. The good news on any of this, if there's any, is that these projects typically are very large and very, very slow moving, so that's not going to have a real huge impact on us this year. But it was disappointing because we have such a strong pipeline and such a lot of momentum in that business. The team was just really deflated when they were kind of dealt this curveball here over that weekend. But the pipeline is as strong as it was when we talked about it two quarters ago. And last quarter, what we see is secured pipeline. It looks very strong, particularly in all - in the institutional vertical markets. We continue to add salespeople, and so I think what we're going to - we'll continue to see growth. I would consider - I think what I hope everyone takes away from this is this is not a change. What this is was something that was just something we couldn't predict and for us we do an awful lot of business with the federal government, so it was a significant blow to us. But I'm just as strong, if not more bullish because if you look at where, we talked about one quarter, and then two quarters and three quarters and I think we're - our line of sight is over the next couple quarters, we should continue to see strong orders.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. Yeah. I don't know that it was planned investment spending. I do think that what we can't predict at the end of each and every quarter is when - how our customers are going to order - get it where they get ready for - as they get ready for the winter months. What I would expect, in fact I was with one of our customer yesterday, is what I would expect is that some of the profits that we saw in this quarter may have been in a different year next quarter, so I think it's a little fungible quarter-to-quarter. But as it relates to the slowdown in the aftermarket, I think what our team is seeing overall - let's use North America I guess as the best proxy. Is they're seeing a 3% to 4% growth. And in fact our team would tell you right now they're struggling to get batteries to be prepared for the winter. We're really concerned about our service levels so absent whatever is going to happen with the weather I can't really control that. Our biggest challenge right now is to make sure that we do have batteries to be prepared. So I think that's good. And then AGM as far as where we are on that is we are capacity constrained. We're building as fast as we possibly can and hopefully we have to get through the allocation. All in all a positive
Alex Molinaroli: That's true. Yeah. I did see actually - that's a good point, Bruce. I did see in some of the forecast that we have some launch costs in China specifically and as we start to use our global network for batteries, we probably are going to have some additional expense cost as we move batteries around versus capital cost.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. I really don't - I really - I guess with the numbers I saw, I really don't know if I got to the root cause of it. It's not something that to be concerned about.
Alex Molinaroli: I'd just add to that. I think in the fourth quarter the building efficiency team did a pretty good job of addressing early on some actions it was going to take from an SG&A standpoint and there was a benefit in the fourth quarter from some of those actions that they were able to accelerate versus some of the other actions that relate to the restructuring charge we took in the fourth quarter likely won't happen until sometime during fiscal 2016. So there was a bit of a benefit there as well.
Alex Molinaroli: I'm going to turn this over to Bruce because he's so deeply into this, but I just want to address that last piece as it relates to what our competitors may or may not be saying. I'm not privy to that but I think that that's probably - I actually think that our position with our competitor is probably more about the fact that the way we manage the business today, not about who we're going to be tomorrow. Because if you think about how we manage the business today, we've very selective in the way that we allocate capital and how we compete within the Automotive business, particularly the Seating business in North America and Europe. That doesn't necessarily mean the way that Bruce and his team will run it in the future. So I think that when you hear our competition talk about it it's probably less to do about the spend and more to do about the fact that as a whole Johnson Controls has had a capital allocation strategy that may have benefited. That's the only way that I can relate to that comment. But as far as how they spend is going and why it takes so long I think Bruce probably has a couple of facts that he can give you.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. I don't have it on the top of my head. I think and maybe we can follow this one up, Emmanuel, but I'd say just look at that seating margins were up 90 basis points in the quarter, 5.9% versus 5% last year. Interiors, in my comments I talked about some of the noise that's in their around the wind down cost, the fact that it's flipping from pre-tax number to post-tax number now. The fact that we've got cost to set up the new joint venture flowing through those numbers. So you're quite right, there's a lot of noise. We do intend next year to continue to show seating and interior separate. And I think as we sort of hit our stride on getting the JV set up here, I think it's up to us to maybe do a bit better job educating folks on what the interior piece of it is going to look like, because I think that's where the confusion is coming about. I think the street had auto margins being about 70 or 80 basis points higher than we came in at. And I think that was because they sort of looked at last year's segment income in interiors and figured that would repeat. And that's where you see the 30 million year-over-year delta. So I think there is a lot of moving points and it's something that we can do a better job, and we will in Q1.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. I guess what I would say is first off, as I thought about GWS, I never really thought about it in the context of being part of the BE and the construction projects. What I mean by that is that the way that we're going to market, the way that we're selling our products, whether it be ADTI, whether it be our Hitachi products, whether it be our strengthening of the other products that go through distribution not only in North America but around the world, we've gone through a place where 75% of our business used to be backlog ex, not including GWS. Just separate GWS out. Now it's something that's around 50% or less and probably continuing to be less and less. And so what I just wanted to say is that over time, we're going to have to make sure that we don't - that we continue to give you the information that you want to see around our projects and our projects business moving forward. But our projects business moving forward will continue to be important, but it won't be the dominant part of our business in the future. And so that's really what the comment means. In fact, you can see our ongoing sales have continued to increase adjusted for FX, and our backlog has been under pressure. And so I'm just pointing out that that's becoming more and more disconnected. That's it.
Alex Molinaroli: Absolutely. I think it speaks to when we talk about having multiple channels, multiple ways to getting to the market and serving the market more broadly than just the complex market and becoming much more of a product company. I think all of these things, this whole conversation is really an outcome or an attribute of how we're going to go to market and what kind of products we're going to sell. We'll become more and more talking about our product sales and less and less pivoting on the contracting part of our business. That's all.
Alex Molinaroli: Great question. So we're going to talk about - this is a good pivot to talk about our December analyst day. We're going to have, you know, all of these conversations are going to be in real detail because one of the things you should expect from us is that I don't think we've done a great job. I do think our capital allocation strategy has become much more robust in the last couple of years but I think philosophically we need to talk more about that. We'll do that in December. How are we going to make these decisions? What process and insight analytics and what metrics are we going to use? Not only what parts of our business need to be levered because they have strength as it relates to adding geography and technologies but also where we have gaps and how we would do that and what kind of metrics we'd be? Because I've gotten a lot of feedback from individuals I'm sure, you also, to make sure that we continue with a disciplined capital allocation strategy and we'll talk about that in December. So I think that you should keep that in mind understanding that we know that we need to add capabilities and take advantage of some of our portfolio to make it stronger. We also have realized that we need to make responsible capital allocation choices. More in December.
Alex Molinaroli: I think I would say not so much on any launches at this point in time but I do think there are a couple of OEs that are rethinking or possibly going to defer some capacity increases.
Alex Molinaroli: Yeah. Just a couple. I mean, first, it's become an enjoyable broken record to thank our employees for everything that they've accomplish over the last quarter and now you got the opportunity to thank them for what we've accomplished over the last year. It's quite outstanding. I certainly don't want to leave anyone out when I think about whatever our employees accomplished in each one of our businesses. They performed extremely well in each one of our geographies depending on what they've faced. They face with different challenges and opportunities and I think we've got opportunities. We've exploited them and I think where we had challenges we went over to mitigate those challenges. And then if you look at our corporate teams and our teams that are supporting our portfolio transformation, not much can be said except I think each one of these transactions and each one of the things that we've accomplished I feel absolutely proud of what we've been able to make happen, not only from the standpoint of the time that it took to do it but the outcomes. We hopefully get to see everyone in New York in December. I think it's going to be an important meeting, one of the most important meetings we've ever had in New York because we're going to talk about the remaining Johnson Controls and our strategy moving forward. So we'll bring more and more clarity around that. We're going to give you details around the automotive spin, which I think there is a need for everyone to understand that so it can help you put the right values down in your models as you move forward. And once again I just want to thank you for your interest and hope you have a great day. Take care.
Bruce McDonald: I think one point around the investment, we are opening up our plant in China, our partnership AGM batteries out of China. So there is going to start to be some heavier investment in China next year versus this year around some of those new capacity adds.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. This is Bruce here. You kind of broke up a little bit. I don't have - and we usually don't like to talk about pricing versus commodity but commodities would have been a benefit with them trending down throughout the quarter but I would say equally that's not unique to Johnson Controls and so our competition would've been faced with the same tailwinds there and that tends to be reflected in how people look at quoting. So I don't think it's a big deal. I mean I think probably the best way to think about it is we've pretty consistently said that we see our glide path in BE margins around 50 basis points a year. When sales tend to be soft, we tend to do a little bit better job because we don't have to sort of ramp up resources in advance of new business. We are adding salespeople. I mean I think we talked about that a little bit on our last quarterly call but it would really be and if we have flat topline performance, we can do a little bit better than the 50 basis points. When we start to see it turn, you probably see a little bit worse than 50 basis points. So that's kind of the best way to think about it.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. So let me give this a little bit of that. I don't want to call victory. Bruce's conversations around the automotive business I think is something because of our unique relationships that we have. We probably had more visibility into exactly what's going to happen. I can tell you we got more positive comments but I would call it anecdotal versus something that in automotive where we would see something more structural happening. So the phone calls have been better. The anecdotes have been better but I certainly don't think we're out of the woods yet in China as it relates to the building business. Now all that being said, remember we just went through the Hitachi joint venture. So our presence in China has changed dramatically. We have a new party at Hycincs in China. We participate much more broadly in the market and I think we have the opportunity to see some increases because of that new participation and new products that we can cross sell. But we haven't really identified that. So I think that we may be able to do better than the market as we move forward because we have new products that we can sell through with multiple channels
Bruce McDonald: Well, it's taking longer than I would like to happen but I think just to sort of walk you through sort of the main work streams. First of all and probably the most complicated is the separation and establishment of new corporate entities. So unlike say a divestiture where we're pretty used to say carving something out and selling it and have had a fair amount of experience over the last couple years doing that. Here we have to do all the separation work but also set up the corporate functions starting from scratch. And so that's a big work stream. The IT systems are always a challenge and again, we're used to sort of separating them out and automotive tends to be fairly separate here at Johnson Controls. There's not a lot of co-mingled systems or assets. But again, on the corporate side, we have to set up brand new systems from scratch. So that's kind of - what really drives the timing. I think if you look like we have, Emmanuel, in terms of how long some of these spinoffs tend to take, as we looked out in the market, we've seen sort of nine month would be a quick one, 9 or 10 months to 18 to 24 months would be a slow one. And we tend to be I think given the size of it nearly $20 billion, 35 countries, we have 225 plants, 75,000 employees. So in the scheme of it I would say we're a large complex separation and I think the timetable that we've established is pretty aggressive given the complexity. I mean, I would say it's on the shorter end of normal and it's on the much more difficult than normal.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. I think one of the things that we'll do as part of the December analyst day is we'll kind of unpack both the consolidated and unconsolidated automotive sales and related margins. So we'll get into that in a bit more detail in December.
Bruce McDonald: We're not getting rid of it. I don't want to go over it. I'm just saying the mix is changing. That's all.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. It's Bruce here. I think it would be normal for us here in December. We'll give our margin expectations by business for all three of our businesses in December. So that's - and sort of hold off on that.
Bruce McDonald: Yeah. Well it plays right into the margins so I think we'll just leave that until the December meeting.
