Antonella Franzen: Good morning and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Johnson Controls’ first quarter fiscal 2020 results. The press release and all related tables issued earlier this morning as well as the conference call slide presentation can be found on the Investor Relations portion of our website at johnsoncontrols.com. With me today are Johnson Controls’ Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, George Oliver and our Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer, Brian Stief. Before we begin, I would like to remind you that during the course of today’s call, we will be providing certain forward-looking information. We ask that you review today’s press release and read through the forward-looking cautionary informational statements that we have included there. In addition, we will use certain non-GAAP measures in our discussions and we ask that you read through the sections of our press release that address the use of these items. In discussing our results during the call, references to adjusted EBITA and adjusted EBIT margins exclude restructuring and integration costs as well as other special items. These metrics are non-GAAP measures and are reconciled in the schedules attached to our press release and in the appendix to the presentation posted on our website. Additionally, all comparisons to the prior year are on a continuing ops basis, excluding the results of Power Solutions. GAAP earnings per share from continuing operations attributable to Johnson Controls’ ordinary shareholders was $0.21 for the quarter and included a net charge of $0.19 related to special items, which Brian will address in his comments. Excluding these special items, non-GAAP adjusted diluted earnings per share from continuing operations was $0.40 per share compared to $0.26 in the prior year quarter. Now, let me turn the call over to George.
Antonella Franzen: And Jeff, just as to quantify the impact of that for you, when you look at our overall Field orders, they would be up low single-digits on an underlying basis.
Antonella Franzen: And Andy just specifically related to Taiwan and Japan as we said last quarter we expected the stocking to be complete in Taiwan in Q4 and it was so our Taiwan business was fine on the A-Pac side and as expected we did continue to have some pressure in Japan in our A-Pac residential business we do expect that to start flattening out as we get into the second quarter.
George Oliver: Thanks, Antonella and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us on today’s call. Before we get into the details of the quarter, I would like to provide a few thoughts as we look ahead to the rest of fiscal 2020. Starting on Slide 3, we continue to see good momentum across the majority of our key performance metrics with Q1 providing a strong start to the year. We saw 70 basis points of margin expansion this quarter. This resulted from a reduction in structural costs, improved project execution, accelerated service growth, expansion in gross margins and driving innovation. All of these initiatives will remain key focal points for us as we go forward. We have also made significant progress in improving our cash generation profile with important steps towards better management of our trade working capital and continued discipline around CapEx spending. We still have more work to do to bring free cash conversion up to 100% on a sustainable basis, but I am extremely pleased with the progress we have made to-date. As we will discuss on the next slide, orders were flat in the quarter, but I am confident given the continued strength we see in our pipeline we will see acceleration in Q2. Our primary end markets, commercial HVAC, building controls, Fire & Security remained healthy and we are well positioned as leaders in each market. We have significantly strengthened our balance sheet over the course of the last 9 months with ample flexibility when it comes to future capital deployment opportunities. Finally, as I have said many times in these calls over the last couple of years, we remain intently focused on execution in building a strong performance culture to drive sustained performance and maximize shareholder value. Turning to some of the details for the quarter starting with orders on Slide 4. Orders for our Field businesses were flat in aggregate in Q1 as we faced tough prior year comparisons given the timing of announced price increases. Last year, our announced price increases were effective in January, which resulted in a pull-forward into Q1 fiscal ‘19. This year we accelerate our announced price increases to be effective in October, which resulted in a pull-forward into late fiscal ‘19. Looking forward, our order pipeline remains robust with an attractive mix of service and a balanced profile of small and large projects. We expect order growth in Q2 to be in the mid single-digit range and we remain very confident in our low to mid single-digit growth target for the full year. Backlog ended the quarter at $9 billion, up 6% organically versus the prior year and up 2% on a quarter sequential basis which provides high visibility through 2020. Turning now to Slide 5 for a quick recap of the financial results in the quarter, sales of $5.6 billion increased 3% on an organic basis. Within the Field businesses, total service revenues grew 3% in the quarter on top of mid single-digit growth in the prior year. Our service business represents over $6 billion in revenues or a little more than 40% of our Field revenue base and provides us with a very profitable, resilient revenue stream. As growing and expanding our service offering has been a key priority, we recently appointed a dedicated global service leader. Ganesh Ramaswamy joined the team from Danaher and will drive improved consistency of fundamentals across our global direct channel, leverage our infrastructure and investments and work closely with regional leaders to execute on our strategic priorities. With the strength and depth of our portfolio, we have a tremendous opportunity to strengthen our core service business, while building and deploying new service solutions leveraging our digital capabilities. Adjusted EBIT of $448 million grew 13% on an organic basis driven by solid 7% growth in segment profit and a continued focus on reducing corporate expense. Overall, underlying EBIT margins expanded 80 basis points year-over-year excluding a 10 basis point headwind from FX. Adjusted EPS of $0.40 increased 54% over the prior year with solid operational performance and a significant contribution from the deployment of proceeds related to the Power Solutions sale. Adjusted free cash was an outflow of under $100 million in the quarter in line with our normal seasonal pattern, but a significant improvement over the last 2 years. With that, I will turn it over to Brian to discuss our performance in more detail.
George Oliver: Thanks, Brian. Before we open up the line for questions, I just want to reiterate that we continue to expect our fiscal 2020 earnings per share before special items to be in the range of $2.50 to $2.60, which represents earnings growth of 28% to 33%. We have included the full details of our guidance as previously provided in the appendix to the slides. Our first quarter results reflect a strong start to the fiscal year and a continued commitment to solid execution into improving the underlying fundamentals of our business. I am confident that we are well-positioned to deliver continued long-term shareholder value. With that operator, please open up the lines for questions.
George Oliver: Yes, Nigel. We have made really nice progress as Brian talked about within the margin structure within Asia-Pac. With the growth being in low single-digits we have worked – this quarter we delivered 60 basis points year-on-year. And that’s also with unfavorable mix with our installed growth growing faster than service, but I think the fundamentals the way that we are pricing – the way that we are selling value, all of that is playing out within the structure and we believe that now with the fundamentals we are going to continue to improve on a go forward basis.
George Oliver: Nigel, what I would say, it’s both. When you look at our performance here in Q1, it’s been mainly globally we are down a bit and a lot of that is driven by our performance or the market in Japan, which we are down in line with the market in Japan. In North America, it’s been, too. When you look at the overall furnace market, we are extremely strong in that space and that market is down kind of high single-digits and right now that’s continuing. And when you look at our restructuring of our Canadian distribution channels, what we have done is we have taken multiple channels. We have consolidated that and now we are going to be expanding our points of distribution to be able to effectively now be much better positioned to accelerate growth in that region. That is all playing out here in the first and second quarter and we will be positioned in the second half to be able to pickup from a growth standpoint from there.
George Oliver: Yes, I mean, we have – historically, we have had our price increases in January. And as we have been working on price cost over the last couple of years, we have made a lot of progress. And so as we have been planning for 2020, we have made a decision to pull forward. And with that with the announcements there is a behavior that goes along with those announcements. And when you look at last year and for instance in North America, we had high-teens growth in our product last year in North America because of the price being effective in January. When we announced the increase in coming – being pulled into October, certainly we benefited in the fourth quarter of last year, because of the same phenomenon. So there is a behavior around our price increases. What I would tell you, Jeff, is that the underlying activity is very strong across the board. Our pipelines pretty much across the board are high single-digits – mid to high single-digits. And so my confidence in being able to deliver low to mid single-digit order growth in the second quarter and be positioned here for the year is very strong and that ultimately correlates to the revenue that we are projecting for the total year.
George Oliver: As we have committed over the last couple of years, our reinvestment in the sales channels as well as the reinvestment in products now as a percent of revenue is flattening out in 2020 and beyond. And so what’s happening Jeff is that we are continuing to add sales in line with what we see the market activity to be. So, we are continuing to add sales, but we are getting productivity with all of the expansion that we have done over the last couple of years. In engineering and R&D, we are continuing to obviously increase the dollars with the reinvestment, but maintaining that now as a percent of the overall revenue that’s being achieved. And so we feel good – we are also similarly we are doing combining the footprint, we are making sure that we are getting good productivity on the dollars that we are spending and ultimately tracking that to the new product introductions that we are bringing to market to make sure that we are getting the appropriate volumes and returns on those investments.
George Oliver: Yes. What I would say, Deane, if you go back 2 years ago, we had negative price costs and the market – with the market changes we weren’t positioned to be able to move quickly to stay ahead of that. We have made significant improvement now building out our strategic pricing capability across our businesses. So, it is more dynamic where we are tracking the markets, we are tracking our win loss. We are making sure that we are selling value and bringing value propositions to our customers, instead of this just annual price increase. Now, there is historically that’s what’s happened within the industry we are in. But I believe that now we are much more dynamic relative to what’s happening in the markets that we are serving. And as a result of that, you saw nice progress with our price costs last year, where we actually turned the headwind that we had in ‘18 to a tailwind in ‘19 and that’s continuing now in 2020 with probably I estimate over a point of our top line will be driven by continued very positive price cost.
George Oliver: What I would start by saying about 6% of our revenue is achieved in China. So, overall, it is significant, but in the grand scheme, relatively small. We’ve been working very well across all of our teams that are positioned in China. We’ve got not only all of the business units totally aligned, but we’ve got full support of our EHS professionals, our facilities leaders and security where we get a daily update from our Asia-Pac leader, certainly, a top priority for us to make sure that all of our people are safe and protecting them. As you know, most provinces have mandatory holiday extension now through February 10 and that most of the travel within China now has been curbed or curbed significantly. And so what we – we are also assessing the supply side to have a pulse on what’s happening with our supply. There could be some supply chain disruptions. To-date, it’s been minimal. What I would say it is a fluid situation and that we are monitoring it very closely. At this stage, Deane, it’s hard to assess – difficult to assess, but could have some deferral of activity. I mean, certainly, we will have to keep everyone updated.
George Oliver: Yes, I believe that given the way that price increases occur within the industry, we are now ahead. And so therefore, we have the issue that last year we had a very strong first quarter with our HVAC equipment and then this year, because we had pulled it forward, we had seen some of that benefit, Scott, in the fourth quarter of last year. And then what I would tell you is that when you look at the underlying pipeline and how the pipeline converts. We have a very strong pipeline. It’s high single-digits. We usually – there is pretty good predictability of how we convert into percent. And so I have confidence that we are going to get back to like I said kind of low to mid single-digit order growth in the second quarter and for the year, very strong pipeline to deliver the mid single-digits. So, I mean, overall, we are in line with where we thought we would be.
George Oliver: Yes. I mean, it’s all of the above. I think given the value proposition with our new chillers and the ability to be able to reduce energy consumption and drive efficiency, there is certainly a big value proposition there. And so, it’s looked at in total value. So, when you look at what their current cost is to maintain and what the energy consumption is we typically will go in and create a value proposition that not only we can improve their operating cost, but also reduce energy. So, you got to look at it as in total cost. And so I think as we now launch new products, we bring our digital capabilities in how we optimize the operation of the equipment, how that integrates with the overall building systems? I think there is a real attractive value proposition for our customers. So, we are seeing a nice pickup there.
George Oliver: Hey, John. Our retail business, when you size the business, it’s roughly about $900 million. We have a presence globally. We have the industry leader. I mean, loss prevention inventory intelligence, traffic insights. It’s a very profitable business, because it’s a high value proposition for our retail customers. And now that all being said, there has been lots of change in the industry given the proliferation of online shopping requiring as we look at our overall offering, more towards digital solutions, a lot more installations that occurred during the quarter. But I believe that with the value proposition the way that we are aligned we are going to continue to see the business perform, but is going to be a different mix within the business. So, it’s something that we are watching carefully. We are working very closely with each one of our retail customers and laying out what the year looks like and how we are going to be positioned to be able to support their year, but it is given what’s happening within the retail space, there is a lot of change that’s happening and we are going to make sure that we are positioned to be able to capitalize on that change and support the customers through that.
George Oliver: John, there is no change in our position. You have to keep this in perspective. Tyco and Chemguard make life-saving firefighting foam, not PFAS chemicals. And Tyco and Chemguard purchase compounds that contain trace amounts of PFAS, which they blend make the foam. And their firefighting foam is made to exacting military standards. The majority of the foam in issue is specified and used by the U.S government and military and therefore is subject to the government contract to the defense. And so, Tyco fire products and Chemgaurd have always acted responsibly in producing these firefighting foams. And therefore, we feel confident in our ability to defend these claims. But I also would like to share a few other facts. PFAS chemicals have been used by other companies since the 1940s in many products and applications. And we didn’t start producing firefighting foam until the mid 1970s, which was over 30 years later. And these foams are used only intermittently and predominantly at very specific sites such as military basis. And then last is when you look at third-party scientific studies that are also recognized as firefighting foam accounts for only a very small percentage of PFAS that has historically been used in this country. So, overall, position has been changed. We feel very good given what we have done for our government military customers and certainly, there is really no additional updates.
George Oliver: Yes, I mean, it’s – our solutions business saw the large performance contract, Steve. And as we have always talked, the order intake on that can be pretty choppy given the size of the contracts and then the flow of those contracts can give you some pretty significant variations quarter to quarter, but it’s not a huge part of our business but it can impact when we talk about that particular business, you can have some big swings quarter-to-quarter. 
George Oliver: Steve, I’ll take that. On the organic growth, we are looking at low single-digits and that’s again against a prior year compare of 6%. When you break that out, the Field businesses will be low to mid single-digit and that’s to a compare of 5% and products will continue low single-digits and that’s to a compare of 7%, so overall continued performance on the top line. There will be, as Brian mentioned, within products some additional pressure here in Q2 on North America resi, but as we go through the year, we still feel very good in the second half of the year. EBITDA margins, expanding in line with the guidance for the year, 40 to 60 basis points and we see expansion across all segments. And as you know, the normal seasonality to our year is typically 30% in the first half, 70% in the second half, but because of the share repo this year, it’s a little bit more skewed to the first half. And then when you look at the overall consensus, it is in line with our guidance for the year and the guidance that I reiterated earlier was EPS range of $2.50 to $2.60 and that would be an increase, Steve, of 28% to 33%.
George Oliver: I mean, we have been focused. When you look at our strategy, Steve, we have been focused on executing and getting the fundamentals in place delivering on our commitments and ultimately driving results. That’s the focus for us here in 2020. We have been returning in line with what we committed, a significant amount of capital to our shareholders. And we have a lot of underlying momentum across the organization whether it be the margin fundamentals on how we are launching new products, we are upgrading our leadership and ultimately now deploying our digital strategy. So I think when you look at our positions, that’s one that we have been investing heavily in the residential spaces that we have been investing heavily with new products and technology. We are seeing progress, because it is a critical element of our line card and how we ultimately support our customers. And so we are going to continue to stay focused on executing, on delivering on the commitments and certainly keeping a pulse on what’s happening within the industry as far as any type of consolidation.
George Oliver: Yes so when you look at the we talked a little bit about the softness we had in our furnace business which the market itself is down about 9% we have a strong presence in that market and certainly that hit us and then Brian did talk a little bit about the restructuring that we are doing in our Canadian distribution which short term we did see a little bit of a headwind I think as we get through this first and second quarter that’s going to turn into a tailwind on a go forward basis and we are going to significantly increase our points of distribution and so you will see a little bit where you get a lot of different factors playing together here we think that Q2 will continue to be a little bit soft but as we get through the year we are going to be positioned to get back to above market growth within our business so does that get out what your
George Oliver: We are constantly looking at both Gautam. We are continuing to reinvest organically we have got a pipeline across our businesses where we have gaps technology or products looking at both. So, at this stage there is nothing significant but we are continuing to strengthen our regional footprint and continuing to look at our product portfolio to make sure that we are making the appropriate place in line with the organic investments for making.
George Oliver: Yes we have been continuing to review the portfolio across the board and we have been making small divestures where businesses that are non core and businesses that we don’t want to continue reinvest in but again there has been nothing significant there but that’s a process that we continue constantly looking at the portfolio Gautam.
George Oliver: Let me just frame ‘21 and we gave our framework that we gave guidance for 20 and what that ultimately would look like in 2021 as it relates to the deployment of capital with the buybacks and like in addition to that I am very confident that when you look at the fundamentals that we are building across these businesses from margins stand point on a go forward basis that we are going to be positioned we have a pipeline of productivity and savings that ultimately is going to position us to sustain margin improvement year on year similar to what we have seen here over the last couple of years so, I wanted one to understand that that’s going to continue now with that there is some restructuring as it relates to some of the take out of some of the structure that we have in place across the globe. And normally, that would probably be in the 50, maybe the $50 million maybe a little bit more range on an annual basis, well with very strong payback within the year relative to the margin rate that we can achieve. So I feel very confident that with the framework that we have provided relative to the buybacks and how that’s going to play out as we positioned for 2021, the work that we have done in reducing the debt cost and then now with the margin rates that we are achieving, we are going to be positioned to deliver what I would say is incrementals that are 30 plus on our incrementals. And so that will position us extremely well to continue margin expansion and be able to deliver longer term on the margin rate that we originally said we could get to which is somewhere 15% to 16%.
George Oliver: When you look at North America, I know if you look at the quarter, organic growth was 3%, a mix pretty much across all of the domains, the capabilities. Margins were flat, but overall, the margin rate we did operationally deliver not only with the volume and the productivity 40 basis points, but that was offset with the retail mix and some of the cost pressure there. When you look at orders, we did talk about the orders down 1%, a lot of that was timed because of the price increases. But when you look at the backlog, backlog was – backlog year-on-year is up 7% to $5.8 billion. So when you look at the mix of that backlog that is both short and long-term projects and as we project the year, we are positioned here for kind of mid – low to mid single-digit top line growth. We are positioned here to continue to deliver orders that are kind of mid single-digit, low to mid for the year, mid single-digits in the second quarter. And then within the mix of those orders then we will be positioned to be able to convert those orders similar to what we are doing this year as we positioned for 2021. So the cadence that we have and how we look at backlog and how we look at churn, I absolutely support what we are going to achieve for this year and as we build the backlog as we plan for 2021 we feel confident that with the pipeline that we are currently working to convert that will position us well for 2021.
George Oliver: So, thanks everyone for joining our call this morning. Again, as we discussed, we are off to a strong start to the year, positioned well to deliver on our full year commitments. As it relates to orders, I feel very confident in mid single-digit order growth in Q2, which then ties to the overall guidance of low to mid single-digit growth for the full year. And with all of the sessions that are coming up, I do look forward to seeing many of you soon. So, on that operator that concludes our call.
Brian Stief: I would just add to that, that in 2018, Nigel, as you probably recall, we took a restructuring charge and some of that related to our European businesses. And I think we are really seeing the benefit in ‘19 and now into ‘20 of the results of some of those actions that were taken in 2018.
Brian Stief: I would just add to that, Steve, I think from our corporate expense standpoint we had a pretty low quarter. As you have probably seen in the past, the second quarter tends to be a little bit higher. So I think we are – our guidance sits out there for corporate expense. It’s still pretty solid as we sit here today. And then when it looks – when you look at cash flow, I think cash flow we would continue to see some improvement like we saw in the first quarter. So, I think all-in-all, we feel real good about the second quarter.
Brian Stief: No, I think you summarized it well. I think we had a pretty easy comp in the fourth quarter or the first quarter of fiscal ‘19 and so that benefited certainly in the current year, but I think we are better positioned today than we were a year ago for sure.
Brian Stief: So, our corporate expense guide for the year is $330 million to $340 million and we ended up at $81 million in the first quarter. That tends to be a lower quarter for us. And so I think there is going to be a tick up in the second and third quarter. So I think that guide of $330 million to $340 million is still a pretty good number maybe on the lower end of that, but I think that’s probably a good number to use for now. As it relates to the Power Solutions, stranded costs take out, I think we had communicated that we were going to have about a $10 million benefit that we saw in ‘19. There was going to be about $30 million in 2020 and then the full run-rate $50 million benefit we would see in ‘21 forward. We saw probably about what you would expect a pro rata portion of that $30 million here in the first quarter. And we would expect that $30 million to be delivered throughout the course of the year.
Brian Stief: So the trade working capital as a percentage of sales as I mentioned did improve by 60 basis points quarter-over-quarter. We saw a day improvement in DSO, a day improvement in DPO. We saw 5 day improvement in days on hand in the inventory side. So all-in-all, we made progress really across the three key metrics. As we look at the 95% for the year, that type of improvement was contemplated when we gave the 95% guidance. I would tell you that as you know this is the first year that we are going to end up in the situation where we have got reported cash flow in excess of adjusted cash flow. Because of that $600 million tax refund we got in the first quarter, but we still tend to be a little bit short of 100% converter, because of the level of our CapEx, the fact that we don’t get is the entire amount of our equity income out in terms of dividends from our JVs. And then we still have this pension income that doesn’t come with any cash. Now, that’s offset with some amortization benefit. So I think longer term, we are going to get to that 100% level, but sitting here today, the headwinds are still a little bit more than the tailwinds we have got. So our targets are 100%, but I think 95% is a good number for this year.
Brian Stief: Hey, Gautam. I would just say that I think when you look at the activity in the current year we have got our business held for sale right now we would expect that to close in the current year and there are some other investment that we will probably make but I think you can almost look at our M&A activity in the current year as with the inflows and the outflows will be relatively the same I don’t think there is going to be anything significant in fiscal ‘20.
