Stephen A. Roell: Yes. I guess let me start. John, this is Steve. We're pretty confident about the fact we're not going to run into any other issues in the plants that we've launched. They're vastly different locations, number one. Okay? And we're in the midst of putting that capacity on board. I don't see any issue there. Both plants we have are permitted, and the volumes are -- the additional capacity is already being put in place. So I think it was very specific to that location right now, John.
Stephen A. Roell: John, this is Steve. Let me just do the best I can on this European exposure. First of all, we've got broad exposure in Europe. Our largest customer is Volkswagen followed by Mercedes. But we do a fair amount of volume with Opel, Volvo, probably disproportionate. We do most, if not all, of Volvo's business. We do a fair amount with Ford, and we also have exposure in Renault and Peugeot. Where we don't have -- where we're underrepresented would be in probably Fiat and Dacia, which are -- if you look at the 2 OEs, which are probably under some pressure and probably where -- if you look at some of the IHS forecasting, they're forecasting some further softness. We don't have much exposure to those 2 OEs.
Stephen A. Roell: Well, we've looked at that, Kelly, trying to see who could come in and compete, and we don't see a lot of competition. This is a very capital-intensive investment as we've indicated to you. So that's going to be a limiting factor in some cases. We don't see anybody migrating from the industrial base into the automotive sector. That would be one other option, but we don't believe that's going to happen. So at this point in time, we're still being pressured to put in more capacity, particularly into China. So if anything, we're not seeing any of the OEs behave like they have other sources in mind. Rather it's just more pressure on us at this stage.
Stephen A. Roell: I think, David, by the end of the year, it's something like 7 million units or something. We exited '11 in the 3 million, 3.5 million, something along those lines. And then it ramps on through 2014 to get to the 21 million.
Stephen A. Roell: And just remember, a lot of the production we're putting in place is still European. It's with Hanover. We're just now getting our capacity put in place in Toledo here in the U.S.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, that's a very fair question. David, I guess I would highlight a couple things. First of all is the fact that we've put more resource and leadership into different roles. I indicated in the past that we did hire a new COO at Automotive. And we have hired the researchers, which is probably more critical, in terms of getting our quality experts and our Black Belts into the design phase. So I think the stabilizing or design, the standardization of product is probably one of the critical items. I guess the second thing is I would do -- would point to is the fact that we -- I'm sure we underestimated the impact of launching the magnitude of what we have. And I think now we've looked at program by program, we have metrics, we have our what are called SBB teams to help in the launch process in place. And I think I just feel much more comfortable that in terms of the complex product we're launching, and in terms of the amount of oversight and monitoring that we have and kings [ph] of reviews, I just feel we've increased our discipline significantly. I do understand the concern that you raised though, David, okay, that we've had a lot of lumpiness. And it's come from the standpoint of -- let me give you an example, and this -- I don't mean to sound this like an excuse. But if we look at the North American, the launch that Bruce referred to, 2 very successful programs from an OE perspective, one with Toyota, one with Ford. Both of them ramped up and requested significantly higher volumes than what we originally designed for the launch of those 2 products. So we went from a 5-day full bore to a 7-day, all-out. And we were incurring as much as $4 million a month of just overtime -- excuse me, of premium freight which is now down to $400,000. But if you can get a picture, $4 million a month of just premium freight, which doesn't include the overtime, the demands on maintenance and things of that nature. We had to actually locate part of that production to a second facility to take the pressure off. Now that all happened in the quarter. If you look at the customer standpoint, we met their delivery. We met their quality. We were able to do all of that but at a very high price internally from our standpoint. That's not going to repeat itself. But I do understand the fact that these things do spike, and it looks strange from the outside world. But that's really what transpired. The good news was the demand and the fact we were able to respond to it at a very high penalty from our standpoint.
Stephen A. Roell: A lot of it is slowing down our investments in certain areas, okay, where we could. So we had planned to, let's say, build some our sales organizations in some of the foreign markets. We'd look at the opportunities and decided that's not the best investment this stage. We've slowed down the timing of some of our IT investments. Those ones come to mind from my standpoint, Bruce.
Stephen A. Roell: I mean, the bottom line, Joe, is it's sort of breakeven at best when you're importing, and you make a profit when you're making them domestically. Right? And that plant is certified for about 2.8 million units. Right? So that's -- if you think of -- if you level loaded it there, it's 1.5 million units or so that there's no profit on versus where there should be.
Stephen A. Roell: I guess -- just for the audience, I guess, the other thing I would tell you is that one of the things we haven't discussed in detail is we're making good progress on the integration of the metals operations. We incurred or benefited greatly from some of the purchasing synergies that we identified as part of the transaction. But we are lagging in other parts of it, particularly around the engineering integration. So we did not receive the -- did not benefit as much as we thought we would in the first half here. Let's put sort of part of the second half too as we've now got a weekly cadence in place. The Program Management Office has been strengthened, and we feel that the second half will benefit from achieving some of the synergies that we originally thought we would get in the first half.
Stephen A. Roell: Well, let's think about some of the revenue side. I guess I would tell you that had we had the residential piece, I think we would have had different metrics on the first quarter. That's the first item I guess I would say, Chris, okay? So the residential hit on that dramatic was against our -- was different than our guidance, okay? The second thing is I think that our backlog is not moving as quickly as we thought. It's Building, which is fine. But if you look at it, when I say it's not moving, it's not executing -- the churn rate is not as strong. I don't think it's anything unusual. I think we looked at that to make sure that in fact there wasn't a postponement of projects. We've seen none of that. We've seen no cancellation. But we do see, for whatever reason, a slower execution of that backlog. Let me give you a different positive. It does address some of your concerns, but if I look at the pipeline, which is probably further my standpoint, probably the biggest indicator of the health of the business, the pipelines are up strong in both service-type work that we're quoting on, construction-type work. Solutions has not grown as much. But the other 2 are strong double-digits. So I still could see the good growth. I think we'll see that turn. And I think from the standpoint of the SG&A actions we're taking, you're more likely to see us be able to hold our guidance in terms of the margin improvement that we expect in that business in 2011 -- 2012.
Stephen A. Roell: No, Chris, it is. If you look at it, the biggest exposure from some of the estimates out there that call for a further reduction point to bigger reductions at Dacia and Fiat. And we don't have that much exposure in Europe.
Stephen A. Roell: It'll build as the quarter goes up. Some of that margins, as Bruce mentioned, some of that cost-reduction offset the softness in the residential. I think it'll -- our objective is to really hold our SG&A cost. We have 2 segments of SG&A cost. We have one which is tied to 4 initiatives, like our Innovation and Panoptix. And then we have the rest of the SG&A. We're trying to hold that SG&A below last year's level from a run rate, and we're doing that right now. So that's what gives me that confidence. The North American service business itself in the quarter, I can't -- this is a tough quarter from a service standpoint. It's not our largest quarter by any stretch. What we're monitoring is our renewal rates of our service business, our truck-based fleet, and looking to grow the project work, which we're seeing more demand for in terms of our pipeline. So I still feel good about the business as it plays out.
Stephen A. Roell: The only thing I can -- let me try if I understand the question right. If you look at the build schedules that we have, they're out there for the second, third and fourth quarter. They're up, I'm going to say, 8% in North America. But if you look at it, Ravi, to your point, there's some vastly different OE performance. Basically, the North American OEs are flattish to slightly down in the next 3 quarters. The growth is really going to be accruing from the Japanese suppliers. So Japanese exposure in the next 3 months should benefit those players, and we think we will because of that.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes. I've got a little more information, Bruce. I can tell you that if you look at the second half build, GM, Ford and Chrysler are all expected to be anywhere from 4% to 16%, whereas Toyota will be up 73%. So the growth in the quarter, in the second half, is almost -- it's all attributed to Toyota and Honda. A little bit to Volkswagen.
Stephen A. Roell: Let me try, Pat, on both points. I guess, first of all, I would describe the pricing environment as not really changing, okay? It's pretty much what it has been for the last year. So I don't see any increased heightened pressure from our customers in that context. If I go to the item with metals, that's an unusual situation where you have 2 programs that take off the way they have and where we have to respond in that fashion. It just so happens that -- I wouldn't point it to capacity, although the plant that we had that was dedicated to those 2 facilities, we just undersized given the original expectations. That's unusual. That doesn't happen very often. But I wouldn't characterize that as a capacity issue in the industry or capacity issue that's going to impact us as we go forward. If demand continues to improve, we've got enough capacity throughout our organization now, particularly with the metals acquisitions to be able to respond and take advantage of it. So we would -- unlike what I described to you in North America regarding what we had to run into, I would say that we'll clearly benefit from higher volumes.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes. I think maybe what Bruce is really saying, I want to maybe get close on the wrap up here, is to say that really, a lot of what we're experiencing are things that are under our control. We can improve this. We get the integration done, get that completed, we get the improvements that we're expecting from a quality perspective. When I talk to the leadership in the Automotive group, they're very confident about achieving those goals that we once set, which was being able to get to a 7% or 8% margin, get to a 25%-plus return on assets. That's still what we're marching to every day. And we do experience some of these hiccups and more so than usual recently, but we feel confident we're putting things in place to get the processes and the discipline what we need to be.
Stephen A. Roell: It's interesting. I would say it may have deteriorated a little bit, Pat, but not in the scheme of things, okay? And where I'd be looking to see that, it would be in the pipeline bidding activity and the fact that it's actually a little bit stronger than what I thought. I can't point to that being a factor at this stage.
Stephen A. Roell: I think maybe to wrap up, just a comment. We recognize we had some certain short-term challenges. I've been involved in the C-Suite here for 20 years, and we've never guided lower except we pulled our guidance back in 2009. So this is sort of new for Bruce and I to go through and guide lower. We recognize the short-term challenges to our original expectations, but our fundamental growth story, it remains intact. We continue to invest to achieve our long-term growth. Our profit and margin are firmly our objectives, and that's what we're committed to. And that's really what we want to convey to you today.
R. Bruce McDonald: John, I think -- we obviously work with both our actuarial advisers and with our auditors in terms of setting our discount rate. And I think if you look at the change -- I mean, our year-end, we set our discount rate with the year-end -- our year-end measurement dates are as of September. So I think when you look at the September-to-September movement, maybe a little bit different than the December-to-December. The other factor is you have to look at the duration of the -- in addition to taking the AA corporate standard, you have to look at your expected duration of your liability curve. We tend to have a fairly young workforce, so our liability curve tends to be a little bit longer than the index. So that gives us a little bit of benefit. Those would be the 2 factors.
R. Bruce McDonald: No. What we'll do, Kelly, is we cannot -- I don't have the exact segment splits at the top of my fingers here. But what I can tell you is in terms of our overall margin guidance for the company, we guided to up about 60 to 80 basis points, and now we would be up 40 to 50 basis points. So that's kind of the magnitude of the overall position. And I think what you'll -- and Glen, you can follow up with Glen, but what you're going to see is we have lower margins than we thought in automotive, slightly softer margins in BE associated with the downturn in the residential business. And then our margins in Power Solutions will be stronger than we guided to.
R. Bruce McDonald: One of the other advantages that we have is our strong OE relationships. Because you have to remember, this is an OE business right now. It's going to migrate into the aftermarket. And when we look at our relationships through that channel versus a lot of our competitors, that's another big advantage that we have.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. Just to be clear on that one, I think if you look at our -- the numbers Glen quoted was our volume. If you look at our run rate, I think we'd hope to be exiting the year just a shade over 11 million.
R. Bruce McDonald: And that in the following year, our production capacity by the end of the year goes up to 17 million or 18 million.
R. Bruce McDonald: The only challenge that we -- I'd say challenge that we have versus our plans, David, would be in China. And there, the situation that we have in our Shanghai plant was when where we were hoping to introduce AGM. That obviously is being reconsidered. So at this point in time, we still don't have an answer in terms of where we're going to invest in China for the AGM products. So that's the only thing we haven't gotten our minds around.
R. Bruce McDonald: I don't have the margins broken out by region here. I mean, we kind of tend to do a deep dive in terms of our forecasting in the sort of February, March-type time frame. So what we tend to sort of do here is just kind of like a variance analysis to sort of see where we're at. We can pull something together, but I just can't answer that on the call right now.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, it'll go down with the earnings. And then obviously, we -- I'd say we used about $100 million of that free cash flow to increase our ownership in the Power Solutions separator business in the quarter. But yes, I think if you just look at our free cash flow guidance, it's ticked down with the earnings.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, Alex, when I -- just to be clear, I want to make sure you don't misinterpret what I said, is our margins in Asia were up 500 basis points. And what you kind of have to think about there, Alex, is in Asia, we have sales and revenue in Korea, in Japan, but a very small amount of revenue in China. And what we're benefiting from is the fact that we have an awful lot of nonconsolidated joint ventures in China. So what tends to happen is as those 9 consolidated joint ventures improve their level of profitability, and we pick up income and essentially no sales, and so it has a very -- it kind of skews the margins, I guess you'd say. So it's sustainable, but it's attributable to different factors than you'd think.
R. Bruce McDonald: That's correct, and it's productivity and it would be driven by volume growth. So like we said in the quarter, our sales in China were up about 10%. For the year, our expectation in China's sales will be in the mid-teens up. So...
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. And then looking, obviously, at consolidation opportunities and where we can be more efficient, things like that. We're working on initiatives to move a lot of our back office stuff to lower-cost countries, and we're sort of seeing what we can do to pull those forward. In terms of magnitude here, I think we're looking to cut a couple hundred, maybe $250 million out of our SG&A versus kind of what we saw -- that's the whole company, not just Building Efficiency. That's kind of the sort of size of the prize that we're going after here to deliver our guidance here.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I think what I said is we had some benefit associated with -- the acquisitions are accretive to our margins. So what you've seen in auto Europe is, as you sort of look at the pluses and the minuses, you'd see a benefit associated with the acquisition, you'd see a benefit associated with this reduction in our quality and containment-type cost. Then you would've seen a negative associated with higher net engineering costs. Those would sort of be the 3 big movers.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I'd say it was probably a headwind for us of say $0.05. And our expectation was that it was maybe going to be $0.03. So a couple cents of disappointment.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I think, like I said, I don't have the breakdown, the geographic breakdown, Rod, in terms of Europe, North America and Asia, in terms of our outlook. But clearly, like I said earlier in the Q&A here, we do expect our margins to be lower in AE than we guided to. I just don't have -- I wish I could answer your question, but I just don't have the details here on the call. But you're right in your comment. I just can't quantify it. I mean, we're not looking for -- we're basically saying that the industry's levels are going to be the same as our outlook, so we're not changing that. And the only thing that we've talked through here is the fact that the metals launch was more difficult than we thought in Q1 by a couple cents a share, and we're going to have a headwind of that of $0.03 or $0.04 a share going into the second quarter here. So if we take that, you're talking $0.05 to $0.06 of extra cost, which equates to somewhere between $50 million and $60 million of earnings hit on the North American business. So it's definitely going to pull their margins down. I just don't have all the -- there's some other moving pieces, Rod, but in orders of magnitude, that's probably what we're looking at.
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, in the number that we're comparing to in our call here, we only closed on the relatively small fabric, Michel Thierry acquisition in the first quarter. The metals acquisitions, one happened in Q2 and one happened in Q3. So from that perspective, they don't really -- they're just -- we call those out at separate line items, and we'll definitely do that when we talk to our second and third quarter numbers.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. I think, I only know -- I've got the Q2 outlook for us, Ravi. I don't have the Q3 and Q4. But if I look at the second quarter here, our second quarter, we're looking for the Japanese production to be up about 17%. So as I said in my comments, if you look at Q1, our sales to our Japan customers in North America were up about 4%. And as we look into the second quarter, we should start to see some benefit relative to the industry.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. The balance, that was about $20 million, a couple cents a share. That was something that we knew about within our guidance. So that's the amount that's nonrecurring, Ravi.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, and I would just -- maybe to help you out there, if you look at our longer-term guidance for Auto, it's 7% to 8% of ROI. That's what we're sort of looking for. And as we look at the new programs and the capital associated with new programs and our bidding activity, that's where they're coming in at. So when we look into our backlog, we feel confident that we can get there. I just think many of the issues that we're grappling with are too many of them, are things that we just got to do a better internal job.
