Alex A. Molinaroli: Okay. Thanks Steve, good morning. Power Solutions sales were up 10%, and if you adjust for FX and lead, sales were up 7% in the quarter. OE volumes were up 7%, and the aftermarket volumes globally were up 1%. The overall quarterly shipments were up 2% in the Americas, up 14% in Asia and it was offset -- those gains were offset by a weaker Europe. The results were favorably impacted by some strong operational performance and the ongoing benefits associated with our vertical integration or in-house lead recycling. We’ve improved our pricing, and we also had a one-time favorable legal settlement in the quarter for $24 million. Just to make sure that you note that last year, we had a one-time gain of 9 million in the same quarter related to our joint venture transactions. Segment income was up to $221 million. That's 11% from $200 million in 2012. And if you normalize the results for the legal settlement and the prior year gain, the segment income was up 3%. Lead core prices remain elevated, but they're in line with what we expect. In the third quarter, we expect to see a favorable year-on-year comparison, because if you recall last year just about when we started seeing the high lead prices. Let's switch to building efficiency, which posted slightly higher earnings. And that's really despite some tough markets both in the institutional and construction markets which impacted the top line. For the quarter, sales were 3.5 billion. It's down 3%, down 2% if you adjust for FX. We saw revenue growth in North America Systems, it's up 2% but it was more than offset by weakness in Europe, Asia and our North American service business. Overall, at the end of the quarter, our unexecuted backlog was 4.9 billion. That's down 6% from a year ago, higher demand in Asia offset by our energy solutions, Europe and the Middle East. Order intake in the quarter was down 10%. Let me give you a rundown geographically; 12% in the Middle East, down 12% in Asia, down 10% in North America, down 13% in Europe and that's with one region Latin America up 5%. So overall it was a tough quarter for orders. I'll come back to that in just a minute. The segment income of 139% was 1% higher than 2012. That's 3% if you exclude the FX. The good news here is that year-over-year margins continue to increase by 10 basis points to 4%. Margin expansion in service and GWS were unfortunately offset by the market pressures that we're seeing at systems Asia and in Europe. Some of the positive signs we are seeing is our pipeline is increasing. Steve mentioned that in his comments earlier, and so we do see that although the backlog is under pressure, we do see orders picking up in the second -- our third and fourth quarter. With that, I'll turn it over to Bruce.
Alex A. Molinaroli: So I think if I remember that day that the market responded interiors retreated and then it responded positively to electronics if I recall, and I think that it's a fair observation. The best thing that we can say at this point is what we talked about electronics is that we’re looking at everything, but the decision for electronics I think the way Steve described that is we can’t afford to invest in everything to be a winner in everything and electronics decision was made based off of that. So, I don’t think we really want to comment on anything we’re going to do in the future, but just to let you know that as we’ve talked about it as we recognized that we have strong positions and lots of opportunity and we need to make sure we invest in those opportunities.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Well, inventories are more – I would put it as more normal. So they’re lower than they were a year-ago. I’d put it at a more normal level, what the inventories are in the channel.
Alex A. Molinaroli: That's good questions, Alex. So first I'll reinforce what Steve said. I think the business has done a great job of managing costs and they have to continue that because we're at the – what I think is going to be the low point of our backlog. We'll see if I'm right, but the order intake should pick up as the pipeline in some of our segments has historically high levels but the backlog is under a lot of stress. So hopefully that picks up over the next few months. But one caveat and I'm glad you're asking is we're not sure what the sequester might mean as it relates to funding. We haven't seen anything yet, but that will show up probably late in our fiscal year to find out if there is any ramifications. Our customers aren't telling us that there are, but we're trying to make sure we understand that. So that's a good question. Right now, we don't see an impact.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Great question. I think that this was – so let's just say that this is a baseball game and maybe the first game is over but this is a double-header. And I think we have more opportunity. So, there is a lot of programs that BE group has been looking at both in North America and across the world, some of them are structural and some of them are pricing. I think we're going to see more and more of that. We have opportunities, it will come in small chunks, and little chunks, but I think that we're pretty excited about the opportunities we have in front of us in different ways in order to solve some of the current problems or the problems that we have with our customers that have had over the last few years. So I'm pretty confident that we're going to find more opportunities. I think we have more opportunities than we have heartbeats to go get them.
Alex A. Molinaroli: Well, I don’t know that – I don’t know there is an end date. I think that there is plenty of opportunity, a lot of that has to do with the mix of our business and how the – and how that’s going to -- how we’re going to make investments in the future, but I think that all of the targets we put in place are realistic.
Stephen A. Roell: Sure. I think we'll leave our discussions specifically, Ravi, to electronics. I think we had a meeting in the September timeframe where we talked about looking at our – we just completed our strategic reviews of our businesses with the Board and we had concluded that two things. One is if you recall even at the management meeting or the analyst meeting we had in December, I think it was pretty well recognized that that we're a niche player in the industry and that in order to participate in a bigger way and sustain that business we were going to have to make investments in navigation and other types of technologies. And we just had to make a decision whether or not that was the business we wanted to allocate capital to. And we concluded at that point in time that there were other opportunities for us in other businesses that we felt were better long-term bets where we had leadership positions. And so really the decision was to pursue that divestiture for purposes of being able to use that capital for other business growth opportunities and really a decision that we would not invest in electronics and maintain a niche position. It's really that straightforward, Ravi.
Stephen A. Roell: From my standpoint, I guess we’ve targeted some potential acquisitions but they would be – they had still a long ways to be determined yet, okay. So initially we probably would use it to pay down some of our debt, but we probably we then look to augment some of the investments we’re going to make in other businesses, okay. If I could just go back to the interiors comment, two things happened, Brian to be honest with you. One was the fact that the information that was out there was really inaccurate regarding the amount of proceeds and the market reaction it just was real, I wouldn’t put a lot of credence on how the market reacted based on proceeds people felt we can get from that business or anything else. But that business has a lot of opportunity for us too in terms of our – we have seen our ability to engage with customers and what we can do in total interiors with them. Some of our interior designs, there’s some real value in that business in terms of customer relation. So, I wouldn’t speculate that, that’s on our list right now.
Stephen A. Roell: The only thing I can add, Bruce, is that engineering will continue higher in the third quarter and then by the time we get to the fourth, it looks pretty cut flat to the prior year, okay.
Stephen A. Roell: Yeah. So we're starting to see that. The smelter will ramp up through the summer, so we should start seeing more and more favorability, but that's sort of where the offsets were.
Stephen A. Roell: Particularly with pricing and everything else that takes place, so we're expecting power to be a big contributor to our third and fourth quarter.
Stephen A. Roell: Yeah. Well, I would say by far the majority of what we're projecting for the third and fourth quarter comes from our internal actions and not from volumes. If I look at the current projections that we have for our Q3, we’re still expecting as I mentioned, Europe to be down about 3% year-over-year. Now you can take that range going to be down 10, but far John the majority of our improvement year-over-year is coming from the actions I described to you. Our commercial negotiations which, if you want to translate that, that’s getting paid for our engineering changes, it's our purchasing initiatives and moving our tools use, it’s a function of our launch cost and our efficiency in our manufacturing operations and its lower SG&A as we get into that fourth quarter, particularly from engineering…
Stephen A. Roell: We’re just talking really about lawn and garden, so that will all recover itself here as the spring unfolds in the quarter, okay.
Stephen A. Roell: Yeah, my guess is what we will see, Rich if I had to play out the quarters, I think you will see a backlog recover here in between now and the end of the year. And that will be driven though as I mentioned by what we see in the pipeline. And so that will come primarily from two areas. It will come from systems work in North America, it will come from Asia and to a greater extend maybe even the Solutions Business that we see the pipeline picking up. So I think our volume issue is really one right now that we’ve got to address in terms of our cost containment for the remainder of this fiscal year. Then I think we need to check back and see where our backlog ends up at the end of this calendar – this fiscal year relative to 2014 and that will dictate it. But I do think what Steve and Alex are working on is making sure that we go in with a fairly conservative view of our cost structure into '14 until we get a better view of that. But what we do like is the fact that and I can just tell you our systems pipeline's up about 10% and our solution's up 20%. And we're seeing good growth across a lot of verticals. So that makes us feel good. We're doing good things in Asia. We don't expect much from Europe. So that's sort of how we see the [lamp]. But I would say that '14 will be based on what kind of orders and backlog we have at the end of the next few quarters.
Stephen A. Roell: I can't add much more. I guess I would tell you if you had to look at business and say where are we dependant in terms of improvement, clearly it's -- year-over-year it's automotive. I think that we should say BE, we expect improvement, but that – we also had the seasonal factor that comes in the BE. It's just a bigger contributor in the second half of the year.
Stephen A. Roell: …picks up too, yeah. I guess those are the two factors, but that's probably the only color I can provide you.
Stephen A. Roell: Maybe (indiscernible) and I mentioned the fact that the Q2 lower level from the first quarter is, going from a 8% decline to about a 3% decline, but the absolute production levels were about 4.8 million units for both periods, so we’re not anticipating any significant recovery. And then of course in Q3 we had the shutdown period. So we’re only projecting about 4.2 and that’s consistent with our (indiscernible). As Bruce mentioned, we’re well into this queue with our build, so we feel comfortable that those numbers are reasonable.
Stephen A. Roell: I think the other thing we got to mention with Joe is also we’ve got opportunities to invest in areas that we want to really drive future value with our customers in terms of product technology. So that’s the tradeoff that we’ve got is making sure we can sustain those investments and at the same time, continue to ratchet down our cost structure, but we’ve still got – as Alex mentioned, we got lots of room.
Stephen A. Roell: No, I think that's – I think the way to view this quarter is Bruce used and stayed with and talked about the fact that I do think we have a point of reflection here and I do believe that we feel that internally, and I think that a lot of it is within our control as he also mentioned. So I think that this is just a function of our execution in the second half and hopefully by the time we meet at the end of the quarter, we'll be talking about our improved backlogs in BE and the fact that we'll start seeing some recovery in our end markets, okay.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, well there’s a lot in there, but I guess like I said -- I mean just to sort of quantify, about $22 million was distressed supplier, one the launch and engineering is a $17 million. So, let’s say there’s nearly $40 of the reduction. And then I think if you were to look at our metals business in the quarter we still, it's still a -- not much of an improvement. In fact I think if you look at the overall level of profitability there it would be down slightly. Like you said, if you look at our profitability in electronics negatively impacted by some of the investments that we're making in infotainment. But I think maybe just to sort of help you out, volume was probably worked maybe 35 million, pricing on the year-over-year basis worked maybe 30 million and I think the other thing that I touched on would sort of bridge that.
R. Bruce McDonald: I think, Chris, there's a lot of moving pieces here so I think maybe what we can do is set up a time and Glen and I can get on the phone. Maybe we can spend a little bit more time and maybe you can probably ask me five more follow-ups on that.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, that's right, Rod. I think I'm not sure I'll answer them all, in terms of the distressed supplier payment, that was a one-time event. So that is not – I mean not to say we don't have charges, but if you – I would say on average that number maybe 4 million or 5 million a quarter, so it's exceptionally high with one large amount in the quarter. So that's non-recurring. The restructuring item that you referred to, like we said on the [call] [ph], generally speaking it's right in line with what we were expecting for that. That's very consistent with what I think we told you in Q1. The benefits are going to start to flow through like you said, a couple of 100 million is in the annualized number, so it gets some good leverage in the back half of the year. Just to be a little more specific if you look at the European profitability that we're looking for, in Q1 it was 105 million loss here. In the second quarter, we were at 74 million. That number we're anticipating for the third quarter here should be in that 30 million-ish range it'd be sort of where we see that and get into a breakeven in the fourth quarter.
R. Bruce McDonald: I think that where the volumes are increasing as in Asia and our fixed cost structure is higher there as we ramp up.
R. Bruce McDonald: I think one thing that’s worth commending on though is, if you look at the European production levels if it were to go down another 10% in the back half, I think we have to sort of step back and think when are they coming back because we’re already at sort of 20, 25 year lows here in terms of volume and we’re not going to incur several $100 million of cost to take some actions that we’re going to regret when the volume start to bounce back here a little bit. So, I think I’m more optimistic that we’re starting to see the bottom and I’d be -- maybe I will be proven wrong, but I would be surprised to see it down that level.
R. Bruce McDonald: Not really. I'm not sure I'd agree with that mass, so maybe we have to take that offline. But I think if you look at – just talk about going from Q2 to 3, I think we have a significant step up in building efficiency. That is very much in line with our historical pattern in terms of the seasonality. It's sort of high margin as our service business starts t pick up when people initially turn their [air-conditioning on]. We see a big ramp up of Q2 to Q3 in terms of building efficiency. I touched on some of the issues earlier in terms of pickup that we expect to see in auto and Europe in particular. And we also expect, like I said to see margins pick up strongly in power solutions here in the third quarter.
R. Bruce McDonald: No, it's really just the – we are down about 300 basis points in the quarter. It's just – as you know, that's where our equity income flows through and it's just timing of investments. Right now, if you look at kind of – a couple of our biggest joint ventures that are opening up several new plants in the west and so it's just sort of start-up costs of new facilities to come underneath the growth.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, I’ll take this one, it's Bruce. I think we don’t have as reliable information in terms of what sort of in the dealer inventories and things like that in Europe as we also do here in North America, but I think -- I’ve seen a couple of research reports that would suggest a fairly significant amount of inventory that’s come out of the channel, it's hard to say. But I think we feel pretty comfortable that with once you look at our schedules which generally are pretty firm for like the next four to six weeks, so we could say half, but we’re sort of already a month into the quarter and we have pretty good visibility in the next four to six weeks. I would tell you right now we see very little downside to the quarter. I think if you look at how the OEs have tended to flex and if sort of things weaken up it would be around taking some more time out around the shutdowns which would be kind of into our fourth quarter. So I think when we -- again to our confidence here in the third quarter month of it early in the bag and we got pretty good visibility here, so we don’t see a lot of downside risk for the current quarter and we’re just happening to keep our eye on whether any of our customers extend some of the shutdown timeframes. And that’s in Europe, I guess I would flip that and say on the other hand in North America our customers are asking us -- some of our customers are asking the supply base about shortening the summer shutdown. So, I think we maybe talked about some of the risk in Europe but I think in North America there is some offsets.
R. Bruce McDonald: Okay. Well, I would say that backlog today, about 40% to 50% of that will flow this year. So when you talk about our backlog, when you look and it's skewed depending on what your solutions backlog they’re larger projects. So if you look at what we have to work with for the remainder of the year, for the most part we can see it. We will be determined to get some orders here in the third quarter in order to finish the year out, so the orders in the third quarter are important for the rest of the fiscal year. And then if you look going into next year I think when Steve talked about going into next year as the sales increase in our fourth quarter it will put a little bit of pressure in the first half of the year, but those -- because those orders will flow second and third quarter next year.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, I think if you sort of want to do a high level bridge there, I think our earnings in the second half versus the first half is a big chunk. It's probably 40% of it. If you look at our net working capital outflow on a year-to-date basis, I think it's around – nearly 400 million. And within that what you would see if we typically have an outflow in the first half of the year associated with a lot of setup compensation and sales commission plans as well as some contributions to like our defined contribution employee plans. So those flipped from being uses of cash in Q1 to sources in the second half of the year. And then we've probably got, I'd say about $100 million of receivables that we didn't collect in the second quarter. That would be to name two specific issues, one was Good Friday was the last sort of day of the quarter, so we had a couple of customers that we were expecting the payment and we didn't get [receipted] and we had a few of our Japanese customers which have a March 31 year end kind of withheld payments from us. And then I guess the last thing would be we've got a couple $100 million and we've talked about this before of overdue VAT receivables, some indirect taxes that we're starting to make some good progress and I think we can bring most of that in, in the second half. So those would be sort of the main drivers.
R. Bruce McDonald: Look, if you're talking energy prices, I think that it's – if you believe that energy prices are going to continue on the long haul to increase, I think that's the way our customers view the world. Most of our customers are looking at assets that are long life assets and a lot of the paybacks are also for deferred maintenance programs. So I'm not sure it will have a meaningful effect. I'd be more concerned about interest rates.
R. Bruce McDonald: So I don't know if I can give you the dollar versions, but what I'll do is give you the things to be looking for. First off, we're going to see the benefits of the Florence Recycling Center. It's been something that we – as we ramp up, we're getting some benefits but we'll also have start up cost that we've had in the first part of the year. The second thing that's going to be very important is a year ago, we put some pricing in place, we're going to see that benefit of the pricing over the summer and we also have more pricing that's going to go in play in July. We've notified our customers about a 3% to 4% pricing increase across North America. So those things are significant. Our operational improvements have continued, our China operation is also getting up to scale in operations. So all these things added together along with more and more AGM coverage in Europe add up to the numbers. So the volumes – if the volumes happen, I feel pretty comfortable about our forecast.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, so the core costs are still high but one of the problems we had is that we were out of balance ourselves as it relates to our core inventories and we've been able to get that more in line with normal – that was a cost that we had last year that we hadn't incurred in the past.
R. Bruce McDonald: And Joe, just to clarify, our objective in this business is to get to a 10% without GWS. It's the way we've always phrased it, okay? That’s just to clarify that. And I think to Alex’s point, part of this cost structure a lot of it just growth and pricing, I mean I think we’ve got opportunities in the service area to grow. We know we’ve got some opportunities in our cost structure. So the margin improvements that you should see in the second half or it should be dramatic and help drive another step towards that improvement longer term, okay.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yeah, Ryan I would say that -- I would tell you that our business is sized to be profitable at the current level. Our issue is really the internal challenges that we talked about before. It's a lot of things that we’re doing to drive the improvements in the metals operation that Steve talked about. Our challenge that we have in interiors isn’t really so much around volume, it's around -- we’re overly exposed to Western European for manufacturing perspective rather than Eastern Europe in where some of our competitors are and that sort of set the market price. So, I wouldn’t really look at it like, we have a footprint that’s sized to breakeven at a level that’s higher than a market. I think most of the issues are around our operational performance, some product lines that we’re looking to exit and things like that.
R. Bruce McDonald: It wouldn't be like – like you sort of read the industry comments about capacity utilization in Europe for the industry at the OE level being at the 50% or 60%. We wouldn't be like that at all.
