R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, it would be -- well, if you look at the impact, the positive impact from the pensions, about $0.08 in 2012. It'll be less than that going into 2013, because we've -- in it -- we've got lower discount rates, and we have -- we're bringing down our planned return on assets as well. So it is a benefit of -- it's -- I'm not going to get into what specific number, as I don't have that with me, but it's less than $0.08.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I mean, maybe to help you out there, I think if you look at our profitability challenges in what we report as Europe, I would really be -- it would be really be 3 things, okay? First of all would be, we've talked about South America. That's probably the smallest issue. That's a business where this year, we probably lost $40 million to $50 million, and I'd say, we expect to see that halved next year, okay? And that wouldn't be a first half, second half thing, I mean that's certain to -- we're on an improving trend line there. Second would be our Interiors business in Europe. And I guess I would tell you that whilst we do expect some improvement there, just the length of the time that it takes to address from our footprint, and when we'll see a bit of an improvement in our European automotive operations next year, but that's really going to be more of a 2014 step up. And then in terms of our Metals business, I mean this would be the one, and if you looked at Metals overall, we -- we've got, roughly, a 4% negative ROS in that business, and our goal is that by the end of the year, I want to exit the year with that business at a run rate of like a 2% to 3% ROS, close. So that's kind of what the improvement program that we have in place there drives to.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, Chris, maybe just to help you out, if you actually look at our -- the returns in the interior business, we -- it's a very profitable business for us, both in China and North America. Our real issue's in Europe, specifically. And I think it is fair to say that there are some product areas within our current portfolio that we're looking at, with a view to possibly getting out of if we can't improve the pricing. But our challenge in Interior's really European-centric, not global.
R. Bruce McDonald: I would add to that, I think, it's -- we're not, I think, going over what you're asking about, getting to the bottom of here, Chris, is we are not forecasting that in the second half of the year, the economy is going to improve, and that's going to pick up. I think, for us, it really isn't going to be a factor in Automotive, and it potentially could be a benefit for us in Building Efficiency. But we'll see that, the signs of that coming through our pipeline and order activity. And right now, we don't see any reason to believe it's going to get better in the second half.
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, yes, I would say so. I think -- we'll -- I think when we have our Analyst Meeting in December, I'm going to kind of hold off on that one. I think we'll -- we would -- I mean, clearly, we -- we're going to provide a lot more detail around the cadence of our operational improvement and what we're doing to really address our Metals challenges. And when Bill Jackson is presenting interiors, I mean, clearly, the turnaround in Europe will be front and center there. So I don't expect -- I mean, if you sort of look at our overall European business today, like I said, it's at a 0.5% loss for the full year, and we don't -- we aren't forecasting that we're going to exit next year in a loss-making position.
R. Bruce McDonald: I actually don't know the answer to that off the top of my head. I think what we will do, though, is we won't wait until January to provide some -- we're going to free and kind of give out to the Street some information, like saying, Here's this year's numbers, and here's the sort of restated numbers on a comparable segment basis. We'll get that out earlier to help people do their modeling.
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, I've -- it isn't all in Interiors. I guess what I -- what would probably be accurate to say is, if you looked at facilities that were closing, there's not really a lot of them in right at this point in time. It's more a question of new volumes are going down, so we have to take our headcount levels down.
R. Bruce McDonald: I guess Matt, keep in mind, I would say our first quarter, which is calendar Q4, is not and never has been a very good in terms of commercial claims, because our -- mostly our customers are year-end. So most of the time, we don't do very well. So there's little to no chance that some things that maybe we thought we were going to recover in this quarter, that we'll get them in Q -- in our first quarter.
R. Bruce McDonald: Well, keep in mind, Rich, I said that's net, right? So I -- actually, we have about $0.08 to $0.10 of nonqualifying, we think costs that we can accrue, like moving tools and inventory banks, and those types of costs that are headwind for us, it's in the first half of the year in particular. So if you take the gross, the gross savings, it's a much stronger pace of payback. I guess, I would -- if I was looking at the items that we have there, we got a pretty good track record of delivering on the savings. There's nothing -- I would tell you that the riskier things in the past have tended to be where we're closing some plant and moving it into a brand new location, and there's very little, if any, of that in there. So I think it is, it's just standard, sort of headcount-related reductions to move volumes. It's the Power Solutions facility in China that's been idle for some time, and we're paying the workers. So that cost goes away. I think it's very low risk.
R. Bruce McDonald: Rich, I don't have that figure off the top of my head, but I guess, I could -- would tell you it's sort of in that -- as we go into this current quarter, it's probably in the $15 million to $20 million range. So it's trending down, it was like, I think we said $40 million in Q3. So it's somewhere in between there.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I think, if you look at our backlog, it typically would flow through, and it sort of would depend. In the equipment side, it's shorter, 9 to, say, 9 months on average. On the controls side, it's -- it could be 15 or 18 months, would sort of be typical. I think one of the reasons, Colin, you can't sort of put the 3 of them together is there is some of our business that doesn't go through the backlog. And that would be like our truck-based Service business. It would be the Residential business, so those...
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes. But I think the best -- I mean, if you want to look at, sort of forward visibility, I'd say the best thing to focus on is the orders, because if we, if our order intake, like we said in the quarter, is down 10%, it's just -- and -- or turns negative, it's just a matter of time until our backlog's going to turn negative. And backing it up, we really talk about our pipeline, our quoting activity, and that -- that will be the first thing that we see start to pick up, we're hoping, as Steve indicated, we are seeing some signs of recovery there. But the time it's taking to, quote, "to win," is being extended right now. And I would say that, that is, just -- that it's a factor of there being a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace. People are being cautious before we decided to go ahead with some of our programs.
R. Bruce McDonald: It's pretty much even, Colin. I mean, you may have seen there's a recent IHS, I think the last IHS numbers for Europe were better than that. But if you take our -- we're talking about our fiscal year. If you adjust for our fiscal year, we're right on top of IHS, so we expect to be down here in Q1 and down for the full year. And that's kind of been a change for us, up until about, really, this quarter. We've outperformed the market there, because the -- particularly because of our German customers have been strong, and were tend to be underrepresented at, in Fiat and French customers.
R. Bruce McDonald: Yes, I'd say, I wouldn't read a lot into that, this change, Ravi. I mean, under the SEC guidance, we're required to represent segment data that reflects how we manage the company. And when we make a change to the way we manage the company, we have to go back and relook at our segments with our auditors. And so this is a change that we need to make. In no way will this impact our focus on Europe, and it's also -- we're also not going to go radio silent in terms of how our business is doing in a geographic basis either.
Stephen A. Roell: Brian, little bit more color to that last one, in terms of the sequencing of that, why it'll take place in the second half. Last call in, back in July, I talked about a couple of the work streams that we're focused on. One of them is operationally-based, one is purchasing-based. And so what we're doing is we're moving our Metals purchasing to the east, #1. And secondly, in our -- in terms of our operations where we're actually going and using some of the new processes that we inherited from Hammerstein on how we, as an example, how we merged the track, the 2 pieces. So we're changing processes, as Bruce mentioned, we're moving our -- moving footprints to Mexico, moving to Hungary, doing things in the U.K. So that's why those are going to build up momentum as we go through the year.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, that's interesting. I -- there's a couple of things, I guess. First of all, I would tell you, I think the customer recovery requests are getting stronger, getting higher, we'll start with that, okay? I think that claims processing is being extended, the way it has been, let's say, over the last 2 years. So you got 2 factors. You got 1 where, there's a request for more price down and that's difficult in some markets where markets are sluggish. The claims are taking -- that's part of our issue in the fourth quarter. We should have actually had better results with some of our claims processing and recovery from the -- the customers actually got delayed. We also did some things in our Q4, Brian, where we actually, with 1 global OE, we negotiated a settlement for not only '12 but all of '13 at the same time. That's the kind of environment that we find ourselves in. I think that there's tremendous pressure on the number of OEs in terms of profitability, and I guess it's not a -- I wouldn't distinguish between Seating and Interiors, and I wouldn't distinguish between Europe and North America. Most of these are being resolved on a global basis.
Stephen A. Roell: We aren't separating it out because we want to dispose of it. I think it's clearly, we want to bring a new focus on it. We recognize its capital investment intensity is much different. And so we want to focus on the returns. We think there are ways to be profitable in this business. There are players in interiors who are. And we -- Chris, I guess to your comment, I would concur with you that complete Interiors is not something right now that the customers are looking at. But it's an important market for us, in terms of our technology, it's important for us in terms of how we partner around the world with some of our customers. So we are committed to it, and we believe that we can achieve reasonable returns or we find ways to exit.
Stephen A. Roell: No, we've not. And it's a little premature to be talking about A123. There's still a lot of things that have to take place and occur in that business, so no, there's no fact- -- we've not factored anything relative to that transaction in 2013, yes.
Stephen A. Roell: Let me frame it a different way, if I could, Chris, okay? If I look at some of the internal things we can do, let's think about the restructuring savings that we identified for you, that's internal. The improvement in our Metals operations, that's internal. The avoidance to some of the cost we incurred last year, relative to the China disruption, that's internal. On top of that, we really don't have any headwinds to speak of in launch cost in 2013, in engineering recovery. Commodities, while they're going to be higher, is not a big issue. So if I look at it, we can point to a lot of things that are within our control that we can -- that I would say are positive. On the negative side, it's a macro environment. And that's really where our uncertainty regarding the European build, being concerned about maybe the North American, certain of the North American and global construction markets. So I would say macro issues are what's causing us to be concerned. Our internal -- the things we can control internally, we feel very good about.
Stephen A. Roell: Well, it's interesting, we look at the backlog, just to go back to what Chris talked about. The increase we see in the backlog, is in Asia. But if I look at, Matt, if I look at the institutional market, okay, and I'll try to address your fiscal cliff comment, if I look at where demand is held up or it hasn't, orders in the quarter, orders for the year, in pipeline, the softness that we've seen in the institutional markets, patterns that in both the educational, the K-12 and higher ed and health care. Where our data is vastly different than the market, is we continue to see reasonable growth in state and local government, and good growth in federal. So we have not seen a fall-out yet on the federal side of the marketplace. That's the best way I can describe it to you. I think that, that's been our history here for a couple of years, where the government side of the businesses has held up very well, and provide a good growth opportunity.
Stephen A. Roell: I don't think it's the fiscal cliff, I think it's other things, okay? I think there's just a great deal of uncertainty, and there's not a lot of demand. I mean, there's not a lot of growth in the underlying economy. There's a lot of cash on the balance sheets. There's a lot of need for them to look at ways to reduce their cost, and energy efficiency's a good one. So I think that -- it's mixed. Let me give you a few more tidbits here. If -- when we talk about the pipeline, some of the areas that we have seen picked up recently is some of the solutions activity, bidding activity. And that's the one that Bruce described, where we saw the orders off so far in the fourth quarter, but activity's trying to pick up again. We just talked to our Asian management yesterday in China, and they're actually seeing some, I wouldn't say a strong demand, but they feel there's good demand out there in China yet. The area that we probably get the best sense for the economy is what we call our project work within our Service business. Our truck base is okay, Matt. We still grew truck base. But the service work that we get associated with that, that salesforce, is what -- where we probably get a sense where people are holding back. They're not doing small projects. Those are [indiscernible] of the projects.
Stephen A. Roell: Our recovery's not gone, but it get pushed out, whether it's the first quarter, but then -- it's not what we're going to see, a sudden recovery in the first fiscal quarter. I said that those are things are just getting pushed out in general. And so things we would've recovered in the fourth quarter, probably push in the first, first gets pushed to the second. So I think it's just a function that the -- and this is consistent with -- when you listen to other calls from the auto suppliers. There just has been a tendency to see commercial claims push. And just a function of the economy, I think. And they're...
Stephen A. Roell: Well, 2 things. First of all, some of the actions we took in the first half of the year will still have benefits and provide year-over-year -- just by themselves, year-over-year benefit in the Q1 and Q2 of our fiscal year. I think our focus right now, with Dave and the team, is primarily trying to protect our continued margin expansion by looking at contingency efforts in case volumes do soften further. So that's really where our focus is right now. But there -- definitely we expect margin expansion to continue to be in fiscal 2013.
Stephen A. Roell: We've got great oversight. We've got people who report to Bruce who are dedicated to tracking this. And it's -- from that standpoint, I think the surety of it and our ability to view it, what's transpiring, and if there are any issues, we know them early. I think it's pretty good, Rich.
Stephen A. Roell: Yes, I think it has. I think, if you go back in time, you go back to July, we made this decision, we thought that there was, that the market was really starting to weaken, or that some of leading indicators that we had, and yet it wasn't being reflected that any forecast or projections or EPS changes, okay? I think if you look at this quarter, now we recently have some reality that set in, regarding just how difficult the environment is, not just in the U.S., but also the fact it's slowing and then also Europe. So I think that we do have more clarity. I think that we've seen order rates now for another 90 days. We've seen the opportunity to watch what's happening in the building markets, a better feel, certainly for what we think in Europe. So it did give us a lot more clarity. We still have analysts who haven't adjusted their forecasts since July. We're 90 days, 90 days-plus, and 40% of our analysts haven't really adjusted their numbers yet. So I think that we just wanted, really, for the analysts and the Street to get a better sense for the economic environment, the climate that we're really operating in. So I do think we have a much better discussion than we'll have now, given the economic realities that we see in the marketplace.
