Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So in terms of push from Q1 to Q2, we had some orders that did slip due to the cyber incident and the recovery in the momentum. I wouldn't say it's material in terms of what pushed from 1 to 2. There was some smaller ones. But the strength of our orders in Q2 is really coming from the fundamental positive trend we're seeing in our data center business and some other core businesses. Now in terms of the guide for the balance of the year and maybe first address third quarter. If you look at the third quarter guidance, we provided over $1.05 to $1.10. We feel very strong about Q3. We regained momentum during the second quarter, and that gives us strong confidence especially when we enter the third quarter. All of the short-cycle businesses we've been talking about have seen very strong order during the second quarter and we continue to see that momentum building as we enter the third quarter. And that gives us the confidence that our book-to-bill Global Products businesses, resi business and of course, our business solutions service business will achieve the target we've set for them. You know that China is still facing one more quarter of revenue pressure in Q3, but the order momentum there remains very, very strong. And we are really expecting a very strong sequential performance in both EMEA/LA and North America. And so if you think about the guidance about the balance of the year, we're still showing the same range as we did to the prior quarter, even though we created a pretty strong second quarter at the high end of the guide we have provided. And if we look at the second half and the balance of the year, what you need to see and what we're expecting to see from a guidance standpoint is the China business will have to accelerate its momentum both on order and on revenue. We would also need to see the resi business with a sequential quarter-over-quarter growth to increase. And you know that business is facing some additional variability associated with the fact that we are switching refrigerant as part of the market change. And finally, to achieve the very high end of that guidance, we would have to achieve improved service growth from where we closed the second quarter and where we see the third quarter lending. So -- and Steve, I would also remind you that looking comparatively into the second half, we have much easier comps than we did in the first half. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: So let me start first with the Global Product quality issue, which is really not a warranty issue, it really is a quality issue. The reserve really relates to an anticipated remediation action we need to address in a very recently identified firmware issue within some of our legacy products that are sitting in the field. We are currently testing that firmware update within those device, and we are developing a remediation plan for this particular issue, and we'll announce when we are done with the full remediation. There's been no reports of any injuries or damage-related issue with that issue. These kind of problems are very unusual, fairly rare, particularly for field devices like this. Now when it comes to the -- your second part of your question, I'm sorry, I forgot what you asked. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: We see closer to higher single-digit growth for the balance, to be honest with you. That's improved. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So I don't think we're going to change our approach on JC Capital. This is really a tool we have to strengthen our ability to provide value and attach a service and deepen our relationship with customers as we provide like the full suite with the system, the service and then the financing that wraps around that. When it comes to our trade working capital, I mean, we had a very strong start of the year. We've improved pretty much every single fundamental there in terms of both receivable management, I would say, as well as our ability to manage our inventory. If you look at our cash collection cycle overall and if you exclude the impact of the unwinding of factoring, we improved our cash collection cycle by about 5 days, which we are very happy with that outcome. If you look at the guidance we've given for the year on free cash flow conversion, we are maintaining the 85% despite very strong performance in the first half and we see the continuous improvement in our working capital metrics. But you need to understand, we continue to invest in almost attractive organic growth opportunities particularly as we increase capacity to meet the very high demand we see in data center. We are going to be able to make those investments and maintain that 85% conversion but we want to capitalize on that growth we see in the market. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: It was a fourth quarter comment, just to clarify. On the quality, we're early in the process. These, again, are very unusual. At this stage, we don't expect anything additional, but we are still reviewing how we are going to develop and deploy that firmware fix. And generally, we're able to resolve those issues fairly quickly within a couple of quarters. So it's not something that's going to drag along for years on because it's critical for us to fix those pretty quickly. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So first on the second half and you're directionally correct on Q4 segments. Again, our expectation there and where that margin comes from is really driven by 3 things: the improvement in our mix associated with the growth in our service business. As you know, the service business is much, much more profitable than our system business. It's the volume increase we are seeing both in our residential business as well as our book build business, where orders have been progressing well throughout the second quarter and as we enter the third quarter. That volume provides a benefit in terms of absorption and productivity within our manufacturing and provides good leverage and allows us to get there. And then we've addressed our base cost earlier in the year, and we set ourselves up for the ability to leverage the P&L a little bit better than we've been able historically, and that's why we are comfortable at where we are. Now for the full year on Asia Pac, I would say if you look at where we've guided, we're assuming a mid-teen negative growth for the full year and the sequential growth that you can see will therefore be positive in the fourth quarter in order to obtain that weighted average performance for the full fiscal year '24. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. So that 50% was around HVAC applied as well as control for North America, North America in terms of orders this quarter. So a very, very strong momentum. A lot of it came from that data center, some of the key colos and key hyperscale are accelerating their orders. But what's also incredible to see is the pipeline continued to grow even after a lot of orders are coming in. So we think that momentum is going to continue building, and we are very comfortable about achieving those targets. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: No. Good question, Andy. So first, I want to start by saying we are pleased with the performance in EMEA/LA in the second quarter. While it's not yet at par with the regional peers, the rapid progress we made both on backlog growth and margin in such a short period of time is a testament to the transformation and the application of that one end-to-end operating model George was talking about. I'm very proud of what the regional and functional teams have been able to achieve by leveraging further that integrated global business solutions operating model. And as you look at the balance of the year, we have 2 strong tailwinds in EMEA/LA. The first one is, we see a continued strong mix that is provided by the robust growth in service you saw in Q2. And the second one, we continue to improve the order margin rates that are coming in our backlog. And that's really coming from an improved go-to-market strategy we talked about as well as better commercial discipline. These 2 factors combined with the fact that we've rightsized our base cost structure provide us with great visibility to achieve double-digit segment margin and maintain it there towards the end of the year. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: On the factoring and the finance charges, yes, the unwind of the factoring will provide some benefit in the balance of the year. What's offsetting part of that is the PFAS settlement. As you know, we are going to settle $750 million for the half, as well as slightly higher interest rate environment than we had originally anticipated. But I think the factoring and the cost benefit that it provides gives us confidence that our guidance is at the right level. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: And then I would add on mix. What you saw in the quarter, that negative mix of $80 million Global Products really came from the volume challenge we saw in APAC, that really led to an under absorption Global Products. Outside of that, the general mix of the product is neutral to the margin Global Products. What you get is really the lift, George just talked about. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: I mean I would think of Q4 in the teens, 10% of the growth. And I think you're right, there's a step function change between Q3 and Q4 from a growth standpoint. But I don't think it's that challenge if you see the momentum we see in orders. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: High single digit to attain the midpoint of where we are guiding. To get to the high end, you would need that 10% growth rate in Q4. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: That goodwill relates to an impairment charge we took on our subscriber business. That subscriber business sits within our EMEA/LA segment. And it came really from a combination of small actual result delta versus an internal forecast we had but it was mostly associated over time the effect that the Argentinian peso had in the mix of results of that particular business. Then I'll remind you that, that impairment is noncash in terms of what the charge relate to. And it has absolutely no impact on our ability to deliver free cash flow for the balance of the year. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Yes. The PFAS settlement will be in 2 tranche. The first tranche coming shortly and the second tranche later in the year. I do not want to speculate on the timing of the recovery of the cash from the insurance. I would tell you we have significant insurance with about 20 insurers. We are doing everything we can to recover as much as we can. We have a line of sight of recovering a very material portion of the settlement. But at this stage, I'm not being able to pin down an exact time line on that recovery. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: I mean I don't want to overspeculate on exactly where we stand. What I'll tell you is that there's different combination of divestiture structure that we are looking at, and we are simply trying to optimize shareholder value and our ability to return a very large portion of that, the proceeds associated with the divestiture back to shareholders. The divestiture will require like any material divesture for us to take action around our base cost and our central cost of operating. We have good line of sight to action that. We've already started planning around it. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: At this stage, it would be very hard for me to pin ourselves down on the timing. We're doing everything to accelerate the process. Depending on how we structure the divestiture, the tax effect will be very different. So at this stage, that's giving you a very wide range of the different options that are being considered from a divestiture of structure, I don't think would be helpful. But again, we're doing everything to maximize shareholder value here. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: It's absolutely part of the offering and those very complex solutions. We are really set up with our engineering and our product offering to really leverage that market. And that's where we see the pipeline continuously growing as the complexity and the structure of those data center continue to increase. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: I think we're still early stage. As you mentioned, we are looking at next year and where we're going to deploy our resources from a growth standpoint. I think as we close Q4, we'll probably be able to give you a strong view on where we are going to land for next year as well as our long-term algo. But I don't think we'll shy away from the comment I made last time that 85% to 90% free cash flow conversion plus, although the long term is really where we should be thinking. 
Marc Vandiepenbeeck: Commercially, Europe, I made a comment in the opening remarks around industrial refrigeration growing really fast. There's multiple pockets of the market that are growing, probably not as fast as what we're seeing in data center, which is really unprecedented and continue to see that pipeline growing, but we see pipeline growth across the board. 
George Oliver: Yes. So as I said in my prepared remarks, Steve, we are making good progress. As we've said, these businesses are outside the core and represent roughly about 25% of our sales. While they are noncore, they are good businesses that are adding value. So we're remaining focused on maximizing shareholder value. And like I said, pretty much across the board, making good progress. And we'll keep you updated as we continue through with these businesses. 
George Oliver: No. As we're looking at what we're deploying from a solution standpoint, we're looking at each of the domains and then how we differentiate and how we go to market, being able to capture what we see to be the secular trends around data centers in some of these key end markets. And so it's really just based on the backlog that we've had, how it's converting. And then as we're getting more integrated solutions, you'll see where we get more of a broad-based pickup in all of the domains. The applied was specifically where in the construction market, as Marc said, we have a big base of business in China. We have the market-leading position. And we've probably seen more of a decline on the commercial side, commercial -- more of the commercial resi side. And so as we have adjusted inventories and as we've been working to now make sure that our resources are allocated more broadly across some of the other verticals, we're starting to see a real strong pipeline to develop. And we're converting that pipeline. So as Marc said, through the second half, we'll get back to positive orders as well as positive revenue by the end of the year. So we're confident that we're going to recover that. And then, Scott, in general, just making sure that we're with the differentiated solutions that we are deploying, not only are we getting the share, but then from a service standpoint, getting the attached service also. 
George Oliver: Yes. So let me frame up data centers because it has been obviously a key area for us as we've been deploying our resources, investing over the last few years because we saw this coming. I'd say that we are well positioned with the cooling technologies and solutions and a lot of that is working directly with each of the key hyperscalers and colos.  Now we are partnering with them, understanding from a technology deployment how does that cooling technology then get deployed at the chip and depending on how these are going to be configured. So we're making sure that only with our -- not only with our innovation and investment it's complemented with what we're doing and how we go to market to serve their needs. So we've got the right capacity to meet the increased demand. And like we said earlier, we're providing more than just chillers. So as we go in with our customers, we've got strong capabilities across air handlers as well as crawls and now we're including the full solution, including controls, building controls, fire and security. Now as you look at the -- how these data centers are being designed for the future, they're going to be over a gigawatt of power consumption. They're going to need a wide range of air cooled and water cooled to support the exponential growth to support as well as then how it's deployed from a liquid cooling standpoint. So not only are we innovating with hyperscalers and colos on making sure that we are partnering with the right application of our cooling technology that ultimately delivers the most amount of efficiency. And I would say, Scott, that the investments we've made with R&D and with the world-class laboratories that when we design, build, test and demonstrate performance of the equipment over the entire data center operating envelope, we've engaged almost 100% of the data center operators and working very closely with them, not only with how we differentiate the solution, but as important, as Marc said, we've been investing in making sure we've got the right capacity with the right technology to ultimately be able to support the demand. We're projecting right now when I said our orders in the first half exceeded all of fiscal year 2023 orders for data centers. And we have a pipeline that continues to support that type of growth. So we've been adding capacity to meet this demand. And I believe we are positioned to see some of these forecasts that projects potentially 50-plus percent growth over the next few years, and we're positioning to be able to serve that. And so I think that is what gives us confidence as we get through the year. We see continued strength in orders. And then as we set up for '23, a good visibility into -- I mean, '25 good visibility in our ability to be able to continue that trend. 
George Oliver: I would say across our applied, I mean, when you look at I mean both whether it be direct or indirect, and we have a much higher mix as we're differentiating our solutions, our Commercial Solutions business. When you look at the overall applied volume on a 2-year stack, we're up over 20%. And the pipeline right now that we're building is extremely strong because of the secular trends that we're addressing, which is the data center expansion and a lot of the industrial expansion as well as a focus on sustainability. So we've been positioning our technologies globally, regionally to be able to get more than our fair share. And I think we're positioned to continue to see that trend. 
George Oliver: So I mean when we look at the $2 billion, that's -- that was the 2023, as you said. And then we're obviously seeing a significant pickup on that this year. So as we said, for the first half, we're already at the level that we were all of last year. Now a significant amount of that is being driven by the cooling technologies across our not only our air cool, water cool but also the application of Silent-Aire. So we've got a good pick up there. What we're doing is making sure that as we're working with the hyperscalers and colos that we're now going to market in more of an integrated solution that ultimately creates a lot more value in how that solution is put into service. So you can imagine with all of the technology integration that we've been having with these providers, it is really differentiating what we're actually doing. And so -- and we've already seen a big pickup in air handling and crawls and now we're seeing the pickup in building controls and then more recently, now fire. So you're going to start to see a more broad portfolio that ultimately is going to be delivered through those solutions. And then what's important is that we're getting all of that connected and ultimately put into service. So the ability to be able to then provide service through the life cycle. So we're making really good progress here, Julian. 
George Oliver: Well, what we need to see is where we were. I mean we were pacing high single digits pretty consistently in the last couple of years when the cyber incident hit in the first quarter, that really set us back -- set the momentum back because it hit a number of our systems that ultimately execute not only from orders, but ultimately, how we fulfill service. So we are regaining the momentum as we said. Across the globe, I would say we're executing well on that strategy, recovering from that lost momentum. Obviously, the focus that we have in becoming a commercial solution, building solutions provider is now being able to leverage our entire installed base, being able to differentiate the outcomes that we can deliver on maximizing the value over the life cycle for our customers. And then the way we were the most impacted was North America, and that's our largest geography. We did make progress in Q2. That's continuing, and we're going to see that continue to accelerate Q3 and Q4. And then we get back to really strong sustained high single-digit, double-digit service growth on a go-forward basis. You might -- Marc talked about this on EMEA/LA and APAC, we've already recovered. We're already back seeing double-digit orders and growth in EMEA/LA, and we see accelerating orders in Asia Pac. So it's a matter of just the time line and our ability to be able to get that same momentum back in North America. 
George Oliver: Yes. So a year ago, as we were rebuilding up to the second wave of cyber, there was a hole, and we were rebuilding our volume there and rebuilding inventory. And if you look at year-on-year in Q1 and Q2, there was a ramp last year. And obviously, we have a tough compare to that. What I would tell you is we are broad-based. So we're not just in the commercial resi, but it's we're in broad-based all of the end markets. What I would tell you, market back, we know where the opportunities are, how we're positioning, how we're deploying each of our technologies and differentiating the solutions we go to market. We're back really building, so building not only a very strong pipeline, but we're converting at historical rates as far as how we're converting to orders. And so that is what gives us confidence that with the backlog we're building, it's going to -- as it converts here, third and fourth quarter and then the revenue that really we get back to on a positive basis by the end of the year. We're very bullish on the business. It's -- we've got a great product. We've got a great facility there. And it's just making sure that as we reset with the inventory build that we had last year that were reset to where the market is going to be and ultimately how we capitalize on more than our share. 
George Oliver: On the product, Joe, that's in our fire detection business. It's a sensor that ultimately, as Marc said, firmware in a sensor that the legacy product as far as when we look at all the products that's being produced today, it's totally compliant. So it's making sure based on what we've seen with a couple of failures, making sure that we're addressing that in the legacy product. And as Marc talked about, that's how we kind of estimated what that potential could be. And we're going to be disciplined in how we actually go about remediating that. 
George Oliver: When you look at Global Products historically, when you're in a more stable environment year-on-year, I mean, last year, we had a tough year because as we were really working down backlog and have built up with all of the supply chain disruption. And then when lead times went back to normal, obviously, we were a shortfall of orders and orders coming in through the year. As Marc said, we're back to normal flow of orders to fulfillment. We've got our lead times down back to where they were. And so we're seeing good flow, right, from market demand, orders, building backlog and then converting. On the margin side, you can imagine when we were disrupted, there was significant cost with that disruption. And so we have been significantly improving the productivity as we've recovered. Now with normal flow and stability, we're getting significant conversion cost productivity. And then with the continued volume increase on the conversion in the second half, that will lever really nicely in the second half from a margin standpoint. And then what we've done across the company as we went through this cycle, we've taken out significant G&A. And so as we've addressed that across the board and gone to one operating system, we're going to start to see much better leverage on our G&A structure. 
George Oliver: Yes, I would say it's about -- it's in the range where about 2/3 would be chillers, and the others would be -- air handling would be crawls, would be fire and security, all of the other systems that ultimately support the deployment of the cooling technologies. 
George Oliver: And Deane, I think it's important to note also from a service standpoint, when you go to one of these sites and you see the installations and all of the equipment, both across the domains, what is really strong is our footprint, providing the service. And so how our teams then are positioned to support all of these large facilities that are being put up. And so that's where we see significant opportunity to be able to deploy our system so that then from a life cycle standpoint, we have the domain and expertise deployed to be able to support these large operations. 
George Oliver: No. What I would say is when we went through that high inflationary period, obviously, that exposed a lot of our weakness because we were in a low-inflationary period for so long. We've built very robust pricing and costing pricing, and then from a selling standpoint, focusing on value. And so as we plan long term now, we're factoring in. We're, from a costing standpoint, anticipating higher than level -- higher than the kind of the market forecast on inflation. So we've been factoring that in and then making sure we have contracts that ultimately gives us the opportunity to be able to recover longer term on some of the longer-term contracts. So we've been -- and that's been deployed across the globe. What I would say, we have very robust pricing, costing as we do deal reviews and making sure that we're going to be positioned to be able to achieve the margin rate that we're booking. So we're now in a situation where we're booking much higher margins, and then we're executing at or above those margins on a go-forward basis. And that's a big deal. And that's a big part of our -- in our solutions business, our ability to be able to deliver stronger margins going forward. 
George Oliver: I mean what I would say it's broad based. When you look at our applied business, right from -- and we have the full portfolio of technology, whether it be water-cooled chillers, air-cooled chillers which obviously is focused on data centers. The Silent-Aire packaged cooling solutions that we deploy. So when you look at what we see, it's not only data centers but it's the industrial expansion that we see pretty much globally. It's education. It's been some government. And more important, there's a broad-based demand addressing some of the challenges that our customers are having, achieving their sustainability goals. And so we can go in and ultimately package a solution. And then with that, be able to get significant savings that actually then, in some cases, get a decent payback. And so it's broad-based in our applied business across end markets. Certainly, data centers is a key driver. 
George Oliver: Across the board. And then what we've learned is technology wins. And so we've been investing multiyear in our technology differentiation. And as we're applying that into the key verticals, that's what ultimately is delivering the value. 
George Oliver: When you look at our reinvestment, and we've been talking about this for multi-years, applied, when we look at our applied cooling, we're a significant leader in that space across the globe, and we've been investing in multigenerational technologies. And if you would go to our technology center in New York, Pennsylvania, our JADEC center, you would see that. So we've been significantly elevated reinvestment over the last number of years, which has ultimately positioned us with the competitive advantage we have today in data centers. So that's going to continue. And then on the capacity side, certainly, we've -- from an investment standpoint, we've been -- we've got great factories across the globe and then now we've been scaling those factories to be able to now support this data, what's being driven by data centers, but the data center demand. And so we saw it coming. We saw it coming 2 years ago and we started that expansion. But obviously, that has accelerated over the last 12 months. And we're strategically engaged with each one of the hyperscalers and colos and understanding exactly what is going to be built here, multi-years, and we're positioning to make sure we have the right -- as I said earlier, the right technologies with the right capacity to then be able to support their build out. And so all of that has been factored in our current run rate of reinvestment. 
George Oliver: Yes. Let me wrap up. I want to thank everyone for joining us today, and I'd like to end the call by highlighting the strong foundation of operational excellence at Johnson Controls and our value creation framework. I think we demonstrated with the disruption in Q1. And then as we've now come back and created momentum in Q2, gives us a lot of confidence that we're beginning to see not only the results, but now more important, the opportunity to be able to accelerate here as we go forward. Our results demonstrate that we're both capturing the secular trends around sustainability and healthy buildings and that we do have the right strategy and operating system in place that ultimately not only meets our customers' needs as a preferred partner, but certainly elevates the ability to be able to create returns for our shareholders. So we are very excited about what is to come and what we see now playing out. We believe that we are poised to continue creating value for our shareholders, and we all look forward to continuing engaging with all of you here over the next days and weeks as we continue to execute. So with that, operator, that concludes our call. 
