Mark Okerstrom: Yeah. Hey, Mike, it's Mark. We feel good about our guidance. As a reminder, in Q3, what we wanted to do was give people a framework for understanding how we were thinking about planning for 2018. We have not finished planning the time. As you know, Q3 is not a time where we usually give the next year guidance. It was really just a framework. And what we were doing was steering people towards this sort of lower end of our historic performance of 10% to 20%. You'll note from our guidance, which is 6% to 11%, the 10% is squarely within that range. And, of course, we do detailed planning exercise. We've got everything planned out. And our expectations will be able to hit the number within that range.
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Jed. Well, the gross bookings acceleration is really a combination of a lot of great stuff that HomeAway is doing. As you recall, there are a bunch of pieces to the transition. One of them was around monetization and we introduced the traveler fee. Now, we've lapped over that. We introduced that in 2016. It was really creating that conversion engine, improving travel experiences, and owner and property manager experiences. And they've been executing really well against that, and then, of course, solving this problem of people taking bookings off platform. And so, what you're seeing is a combination of all of these things working. And when they work, it allows HomeAway to start stepping on the gas in sales and marketing. And that's what they've been doing. They're now in a position where having worked with lot of our core OTA businesses and actually have a leader in their online marketing function who used to be the leader for hotels.com. They really got the technology stack in place and they're executing on the online marketing playbook. And that is driving some very nice growth. The flipside of that, of course, is that it can put pressure on near-term profitability. And Alan spoke about that in terms of Q1. And what we're finding interestingly is that unlike our core OTA business, a lot of times for these big whole homes, we're seeing bookings not only booked into the busy summer months like Q3, which is a high, high peak quarter for them, we're actually seeing things start to slip into future years as well. So we're starting to get a better handle on how to forecast these things. But it is really a combination of a lot of great work. With respect to the property managers' displeasure and how those are going, listen, I would say that broadly speaking, the property manager and owner community is adjusting to the changes. They're finding ways to use the platform to benefit them. And generally, things are moving in a very, very constructive direction. But, of course, because HomeAway is making so much change and implementing change to this platform, they're always trying to find ways to incent the right behaviors or correct problems that are resulting in leakage or poor behaviors. And you can see some of the things they've done in terms of charging fees for off-platform bookings, some of the movements they made in terms of taking subscription, pricing up just a little bit, all really intended to create the right marketplace activity, so that HomeAway can continue on the path it's on, which is thriving and growing, and ultimately, continue to drive great bookings and great revenue for all of their property managers and owners. So we think the relationship continues to be good and constructive. And we're very happy with the progress there.
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah, sure. So, I'd say that everything was just an inch, probably an inch more in cloud than Alan had had guided to. I think our supply investments an inch more, but not anything dramatically different. So broadly in line with what we were expecting there. The difference is now that we've actually got things planned out. And I think that the timing is more clear to us at this point. In terms of the benefit of supply and timing, again, we're going to hire folks up here. We've got just about all of them hired. They'll be onboarded, the bulk of them by the end of the first quarter, They'll get to work and some of them are ready to work, signing up new properties, hopefully for the high season. And our expectation is that, we should start to see some impact in terms of room night growth towards the back part of the year. But the real benefit for adding more supply really comes in the second year and its subsequent years, when you can really, one, see the full year impact of the properties you've added. And secondly, create the real network effects of essentially having everything that a customer could possibly want, who lives in a given region, and having them come back to you directly again and again and again, through direct channels and generally cheaper channels. And that's a longer impact. We hope to see that in 2019, from our priority markets this year. But at this point, there are no guarantees.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So with respect to sales and marketing, particularly direct sales and marketing, and advertising a lot of the trends that you're seeing with us, particularly the trends in Q4 were driven by spend at HomeAway, which is ramping up their spend as well as trivago. And I think trivago spoke about the declines that they'd seen in ROAS. In Brand Expedia, for example, Hotels.com, we actually saw very nice trends with sales and marketing efficiencies. And sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue was broadly consistent, they were growing at similar rates, which was a nice trend. The way that we think about it going forward is similar to the way that we think thought about it in the past, which is generally what we have observed is that the declines in sales and marketing efficiency from an optical perspective. Have generally been driven by mix shift for us, which is spending more in international markets, which are generally less efficient and then building up more efficiency over time, and even though those trends are generally good and going in the right direction. International markets growing faster than the U.S., just leaves a mix shift that puts pressure on the line item. What we're doing in terms of investing more aggressively in our supply, in our localized consumer experience is an international market, is squarely aimed at trying to get a better sales and marketing efficiency faster in those markets. And that's the level we're looking at it at. We're looking at it at the individual market level. We're looking at it at the individual channel level. And so far, I mean based on our experience in this business. We've been in the situation, where it has not been a case, where we've had to pay more for the same. We've been generally able to offset CPC increases and rising costs with better conversion rates through just our test and learn velocity and adding better supply. In terms of the hotels direct booking campaigns, again we still do not see an impact on our business, and we look at this in a million different ways, generally what's happened in the marketplace is that we have seen a trend towards - mixing towards more independent hotels, as our sort order does take into account the competitiveness of pricing. And as a reminder, generally our customers are pretty darn brand agnostics. So less than 0.5% of shoppers on Hotels.com are looking for the largest brand by name, and as a result they're picking the hotels that they see, and I think it's picking the hotels that are drifting down the sort order a little bit less. So perhaps it's working up for the hotel chains. It seems to working up fine for us, and maybe we hit a new equilibrium.
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah, you're welcome. So in terms of geographic focus, I don't want to get into specifics, I would say that, obviously, Europe is an interesting place for us, Asia is interesting. But of course, we're going to replicate this around the world. So to some extent what we do in 2018, it's just a precursor to what we're going to continue to do on a go forward basis. But those are a couple of regions that are interesting to us for 2018. In terms of HomeAway inventory on the Expedia platform, yeah, we generally, what we see is, when we are able to expand inventory, the overall conversion rates for the destinations generally go up. And that's what we see with alternative accommodations generally. It can have a higher impact in some markets that have a higher mix of that type of inventory. But we have not yet cracked the code on getting to the degree of proficiency that we want to get to in terms of just matching the perfect property with the perfect shopper yet, but that's exactly the work that we're doing. So it is conversion accretive, we think it can be a lot more and we are actively working on product features and sort algorithms to actually optimize the opportunity ahead of us.
Mark Okerstrom: And then in terms of geographic, generally a continuation of the usual broader trends which is international growth is faster than domestic growth. Europe has generally started to be a bright spot for us, particular strength in Greece and Turkey, which had gone through some tough times and they are back to full strength. Brazil was strong for us; Japan continues to be strong for us; Vietnam, where we're starting to build a presence. So you know a lot of positive stories. On the down side Caribbean was continued to be a tough spot for us, obviously, because of the storms. But encouraging actually with some of the harder hit areas, we're actually seeing them bounce back and we did see them bounce back towards into December period.
Mark Okerstrom: So obviously that could be an upside that could be a little bit of downside there, perhaps, but it's not where we've got them for our full year 2018, I don't expect it to be a material mover. Other things, I probably call out is foreign exchange, which has pretty volatile of late. I don't know if, Alan, you call that out. And then, I would just remind to you that, we are still finding our way in terms of the booked to stay lag. I mentioned that - Alan mentioned that at HomeAway. And so there is a risk there for HomeAway that as we continue to ramp up spend in performance marketing channels that we continue to slip revenue out into 2019. But all of those things are forecasted to the best of our ability right now. There are just things that could move things around, ultimately the result within the range.
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah. So in terms of branded performance, I don't want to get into specific mix, I would say that HomeAway has been brand advertising for a while, performance marketing though is one of those things that's relatively new. So in terms of growth rates, I would expect performance marketing to be a bigger part of the story. In terms of off-platform bookings how to get attribution. I mean, the biggest thing with the HomeAway team is focused on, right now. Is this creating reasons for people to book on platform, they've developed some incredible technology around their marketplace feeds, the revenue management platform, that they've rolled out lots of great reasons for property owners and managers to actually use the platform, engage with the platform when they do get bookings on the platform, they get credit in short order. And then, on the traveler side again just the book with confidence guarantee the insurance, be making sure that ultimately you're protected from fraud. I mean, they're all great reasons to be on the platform and that's the primary focus for them, right now. And in addition, they're looking for areas, where there is abuse going on and trying to close those loopholes, where they can.
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah, Peter on the domestic side specifically, the HomeAway subscription revenue peeling off was one of the largest factors for domestic. So hit that disproportionately hard, if you remember last Q4, we were in the spot, I think, we called it out that we were essentially double earning. We are in the spot. We're still recognizing the revenue from the subscription business, including tiers. And we have added the traveler fee and we're copying over that for HomeAway so that was a bit of a drag.
Mark Okerstrom: So, Mark, just on trivago, my comment was related to the year-on-year growth of Expedia, Inc. So on the context, it's still over $1.7 billion of adjusted EBITDA. trivago was irrelevant in 2017. And based upon where they are guiding 2018, we think it will be similarly relevant. So that's a headwind.
Mark Okerstrom: Great. Well, I'd just like to thank everyone for joining the call. And your continued interest in Expedia, especially I just love to thank our employees for their incredibly hard work in 2017. And thank you all, every one of you globally, for in advance for the hard work in 2018. We've got ambitious goals. And we are incredibly excited to get going with them. Thank you very much.
Alan Pickerill: In general, yeah. So we did see a little bit of acceleration on the booked room nights in Q4, it's - it was faster than Q1, I wouldn't look at it as being, a very steep curve, but it was trending in the right direction, we just want to call out that we were seeing good healthy trends there.
Alan Pickerill: Eric, thanks. This is Alan. In terms of the kind of the split by brands, the global - what we kind of refer to as the global growth brands, which is a reminder of our Brand Expedia, Hotels.com, Expedia Affiliate Network and Egencia grew at 17% year-over-year in the quarter. That has been pretty consistent all year long, they grew 19% for the full year. So we've seen good growth there in the high teens. They make up, call it, 85% to 90% of the mix. So we've got a good, good vast majority of our businesses and our hotel business growing in the high-teens. The regional brands, which are Orbitz, Travelocity, Wotif, Hotwire those types of brands think of them as being kind of flattish, sometimes better, sometimes worse. And they're making up, call it, mid-single-digit percentage of the mix. And then all of the other room nights have been a headwind for us. That has essentially eased as we've kind of cleaned the comps on Orbitz for business, and Orbitz partner network where we had churned off components of the business.
Alan Pickerill: Well, I think, look, we - the guidance that we put together in the range that we put together is obviously an amalgamation of all of the potential outcomes of the various businesses. I think for the most part setting aside exogenous factors that we would be unaware of at this point, I think, we think of it largely is execution. And the teams are out, pushing hard to grow the business as well as they can. I will remind you that the investments that we're making, the cloud investment for example is, call it, $75 million more in 2018 and 2017. The investment, we're making in the supply acquisition is substantial. If you take those two together that's a mid to high single-digit percentage impact on our guidance. And so if you wanted to quote unquote normalize for that it would put the guidance well into the mid-teens.
Alan Pickerill: Yeah, I mean, I don't want to get into specifics brand by brand, but we are expecting a negative contribution from trivago in 2018 on the profit line.
Alan Pickerill: Yeah. So on the revenue per room night, I mean, it's the usual culprits in there. We've got an impact from just our contracted margins; we've got an impact from the loyalty programs. I would say the last couple of quarters; we've had a little bit more of a negative impact from refunds that we use typically to accommodate customers in times of tough weather. And so that has been a little bit more than we would normally see. I think that, the other factor for Q4, is that we had a particularly tough comp, if you look back at what we said in Q4 and actually in Q1 as well this year. The revenue per room night trend was better than we had anticipated in those quarters and that was on some package pricing trends and related. And so that's a particularly tough comp. We do expect to see the overall trend be favorable in terms of the gap between revenue per room night and ADRs, as we continue to move through 2018. And then as far as the revenue trends, I would say, just if you're kind of thinking about the growth we saw in Q3, which was around 15% and the growth we saw in Q4 was about 11% total revenue growth. The difference is there were the HomeAway - deceleration in HomeAway revenue, which I talked about the variation you saw in the hotel business, both in terms of slightly slower stayed room night growth and a slightly larger impact from revenue per room night. And lastly just the trivago top line trends also contributed. Those are really the key factors that change the revenue growth from last quarter.
Alan Pickerill: Yeah, listen on the hotel side of the business, no major story, I kind of walked through the general trends there, we're still seeing very good growth for the global growth brands. We are seeing you know flattish trends on the regional brands and we've cleaned the comp on some of the other orbits businesses, that we had acquired that shed a fair amount of business. There's puts and takes in there each quarter as you would imagine, but no big change quarter-to-quarter. On HomeAway, we did see slower room night growth in Q4 on a stayed basis than Q3. I think that's largely driven, frankly, by just the seasonality of that business. It's hyper-seasonal. So much of what's happening there is coming in the third quarter with that being the busiest stayed season for them. And so, that really was the contributor. In terms of the hurricane impact, I mean, we were not sizing it for room nights. We do think it was net-net about a - call it in the range of the $10 million headwind on EBITDA in Q4 on top of what we saw in Q3. So it was a headwind for us in Q4. But we knew about that coming into the quarter.
Alan Pickerill: Thanks, Lloyd. Listen, on MatchBack, I think as it is often the case when you make some of these platform changes, people find ways around them. And we had a situation with a very small group, who was able to essentially get credit for bookings as if they were on platform, but actually go around the platform. And so, what this program is meant to do is actually through the honor system, self-report and actually get credit. There will be a vocal minority of people, who are against it. But unfortunately, we got to do these things to drive the health of the overall marketplace. And this particular program doesn't at all change our view on migrating the bookings online. They're making exceptional progress there. It's not just one thing. It's one thing after another thing. And then of course, you find situations like this where people try to find a loophole and exploit it. You close them down. But we're making great progress there. In terms of shopping cart, it hasn't really been live with live traffic for all that long. This is a relatively new. Right now, we're live in flight and car. It is - looks particularly good in mobile. And the implementation is essentially a slide open tray if you will, that as you're shopping you can press the plus sign and drop things into this tray. And then, when you pull the tray over it is automatically calculating the savings. So we're finding some very encouraging results in terms of what it's doing in terms of attach rates and bundling. But it's still early yet, and of course, still just flight and car. We think the big upside comes in hotel. And that will come here, probably later this quarter we'll start testing that, if not, the second quarter. But it really is a very encouraging product. And it's something we've been talking about doing for many years. And it's great to see it finally in reality and out in the wild. Next question, please.
Alan Pickerill: Well, Perry, it doesn't really change our overall philosophy. I think as we've said a number of times, it is just a massive market. And we think ourselves and other competitors in the marketplace can grow very well for a long period of time. I think these management changes may happen. You never know exactly why they happen. We got a ton of respect for the Airbnb team. I think I've met Laurence a number of times. I think he is a very sharp guy. I think people went their own ways. And who knows the reasons, but I'm not reading a lot into it.
Alan Pickerill: Yeah, well, so we don't have a target for kind of trying to get leverage on selling and marketing. I think it's well known the opportunity in front of us. It's well known that it's a global opportunity. When we launch in new markets, for example, we're starting from scratch in a way in the sense that we don't have repeat customers. We don't have brand recognition in those countries. And so, we have to make investments to get traffic in the store to please those customers to getting - get them coming back to us. And over time, the goal obviously is to build a repeat customer base, so that that particular point of sale can start to see at least better overall efficiencies, if not, leverage. From a directional perspective, a lot - just directionally, we get more deleveraged today from brands like HomeAway and trivago than we do from some of the core OTA brand. So just, I don't want to get into the details of that. But more of it is coming from those brands than the other way around. So for now, we're fine with revenue - sorry, with selling and marketing growing faster than revenue. And we'll see how the business plays out over the next several years. On cloud migration, one of the biggest keys for us in 2018 is getting our lodging stack onto the cloud. We're planning to do that in the not too distant future. And it's a key milestone for us in terms of how we're doing on that migration, how the performance goes and what kind of momentum we think that would mean for the rest of the year. There will still be work to be done in 2019. I'm not ready to size it today, mostly because we have to see how we do in 2018. But we will start to - we will have additional migration to do in 2019. From a benefit perspective, we've already seen some. The first thing that we saw early was that we avoided the need to build out another data center. We were getting pretty close to the point where that was going to be a requirement to deal with the size of our business and that has been completely avoided and completely off the table. We also are seeing a significant drop in CapEx related to data center. Two years ago, our CapEx on data center assets was in the neighborhood of, call it, $180 million. And that's down to, call it, $50 million now on an annual basis. So we already are seeing a big benefit in the CapEx side. And that's just on the pure kind of cloud versus data center equation. There's a whole bunch of other benefits that will come from being in the cloud that we think will accrue to us after we're migrated.
Alan Pickerill: And then, in terms of FX. Yes, I mean what we do with our guidance and our forecast is we include current foreign exchange rates. And so, to the extent that the dollar weakens after we've done our forecast, that's a tailwind. If the dollar strengthens, that's a headwind. And so, that's in there. I mean, we don't size it as precisely as you're asking for. The one thing I will remind you though is we are a global company. We have people all over the world. We have a reasonably sized natural hedge of folks sitting in the UK, folks sitting in Europe, folks sitting in Asia. So there is some offset from what you would think would be the - just the pure impact on revenue translation. On away - on HomeAway revenue growth, and whether this is kind of what organic growth looks like, no, I don't think the 16% growth that the company posted in Q4 is a typical what we would expect from organic. And the reason for that is that, A, there is a seasonal component as I mentioned before, so they get a lot more of their revenue in Q3. And they're investing marketing to get that and so they see outsized growth then. But the other bit is we will eventually reach subscription equilibrium. We're not there yet. It continues to decline. And so, once that gets completely normalized then we would be into a more kind of, as you called it, organic growth rate. The last thing I'll mention is that, in Q4, they had a particularly tough comp on their service fees. So if you remember back to 2016, when they first started implementing consumer service fees, they did the U.S. in the spring, they did Europe in late spring early summer. And there's a lag between when they implemented those and the book to stay. And so you can think of Q4 2016 as being the first quarter where pretty much all of the bookings had a consumer service fee against it, and so, they comped over that in Q4 this year. Those are all the factors to consider.
Alan Pickerill: Hey, Doug. Yeah, so - yeah, we did give some view on the target P&L at our Analyst Day a couple of years ago. We have not updated those since then. I don't think it would be appropriate to kind of give guidance on that or even directional indicators. We're focused on executing in 2018. We have these key investments that we've talked about that that we're focused on. And seeing how this year plays out, just how successful we can be with these initiatives will play into how we think about 2019 performance and beyond.
