Peter Kern: Sure. Thanks, Mark. So first of all, on May, no, I am not going to give you much to quantify that, except to say that we have seen week-by-week improvement. Again, we are a many product business. So some businesses like Vrbo are considerably off the bottom. Others are more modestly off the bottom, all the assumptions and all the prognosticators about the comeback of travel locally recently. Is it vacation rental or hotels? I think we are seeing improvement everywhere. We are seeing more marked improvement in vacation rental right now. And I would say we are fortunate in that we are relatively heavily weighted towards the U.S. and the U.S. is relatively stronger. But of course, there are places all over the world that are beginning to open up, be it parts of APAC, parts of EMEA, et cetera. So I think we are seeing week-by-week improvement. It’s encouraging, but we are still at greatly reduced levels. And the numbers candidly are not terribly meaningful right now. Directionally, they are meaningful and they are hopeful. But the delta between minus 85% and minus some other big percent is not really terribly telling. I think the question will be how long does sustain itself? Does it continue to grow? And frankly, do all of us do our part to make travel safe so that we don’t end up with any future constraints that stopped the improvement. So I think that’s all I can really give you on May. As far as the bigger cutting back marketing OTA story. I recognize, as Google and others have pushed their way into the -- to intermediate all of us. That has created challenges. I think there’s also been challenges as we have all tried to continue to drive growth and weren’t finding other ways to drive it as effectively. I would say the things that give me encouragement are, first of all, while we don’t have the volumes to test it right now, we do have an opportunity of an entire reset, because we have essentially gone to virtually no marketing. And as we weigh back in, we are able to be more precise, be more constrained, watch and learn and grow into it and not just dive back in head first and spend back to the levels we were at. I also think we have not done our job on a couple of fronts. One is, as I mentioned, as our own brands competed, whether that’s broadly or locally, we were creating our own dynamics in the marketplace, but I think we probably never fully understood. We are now an integrated marketing team, led by two great executives who will figure out how to make sure that we will spend appropriately and not be pushing price against ourselves. Secondly, we have done precious little with all the data we have and all the merchandising capabilities we have and we haven’t done an exceptional job of retaining our customers and giving them reasons to want to come back directly to us, directly to our app, et cetera. It has been a growing area of business. We have done a good job, but if you think about not having all the data on your customers aligned in one place, not having the tools to tell them, hey, you went to Vegas last year. At this time, would you like to go to Vegas again? We just have a lot we can do to continue to drive the business without the only idea being, how about we spend a little more in performance marketing. So I think we have a lot of opportunity there. We have also seen that as we have gone through these very low levels of performance marketing that our brand is quite effective. People come back looking for our brands because our brands have import and it’s an imprecise science, but knowing what your brands can drive themselves without performance is an important part of this. So I think this low will give us more insight into that as we climb out.
Peter Kern: I will let Eric take the second part of that. But I would say the trade-up on marketing growth, it’s one of the benefits of having this giant reset is we are not sitting there with a run rate number. And saying, do we go for profit, do we go for growth, do we go for whatever? I think we are trying to just be smarter overall as we climb back into the market and I think we want to clearly be focused. We have clearly said to the company, we will be focused on simplicity and profitability and efficiency, but that is not to say that we do not want to keep growing. We believe we can keep growing on a more profitable base in a more healthy way, retain customers more, have lifetime value increase, all those basic building blocks. So I think we are hopeful that we can drive both. We certainly won’t -- as I said, we won’t be headlong into driving top line growth just for the hell of it. We will drive top line growth where we think it makes sense. And listen, it may turn out that as we get better and better at retaining customers and creating longer-term stickiness and lifetime value, we will have yet another approach to performance marketing as we think about how many customers we keep for the long-term. So these things are evolving and we are going to no doubt we are in a lot. And all I can say is I am not telling you it so. I am telling you what we are going to do and you will judge us on whether we deliver it or not. But that is the orientation of the company and that is how we are going to approach the market. And as for the margins, I will let Eric talk about that. But I would just point out that a lot of the work we are doing is not only about efficiency, it’s about unlocking real opportunities. So these data things -- many of the things we have done and will do, that will unlock efficiency will also unlock opportunity on the top line, I believe.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Thanks, Eric. I will sort of take that in reverse order. I do think there’s no reason to assume it won’t be similar to historic events and that suppliers, broadly defined, we will look to platforms like ours to drive as much volume as they can to fill up their planes and hotels and everything else. It’s hard to say how -- I think -- I don’t really have a view yet on how that market will shape up or shape out. I think it clearly depends on how long the virus persists. How deep it all goes and how things come back. But I do think from our focus standpoint, there’s a few areas that we are keen to collaborate better with our partners on. One is on the service end of things. Both Eric and I have talked about the opportunity to make the service side more seamless to improve the customer experience. Some of that is our own fault. Some of that has to do with how we interact with partners. And I think we have all learned a lot from that and can do better. So I hope we take the opportunity to do better. I also think this has been a time when we have been focused on how can we help our supply partners come back better from a product standpoint, from an offering standpoint, from an data and information standpoint to help our suppliers optimize their performance on our platforms and present themselves in the best way and take as much opportunity of the demand that is out there. So I think we have used this downtime to work with lots of supply side partners in terms of just simple basic things like you need better pictures, you don’t have all your rates loaded. There’s issues like that. I think we will try to help everybody with that. I think we are going to build better tools to work better with our suppliers and I believe we will build better tools for the customer. We know our suppliers want to upsell more. We know they want to make sure there’s clarity around right now their safety practices, but in the future, other things. And we have to do as good a job as we can do to show all that make the customer experience better and allow our suppliers to succeed more. So I think between our improvements in data, our improvement in supply side tools, our improvement in consumer-facing tools. And look, that’s all work we have to do still, but we are pushing it hard. I think we will -- we hope to help the entire industry come back as quickly as possible.
Peter Kern: Sure. Thank you, Deepak. Yeah. I think on your first question, I think Expedia, I would argue, probably hasn’t benefited as much as it could have from being a full-service OTA. In fact, in the minds of many consumers, whether you are just looking for a hotel, they might look at Expedia bookings, hotels.com, Travelocity as all quite similar opportunities. So I think we are doing a lot of work to try to differentiate our brands. That’s why we brought our brand group together into one so that we could be more clear, in terms of the brand proposition, the offering, how we express it to the public, et cetera. But I think being in the full-service OTA business long-term is a great place to be. For sure, air travel maybe -- or international air travel maybe more challenged, domestic, a little less, whatever. But I think over the long-term, being really the only folks who took on full-service OTA as a real undertaking and have kept to it and there’s a lot of harry stuff that goes on in providing all those services, give brand Expedia a strong consumer proposition in the market place, might it be a little slower, because the air part doesn’t comeback, instead of maybe. But again, we are indifferent to which brand or which line of business can grow fast enough. We just want to power and allocate capital and resource and human resource the best we can to drive wherever the fastest pockets of growth are. So if that’s in the near-term, if that’s domestic or local or Vrbo, we are going to drive that and over the longer term -- but over the longer term, we believe each of our brands, at least as currently constructed, we will have an opportunity to succeed. And certainly, the full-service OTA model will have an opportunity to succeed. As far as the B2B business grows, it has particularly our partner services business has enjoyed quite strong growth over the last few years. One of the main sort of underpinnings of our strategy longer-term is getting our own teams away from the idea that retails somehow better than B2B, or one brand is more important than another brand, there a $1 worth of profit wherever it comes from is $1 worth of profit. So we see the B2B model as a great opportunity to fill in pockets of demand and reach pockets of demand that we are not reaching or cannot reach through our retail brands. So that might be geographically focused, that might be offline travel agents, that’s all kinds of things frankly. And our B2B business, particularly that partner services business has been very strong. We think it will has tons of opportunity and can continue to be strong. There will no doubt just like in the lodging and other businesses, there may be some shakeouts, because business environment is tough and some of our partners said we may not make it. I mentioned that in the beginning. There’s a human cost to all this business disruption, but we believe longer-term that our B2B business has lots of legs, is an important leg in our stool and will continue to drive it with as much energy and urgency as we drive our retail business.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Sure. I don’t believe we have to give up share to be more profitable. We will be -- if we were just at the same volumes as before, we would be much more profitable today than we were a year ago. Now my hope is that as we have that benefit, as we get more benefit even than we have gotten so far and as we improve our marketing efficiencies, our product efficiencies, conversion and everything else, then in fact we will be able to continue to grow certainly at pace to maintain and hopefully grow share. And still be more relatively profitable. So I don’t think it’s a trade-off. I think we have a lot of work to do on ourselves to get to the right place. But this isn’t about, okay, everything has been optimized to the nth degree. And now we are just deciding if we would like to make an extra dollar and give up a dollar of revenue. I do not believe we are at that place or even close to that place. We have a ton of opportunity to be more efficient throughout the process, throughout the product, throughout our own internal operating features. And if we do all of that, that should give us more margin, more ability to invest in growth, whether that may not be performance marketing growth, that may be brand, there may be other tools, that maybe merchandising and all kinds of things, but I believe there’s no reason we should assume that one has to give up growth to get greater margins. Now, can it be bumpy? Well, is it a straight-line from here to there? Probably not, but over the course of coming out of the virus and everything else, everything is going to be bumpy. So we believe we can play for both. As far as the inventory question goes, I don’t think we were inventory-constrained last year. I would say, though, that there’s always opportunity and gaps and this is as much an information question as it is just a cooperation question. So hotels very often may not have all their rates in every place. They may not have -- they may think they have a deal on offer, but it’s only in one place or they may have a deal on offer somewhere that gets into the wild and is offered in places they didn’t intend it to. So I think our issue is not about not getting the inventory we want, but getting all of the opportunities that a supply side company has to win in our market. So if they have some rates for loyalty or something else where we are not participating, those are all opportunities. So I think we did not feel inventory-constrained as in we were bumping up against nothing to sell. I don’t think that was the issue at all. I think it’s really just our supply partners participating in every way they could. And going forward, can they get more out of our platform, if we are giving them better information and they are responding more rapidly and everybody can take the best advantage of it that they can.
Peter Kern: I mean, I -- ultimately, I am trying to get away from giving you specific numbers associated with it, but we are still off a very small base. We are seeing green shoots that ultimately gives us optimism for to be able to push into marketing and getting confidence that consumers are coming back. I think those are all great things, but we are not out of the woods yet.
Peter Kern: Yeah. I would just add, Kevin, when I say it’s considerably better, it’s obviously percentage improvement off the low number is considerably better, though not awesome. We would rather have double and triple-digit improvements. So it’s not better is better and we are glad to see the trends. The working capital issue, obviously, a lot to do with what’s happening on cancellations, what’s happening on the nature of the bookings and whether they are merchant or agency, et cetera, but -- and there have been some mix changes in the short-term. But I would say, it’s definitely improving. But for Eric and I and the company, we still are on fairly defensive posture as we watch it play out. And we are glad to have the incremental capital on the balance sheet to protect us.
Peter Kern: Yeah. So on the first point, I guess I would say that, I certainly can’t speak for the rest of the industry. It does seem logical to me that all of us in travel have been somewhat capital-constrained by the virus, in some cases highly capital-constrained. And therefore, the robust performance marketing auction environment we saw before may take a while to come back because people just don’t have the money for direct marketing. I don’t know if that will be the case, but I could imagine that be the case and perhaps that is what trivago is speaking to. Certainly, we will take our own discipline to it. We will do what’s right for us, I am sure everybody will do the same. But there could be a difference in the number of players and the available capital to invest in direct relationships in the near-term for some of the other players and direct hotel and other kinds of players. So I guess that would be my perspective on that. In terms of the benefit of the platform, honestly, their myriad and many of them are in the weeds. But Eric talked about the work our team has done across optimizing for cloud, right? We honestly had barely done anything to optimize for cloud before. It just wasn’t an urgent push. The greater urgency was to move to the cloud. And we took a huge opportunity run by our team in our platform to drive a level of clinical approach to cloud that we just haven’t had before. And that went across not just the platform but the entire enterprise. And the savings there are meaningful, really meaningful. So we are doing that across many things that’s kind of on the cost side. I mentioned on the data side, we have had -- we probably have as much more data than virtually anybody in the travel industry, but we have never compiled it in one place. So we had bunches of different data storage that’s put aside that, that’s not terribly efficient. And it means everybody is rotating on different data and learning on different data, but all our algorithms, all our learnings, all our stuff was against pockets of data instead of all of the data. So when you get all the data together and you simplify it and you standardize it, now everybody can use it. The algorithms and machine learning tools can learn much faster and we can just apply it across a much broader breadth of our business more quickly. So I think we are going to see a lot of those. They are really hard to put numbers on. They are not like, hey, we took these people and these people and these people and put them together and we saved 3 people and we took out a tool. Those are -- that’s simple math and there are some opportunities that exist like that we’ve obviously gotten after a lot of them. But I think that probably the bigger opportunity and the one that’s hard to define is all of these unlocks that exist for us. And for a huge organization, we were complicated. We didn’t make it easy on ourselves. We didn’t make it easy to do things. And as I say, I believe there’s great opportunity in the merchandising front, but we have work that’s going on in earnest on our CRM tools. We have work that’s going on around data. All those things have to happen to unlock that opportunity, but it’s there and it’s big and we are going to get after it.
Peter Kern: Yeah. I would kind of break that -- Stephen, thank you for the question -- into two bits, which is, one is we can just be stronger at the blocking and tackling. We can be better in our core product. We can be better in helping people find their way through our product. We talked a little bit about our voice platform. We even think there’s opportunity for -- and that’s been principally used as a service tool, but we think there may be opportunities to use the underlying technology there to help people through the buying journey, help them make the right decision for them, potential help upsell and so forth. So this isn’t about necessarily reinvention, I mean, our product should be as good as it can be, but this isn’t about, hey, you are used to going on entering a date and doing this and now you are going to enter a dream and a place and something like, I don’t think it has to be re-imagined. I think there’s a lot of it that’s just core functionality, creating great products that are really engaging with the customer and helpful for the customer and their journey. So I think that’s, at its core, what are our consumer offerings will be online. Merchandising, I think, is not necessarily a separate piece, but another piece, which is once you really understand your customer, once you understand their journey, you know where they have been on your site, what they have done, what they have bought before, what their predilections are in the future, you have a real opportunity to I think, change the game for them and that goes everything from the -- letting them know about deals that are out there that might be interesting to them, whether that’s through email, text, whatever, all the kinds of usual CRM tools that exist in the world and/or when they come to the site that, the sort is particular to them, or certain things are particular to them, because you understand them and they have logged in and you know what they have done before. There’s just lots of opportunity to do better there and I think we are at the beginning of our journey, frankly, for that, because until you could understand where the customer was and where they have been and have all the data in one place and everything else, it was really hard to do any of that. So we are maybe even before the early days. We do some of this, but it’s hard for us to do. It’s not efficient for us to do and we have to get to a place where we can really do it at scale, kind of scale we operate at. And I think we can drive a lot of business separate and apart from the core. I go to Expedia and I type in my date and an airline. I think there’s just a lot more out there for us.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Well, thank you, everybody. I hope Eric and I covered as much territory as we could in an hour, obviously, again, I think our first quarter numbers don’t mean a whole lot. And frankly, our numbers for a while won’t mean a whole lot. We have got a lot of work to do to come out of this in a great place. We think it’s there for us, as you have heard and that’s what we are focused on and we are honestly not trying to talk anybody into anything. We are just trying to focus on what we can affect and you will have to judge us by what we deliver. But in the meantime, we wish you all safe and happy and same time through the virus and be careful out there and wear a mask and we look forward to talking to you again. Thank you.
