Barry Diller: Thank you, Michael. I haven't been on one of these analyst calls, and I don't know, endless amount of times. So, I'm probably a bit raggie. But, I won't ask your indulgence. I'll just kind of plunge in. Since December 4, which is when we made the management change, Peter Kern and I, not a day’s gone by that we have not been engaged in Expedia business. And during this period of time, I mean, having been Chairman of Expedia for I don't know, I think almost 20 years or so, I thought I knew a lot about the Company. But, there's nothing like being on the ground, and we've been on the ground. And I've gotten to know the leaders of the businesses. And I'm definitely impressed. I believe in the future of Expedia as do my colleagues emphatically. We bought in the last couple of months $634 million of our stock, which is more than we've ever bought in an entire year. And we're not going to end that process now. But, what we've really done is we've taken as immediate steps as we can to refocus the Company on the day to day operations of -- and the execution for what the Company is engaged in every day. Last year, we spent probably nine months of the year on this massive reorganization. We're contemplating changing 350 I think of 500 jobs. It was vastly complicated process that froze us. Management at the same time didn't really have a clear path how to grow the Company. It's just kind of a top-down commandment to deliver x earnings. And that misled a lot of people into actions that kind of made sense for a quarter of a day and rest of the day, results of kind of this top-down pressure without understanding how to actually execute and simplify the business and give a clarity. We’d somewhat become a kind of consultant-led and wildly complex business. I said and I think sporadic and bloated. And I'll give you one anecdote that kind of rang in my ears that I'd heard, I don't know, I guess a month or half or two months ago, kind of out there in Seattle, that at Amazon -- whole concept of working life balance that at Amazon, it was all work and no life; and then Expedia was all life and no work. Now, that's an enormous exaggeration. We've got wonderful people in the business. This is not damning or employees. But for several years, we really lost clarity and discipline. So, we're changing a great deal. We're stopping this too large complexity. We're simplifying our strategy. We're stopping doing dumb things and starting to do what we think are good things. So, from doing that dumb to doing this smart, here are a few examples. From wasteful activities that weren't core to our business to actually driving sustained growth, from every brand working in silos around the world to one strategy on marketing, and geographies across all of our brands, from our reliance on Google and metasearch, to aggressively moving to grow our own direct business and have loyal relationships with our customers. So, separate teams and data that's dispersed all over the place to one platform, driving the entire Company. From an air business we basically took for granted, it's just another line of business to actually prioritizing it, energizing it as a true competitive differentiator, and from chasing all these grand goals, to focusing on day to day execution and making that customer experience great. So, we're in. We're energized, we're enthusiastic, and from now on, I hope I think, you'll see the effect of that and the excellent people of Expedia and what we can all accomplish together. So, with Mr. Karan, my colleague, my partner, in this process, is going to say a few things.
Barry Diller: No, Vrbo is not where it needs to be. But, it is a lot different than it was, I'd say a few months ago. It has a new leader. We have confidence in, and he's also on the ground. And look, what happened to Vrbo is it was -- I think all of you know, a collection of a bunch of disparate businesses brands all over the world, basically that were bought together and put under the name of -- dumb name called HomeAway and -- which meant nothing to no one. We did have one business called Vrbo that did mean something to people and so -- called the VRBO, which we’ve tried and I think are at the very beginning of branding Vrbo. And whether -- I don't know if we went too fast actually or too slow on this, but we did this absolute change day one, the day two, from everything to then one thing Vrbo. That caused us to lose a ton of SEO traffic. Given the trends in SEO anyway, that was hardly -- it was not well executed. So, we've been now cleaning all of that up. And I think it's -- I don't know, somebody here, one of my colleagues may comment on the progress of that to-date. But, look, Vrbo is in a great actually somewhat standalone category. It’s not kind of rooms that are in the attic that people rent you and stand next to you while you go to the bathroom. It is basically accommodations, family of homes, large apartments, things like that in resort areas and other places. It's got great product. We just need to market it better than we have. But, it's got -- I think it's go -- certainly, it's got large opportunity for us. And we've also just plugged it into Expedia recently. That took six months of somewhat disarray. But now all of Vrbo I think is available on Expedia. Is that true or…
Barry Diller: And -- but that was a difficult thing. As far as the category, look, I'm very impressed with what Airbnb has done over time. I wouldn't call it a revolution, but it has opened up. Not only has it opened up inventory that didn't exist, but it's also brought people into traveling that couldn't afford it before or didn't want to mess with big stiff hotels and also people wanted a different experience, older people who were lonely and didn't want to go to some cold place. It's not a great job. But basically -- but by the way, you put its inventory as against the hotel inventory, they have kind of different audience. I'm not -- I don't -- I'm not a big believer that they are going to merge. So, I think there's a very healthy standard hotel business. And there's going to be this business, we're participants in it. So, that's as much as I got to say about that.
Barry Diller: Okay. We're not doing a CEO search. I don't know that we’ll ever do an actual search. I'm not a big believer in “searches”. I think, they usually turn off the usual and obvious suspects. And when you only know somebody from interviewing and recommendations, I figure failure rate is usually certainly above 50% in my experience, other people's for sure. Anyway, we're not doing that. I'll say this. First of all, Peter and I are completely engaged. We are operating the Company, we are responsible for the Company, and we are -- definitely, it is our responsibility. That is not to say that during the calendar year ‘20, a chief executive will emerge from this process. But right now, look, time will tell. But, what happened is amazingly, once we had to make this management change -- unfortunate management change, and I have said before, it was not to demean Mark Okerstrom or CFO, but it really was a real difference in what we actually thought. And that happens. So, there's no damning here. But from that moment, I got incredibly energized about this because I actually began, other than superficially, as a Chairman, I began to really understand the levers of this business and what the opportunities were and what the condition of the Company was that I bought relatively quickly we could turn. So, we’re at it. And it's not going to last beyond ‘20. But, that's where we are for now. As far as drivers for revenue growth, Mr. Kern.
Barry Diller: Look, one of the things I think we suffered from is -- to a degree, we lost attention of the product itself, what the consumers get, what do they see, how do they interact with it, what is the user experience, et cetera, et cetera? How do we not only ease their path to travel, but how do we really add value? And so, one of the things that has come out of this is now an absolute focus on what that experience is, that's where a lot of the organization and investment is going to come from. By the way, it’s investment in focus and time; it's not investment really in cost. But making -- look, OTAs have not had in my opinion, enough differentiation, and differentiation meaning that Expedia, which has the benefit to only one that's got the benefit, I mean God knows who poured money into it. It has the benefit of being able to get you hotels, air, cars, experiences, anything you need in travel is in one place at Expedia. It is not -- certainly, it has not been as efficient as Booking.com and hotels, particularly in Western Europe, and when the United States has been fine. But, that's not a solitary diet. And that's fine for some people. But, if you come to Expedia increasingly, you're going to have a product that is actually going to not only ease the process but can add value to the process. Because we're the only ones who can really package. We're the only ones who can officially put things together and magically offer people a lower price and probably a better experience. So, it's -- anyway, I think, I kind of said it. On loyalty, Peter will talk about it.
Barry Diller: It’s continued execution and focus and not resting, not being very patient. That is one of the things that we're going to have to imbue in this organization. And, again, look, I think the outlook is good. It's got some challenges. I'm less worried now, having gotten into it about these existential challenges than I was before I got into it. Those are what they are, but Expedia has -- and with its brands, with differentiation with -- by the way increased, hopefully more interesting forms of loyalty, rewards and things like that. Expedia is going to be able to which I think it's going to be able to do as against its competitors. I think, we're going to be able to build up loyalty. The whole concept of all of this was you paid a lot for your first experience with an OTA with what you did in advertising but you were hoping for the second.  From now on, it's going to be the second, third and fourth for us because what we're -- because all we're -- really I would say driving us down to is this kind of pragmatic focus on -- basically the verities, which is what is the experience, we are -- we have chased the tail. The tail was pretty good to start off. I want to travel, started off with the boom because it was obvious, better experience, kind of raw. But we have simply chased it with -- look, working on conversion, working on all those things is good. But the reason that I think 2, 3, 5, 10 years from today, Expedia can continue to actually beat its competition is because of what we're focusing on now. That will give us -- we won't have to do -- we won’t have to look for other pools. There's enough there for us, if we just get back to pragmatic focus on streamlining our business, simplifying our business. As I said before, we were bloated organization. I mean, not because people were lazy or whatever. But over the years, just chasing the tail of growth and all that we're just adding people and people and complexity and all that stuff until, frankly, very few people figure out what the hell we were supposed to do during the day. So simplifying that has a great byproduct of cutting our costs. Our costs were too high and our costs are going to come down beyond this first level of $300 million to $500 million over the future, because we are going to simplify. Simplifying lets us pay attention. If we pay attention, given the opportunity, I worried about two or three years.
Barry Diller: I'm just going to spout off something here on the virus thing. And I think it's going much beyond that. I think, people are worried. I think, people are just saying -- I mean, they are all over the place. New York City people are in buses and subways with masks on. I think, there’s been one case reported in New York. So, I think, this is a damper. How far this goes? I mean, a week ago, it was supposed to kind of be lessening and yesterday, again, shot up in terms of infected cases and I guess deaths. I mean, do we have a pandemic? I don't know. I have to believe that now the activism of every country in the world on this is going to contain it quickly. Now, by the way, that's the statement with no facts and no knowledge, so you can all toss it. But we don't truly know the extent of it. And it is going beyond Asia and it will go beyond Asia.
Barry Diller: I'll just add one more thing because I think it should be said, which is this process of simplifying our business and lowering our costs has an effect obviously on people. We have been in the process of going through this over the last at least months. I've never seen a process like this. I keep saying it to my colleagues that are involved, how impressed I am with the thoughtfulness, the deliberations that go on in every part. So, this is not just saying, okay, there's one little piece of the Company. Every one of our senior leaders has participated in this. And in a way I almost feel like we should publish the process we've gone through because I've never -- look, I have been around and I have been doing a lot of these processes. I've never seen one as thoughtfully and decently done as this. And the plan for communications is I mean, I'm sure we'll make mistakes here or there, but it's just impressive. Anyway.
Barry Diller: The SEO is not going to kill us. And SEO is not the future of our business. The trends have been -- these trends began seven or eight years ago. We should have been more alert obviously to the continued consequence of this session. As I said, I don't think we're going to be saved by some by some bill, government bill. I absolutely believe there will be regulation. But, we are doing all the things that we intend to do to deemphasize it. It’s still a part, it's not a huge part, but it is a part of our business, but it isn’t the future.
Barry Diller: Yes. Listen, it truly is an unknown. I know everybody's asking about it. Look, you've got to believe it's going to be contained. If it's not contained, by the way, the entire world's going to shut down. So, all you can do is every day you read the news and react to it. I think, anybody as an investor, unless you think this is going to be the end of life as we know it, who cares? Believe me, I don't mean who cares a lot of people are going to get sick and whatever. But really, this is an exogenous list events, will end. And frankly, no one should count it. All we're trying to do is separate what we absolutely believe is the effect of the virus from our ongoing business, so we can prepare ourselves and make that ongoing business as strong as possible when this thing is over.
Barry Diller: So, I think I'll start at the top there. I think Vrbo, yes, we're rationalizing some international spend. But, that is by no means all international spend and ambition. And as I mentioned, now that Vrbo inventory is available on brand Expedia and actually went live partially in Hotels.com for the first time a few days ago, we have many ways to get that inventory into other markets that may be way more efficient than trying to build a brand in a place where we have no brand recognition. So, there's lots of ways to look at that. I don't think we believe Vrbo is on a path to any greater inflection than any other of our businesses. All the businesses are working hard. And there's a lot of -- various drivers. So, I wouldn't think of it that way. But, we do believe Vrbo will grow EBITDA and get back to growing top-line, again as we lean into our stronger opportunities in the beginning of this year. And no, inventory risk, no, not right now. We got plenty of other things to do before we get to figuring out whether we're going to take inventory risk.
Barry Diller: Thank you, all. Actually, I’ve said before, I really am enjoying this process, and I think so too is Mr. Kern. And I hope many of our executives are enjoying that too. But, nevertheless, we'll plow through it on. In any event, thank you for being with us. And we'll talk to you in a few months and update you with our progress. Good day.
Peter Kern: Yes. I would just add to that a couple of things. One, around the question of cost savings by division, that's something we really can't identify yet and won't identify. There's a lot of shared costs and a lot of -- we're doing more to make the businesses collaborate. So, I think it's really not helpful, even for you, I think, long-term to think of it on a by division basis. I think we're looking across shared opportunities, shared inefficiencies, and where we can get out of things that don't make sense and eliminate friction. So, I think, it's something we're looking for anywhere it exists. And it's not a division by division question. I think, also just to add to Barry's point at the end about EPS, and you asked whether we have the right assets to compete. I think, actually, we have terrific assets to compete. We've got brands that are strong in certain places and not in others, we've got -- and vice versa. We've got to do a better job of differentiating our brands and the customer proposition that our brands provide. But, we have a lot of ways to serve a lot of different demand. And we're using EPS to fill in the gaps and serve geographies and certain demand pools that we can't get at directly. So, I think we have a very attractive way to go eat as much gross bookings as they are out there in the world. And that's what we're going to try to do as efficiently as we can.
Peter Kern: Sure. So, Justin, I think, the way we look at the revenue drivers, it's not a comp issue. We want to drive healthy -- as much healthy revenue growth as we can find. In the near term, we are in a period where we are coming off of weaker back half of '19. So, that's a dulling effect. And we are being very clinical about, as I mentioned, geographies and marketing spend and trying to get rid of empty calories. It's not a bad thing to drive performance marketing and to drive throughput when you're good at getting repeat customers and you're good at turning them into being direct customers. But, when you're not as good as you could be, it's not the most efficient use of capital. So, we want to get better at all of those things. And so, in the near-term, I think you'll see some pressure on the top-line from those movements, which we think are very healthy. But, out of that we believe we will find much better ways to invest our capital geographically by brand. We think we will do a better job of repeat business and direct customer experience because we will be better at the customer experience side of the business. We have huge leverage that we can't even really calculate that will come out of the platform technology group, whether it be the data and AI side, the management and yield side, the cloud. There's just a number of places where we can just do a lot better. And so, we believe all of those things will drive conversion, will drive better customer experience, will drive stickier customer relationships, will allow us to invest more aggressively, and all of those things will accelerate revenue going forward.
Peter Kern: Okay. I'll talk about loyalty, but I was going to add that -- no, that's okay. I would say that the industry suffered or benefited from a high degree of commercialization around everything they did. It was an aggressive, how can we turn a customer into a consumer into a buying hotel room. And that goes for all OTAs. And I think ironically, to tie a few of these questions together, that Google's pressure and the pressure on performance marketing puts the pressure back on all of us to make it really about the consumer experience. You can't just cash your ticket every time and have the consumer feel like they're having a great experience and they have a reason to come back. So, it's on us to do. There is a lot of work streams going on against that. It covers a lot of activities, including what you serve up to the customer and how well you match content and supply with them, all the way through to how you take care of customer service calls and everything else. So, we are on that path and we are aggressively focused on that. And we may have Google and the rest to thank for driving us there. But, we should have been there and we will be there. As for loyalty, it's an important part of our consumer proposition from Hotels.com. Again, we are going to strive to better differentiate our brands. Berry took you through the end to end opportunity that brand Expedia offers, Hotels.com is another thing, Vrbo again another thing. So, we are going to differentiate those and drive to the biggest pools of demand, we can take them all, and hopefully they will work symbiotically and to the greater benefit.
Peter Kern: Yes. And Deepak, this is Peter. I would just -- to your question of the timing and how to think about the expenses, I'm afraid we're not going to give you much satisfaction here. This is a work in progress across literally the entire Company, and all pockets of spend and all activities. And we are making progress on many, many fronts, but some will take time to germinate and some will be sooner. And, you'll know as soon as we know, but we can't give you much color except to say obviously as we take these things out and they stack up, they obviously get better as the quarters, they should. We should get more savings as the quarters go by. But how much and how volatile that number is, it's still pretty early to tell. So, we're committed to getting through it in an orderly fashion in a way that helps the business and doesn't break something new. And we believe we can get through the lion's share of that by the end of the year and be kind of at our full run rate. But again, it's across so many things that it would be impossible to give you a schedule of that.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks for the question, Lloyd. I think, the specifics are taking place on many fronts. This isn't a rebuild or anything else. In fact, as you probably know, as well as Barry and I, the Company has been moving to PWA to drive mobile abilities across our brands. That translation has taken time. There's been some bumps in the road. But now, our biggest brands are there and -- or nearly there. And I think that's a big opportunity for us to improve on that app experience. In fact, the app growth and app conversion has been showing signs of being better than the rest of the business. I attribute some of that to PWA and any the experimentation people can do. We obviously -- once we have it nailed, we've got to push into it, push into it with marketing and push into it with getting our consumers there more, getting into sign in more and all of those things. So, it's across a whole waterfront. I think, the biggest sea change is just our push to the Company that this has to be our focus and this has to be where we want to move people. We need to get them out of refishing for them in the performance channels and into having real relationships with us. So, it's a holistic kind of approach. But it's taking place on the marketing side, on the product side, on the innovation side and everything else. And so, I think, we're going to push across all those things.
Peter Kern: This is Peter. I'll take the end of that, Kevin, which is we don't really disclose how big SEO is and don't intend to. But, it's still a significant part of the business and a good part of the business. We've been belaboring this. But clearly as we move to direct relationships and direct traffic with our customers, that is the single best way we can offset any declines that come from SEO. In terms of what happened in the third quarter, I think it was a compounding of a number of tactical things that Google did and we did not respond well to. Again, Barry mentioned in the very beginning, we were caught up in a rather large undertaking in terms of reorganization, and that took people's eyes off the ball and our view. And we could have done better, we should have done better, we will do better. There were also some changes to auction -- some auction dynamics in meta that we did not respond particularly well to. So, there are number of things that were going on that we were not really on top of. SEO's one of them. But, I think as you think about it, we expect SEO to be a continued headwind. Google, until someone stops them, is not going to stop doing what they've been doing. We've seen signs, as early -- as recently as last week, of some changes that may have impact. And hopefully they will think better of it and create a fairer marketplace. But, we can only control what we can. We're working really hard to offset those headwinds in pure SEO activity, as well as do everything we can around the rest of the business to make up for whatever we give up in SEO.
