Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. The third quarter was another good one for Expedia, in what is turning out to be a very good year. Gross bookings growth of 29% and revenue growth of 22% continue the healthy top line trends that we've seen throughout 2014. Strong fixed cost discipline allowed us to invest aggressively in selling and marketing, while continuing to grow the bottom line, with adjusted EBITDA up 20% and adjusted earnings per share up 35% year-on-year. As a group, our core OTA transactional businesses continued to perform well on a global basis, with Brand Expedia and Hotels.com delivering strong top and bottom line growth, augmented by our Travelocity marketing agreement. We continue to invest aggressively in expanding our trivago brand worldwide and are very encouraged with the scale and growth that we're seeing in the U.S., Canada, Australia and certain Asia Pacific markets, such as Hong Kong, Taiwan and Singapore. trivago growth also helps our core OTA growth. While TripAdvisor is a our largest metasearch partner overall, trivago continues to gain share and deliver more clicks to Brand Expedia than TripAdvisor did in the third quarter. As such, we anticipate continued investment in share gains for trivago for the balance of the year. The market in China continues to be very dynamic and fiercely competitive, with a number of players making significant and increasing investments. This has led to challenges and competitive headwinds for eLong, which has been aggressively competing and generally taking share over the past number of years. As such, the plan is to increase investments there, which we expect to lead to increased losses for eLong beginning in the fourth quarter and into 2015. We intend to build a big business in what is expected to become the largest travel market in the world and we believe our investments there will lead to substantial value creation for our shareholders over the long term. Meanwhile, Egencia is in full execution mode, scaling nicely, signing new business at an unprecedented pace, investing in innovation and moving VIA clients on to its online platform. What we're seeing environmentally is a healthy overall travel market, along with ongoing competitive intensity worldwide and shared generally accruing to the bigger global players, who can compete aggressively across the marketing channels, attract new travelers and deliver in a way that creates a significant base of loyal customers. We're seeing strong growth in variable channels, where the cost to acquire customers continues to increase. We've also increased spend on brand advertising across our brands in a space that's quite competitive, with key players pushing hard to get their brand message heard by travelers around the globe. These dynamics put pressure on our overall marketing efficiencies, but we feel good about our ability to continue to profitably gain share on a global basis through best-in-class consumer experiences and ever broadening travel supply. In terms of our overall hotel business, we continued to see healthy trends of room night and revenue growth. As we mentioned last quarter, we continue to ramp up hiring in our hotel supply organization and are seeing excellent results in terms of the revenue contribution from newly added hotels, up nearly threefold year-over-year. From a technology perspective, work is ongoing to improve supplier-facing tools, so that we can increase engagement with hotels and at the same time, improve their self-service capabilities. We believe that combining a bigger team with better technology should help us grow our total business over the long term. Overall, 2014 is shaping up to be a good year for Expedia. We've made a lot of progress in the last few years, but competition is not sitting still and we know that there's a lot of work ahead of us. We have a good strategy in some very clear focus areas that we think will continue to drive growth and create value over time. These include focusing on our core technology and conversion improvements; continuing to build out our global hotel supply and making the right investments to do so; leaning in on marketing to drive traffic and downloads; investing in key, long-term growth market, such as China; building a big media and advertising business; and lastly, employing smart, capitalized allocation that includes opportunistic M&A and share repurchases to augment organic growth. Each of these factors adds up incrementally to a strong business that we believe can deliver balanced and sustainable long-term growth, through a constantly improving search and booking experience for travelers, both leisure and corporate, all over the world. With that, I'll hand it to Mark.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Thanks, Justin. As far as Europe goes, we haven't observed, I would say, a big macro move in the environment. Obviously, with the euro getting weaker compared to the U.S. dollar and it's not just unique to the euro, it's also common to a lot of other currencies out there, the strength of the dollar is going to be a headwind for us in a number of these markets. And as Mark mentioned, is going to be a headwind for Q4, at least as we -- compared to where we were in Q2. So I mean, when we look at euro -- when we look at Europe, the first thing that we look at is the strength of the euro. Some airlines are dealing with strikes, some labor issues, but we've -- through our industry, we've seen lots of unrest in different parts of the world. And because we do have a global scope, the business doesn't seem to move significantly as a result of local issues. But we'll watch Europe. Obviously, the economy there is not as strong as we would like it to be and most companies would like it to be, but we haven't observed any significant macro trends there. As far as the -- your question on loyalty. I'd say there are 2 significant factors there. One is eLong, which has been couponing for some period of time, continues to coupon aggressively, especially on mobile and a higher and higher percentage of their traffic is going on mobile as well. And then the second in general is -- has to do with Hotels.com and also, Expedia, to some extent, in that a higher percentage of Hotels.com's bookings, especially, are rolling over members who are Welcome Rewards members. And to the Welcome Rewards, cost is kind of an upfront cost that we recognize. And the benefit that we get is that we have higher repeat rates and typically welcome Rewards Members come to us direct versus other channels. So the benefit is delayed, while the cost is recognized upfront. And as a higher percentage of our bookings come over Welcome Rewards, it's a wonderful thing. But essentially, we're building a long-term asset of loyal customers and paying for it upfront. So that's another factor as far as what we talked about with our loyalty programs as well. I'd say the last factor, when we talk about discounting, is that, we are, in general, pricing more aggressively on Hotwire. This is in good macro environment, opaque channels and opaque supply in general takes a step back. And the Hotwire team has elected essentially to move some of their margins over to their customers. And we're seeing some pretty interesting trends there. And I do think that that's something that's going to continue.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I'd say the ROIs are roughly comparable. We've been able to -- the EI brands in general, I think, are growing share within the trivago marketplace. trivago is growing a lot of share as far as overall traffic to, call it, travel websites. And the good news is that we are able to get this growth within the trivago marketplace at ROIs that are good and they're roughly comparable with ROIs that we look in general for the meta's channel.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as Google Hotel Finder goes, we're seeing increased traffic coming through Google Hotel Finder. It is -- it's clearly getting more exposure. And in general, I think that the product continues to improve. And Google has invested in it, we'll continue to invest in it. I think, from our standpoint, we're happy to play in any market that Google puts out there. And I think, over a long period of time, we have proven an ability to get our fair share in the Google marketplaces, whether to bid at marketplace, whether it's CPC, whether it's SEO and I think the same will be true of Hotel Finder as well. I think Google, in general, is introducing a number of technologies, retargeting technologies, not just against Hotel Finder, but other parts of their site. We're experimenting with them and we are seeing some potential wins there. And we'll continue to work with Google to kind of create win-win situations, where we can spend more and make more.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mark, I think it's a great question. That is something that we talk about a ton here. I think one of the significant factors, as it relates to our specific P&L, is that marketing and -- sales and marketing efficiency will continue to have headwinds against it, as long as we are aggressively growing our international points of sale. And we intend to continue to aggressively grow our international points of sale. We don't think we're close even to midstream there. We have a very, very strong position domestically, but -- and we're improving in Europe. We're improving in Asia Pacific. We're improving in Latin America. But we're talking years and years of continued investment and growth and growth. So as long as we're able to find more pockets internationally to grow, in general, that growth will come at higher cost than domestic and will hurt our sales and marketing percentage as a percentage of revenue. Now if you look at each of those countries themselves, in general, as our different points of sale mature, they do tend to get more efficient on a sales and marketing front. But then we typically take a good amount of that sales and marketing and then we reinvest it in a new country or we invest more aggressively in a country that is less mature. So we think that formula is going to continue for some period of time. And the formula that we do have is that we combine that -- the pressure on sales and marketing with very disciplined structure on the fixed costs. And for a long period of time and I think it'll continue, we are going to leverage our fixed costs, our cost of sales, our G&A, even technology, at this point, so that we can afford to make those marketing investments and we can afford to keep growing at the bottom line, cash flow, earnings per share, et cetera. We think, as long as we can do that, we will be a share gainer in what is an enormous industry. So at this point, while we ask ourselves the same question, it's not a matter of life and death. This is the growth formula and so far, it's working for us.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think what we've observed in the China market are a couple of factors. One is that, with the advent of mobile, China is going online and it's mobile very, very fast. The overall market is going very quickly. And as a result of those 2 factors going online fast, going mobile fast and in general, travel being a very, very big category, it is a -- it's a very attractive category for companies to invest in. And we have seen more investment coming in from, not just Ctrip, who's our primary competitor, but other players in the metasearch category. There was news, for example, that Alibaba is launching a site as well. So it's an attractive category. It's a big category that's going online fast. And as a result, we are seeing more capital come into the marketplace. And we built a very nice, big business with eLong with a really, really strong management team and our plan is to keep investing behind that.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as Home Away goes, there's -- we have been slowly turning on exposure to Home Away inventory. And more recently, as Home Away piped in more inventory into Brand Expedia, we have -- we kind of the increased the exposure to our customer segment. So I will be able to answer that question much better over the next couple of quarters. In general, we are seeing interest. I'd say it's interesting interest, it's not huge, but it's certainly interesting. There is a cross-sell going on. There is some cannibalization. I would say that our instinct is that it's net positive, but it's too early to tell. So if you ask me the same question next quarter, I'll probably have a better answer.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'd say it's more all of the above. And the China market is moving very fast. It's quite entrepreneurial. And at this point, it's a battle across multiple fronts. Couponing is prevalent there. Everyone is -- the mobile penetration is moving very fast. So everyone is developing aggressively for mobile and marketing aggressively with mobile as well. And also, we are aggressively investing on the technology and supply front. So it's a multi-front investment and we're quite confident that the eLong team can build value there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. Listen, this is a trillion-dollar global marketplace. And Mark and I are never bored, as is anyone here. We've got plenty to do. We think, as a company, we're executing better, but we think we can execute much better going forward. And we think, as a result, staying focused on what we're doing now is going to give us plenty of opportunity and it's going to keep us pretty darn busy.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. And we have moved over that business on to some of the newer technology platforms that we had previously moved our hotel business, air business, et cetera. And we are very optimistic about the increased capabilities that we can build there. So it's an existing business. We're not getting into a new business. We've got a strong management team there and we think there's plenty of organic growth in that category.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. In general, as far as the variable channels go, the 2 most significant variable channels that we have are Google SEM and metasearch. And in general, we are seeing CPCs, or cost-per-click, in both of those channels increase on a year-on-year basis. Some of it is because ADR's increased in general. You're going to see CPC increase. But some of it, we believe, is because of increased competition, we are seeing more of a supplier-direct presence in some of those channels that we had seen in the past. But the good news is that we're still able to innovate. We're still able to optimize in those channels and in general, grow those channels. But it is getting more expensive.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I'd say, as far as the 500 basis points of ADR growth, I'd say the majority of that ADR growth was related to, call it, core ADR growth. That is the cyclical recovery that we have seen in the hotel sector. Obviously, FX, on a go-forward basis, is going to be a headwind there, especially in the European, Latin American and some of the Asian markets. So my guess is, the ADRs for Q4 are going to come down, at least for us, in U.S. dollar terms, compared to where they were in Q3. There was some mixed shift with eLong, but the majority of it was kind of core global ADRs.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. And just adding to something that Mark said. We -- our businesses operate on lots and lots of different platforms. And those platforms, different parts of those platforms or different platforms, age over a period of time. And we are constantly revitalizing different platforms that affect different parts of the business. And what we don't want to get into is a situation where we were 5, 6 years ago, where we were really under-investing and had a bunch of catch-up to do. And I think, at this point, we've got the right kind of balance of, as we see a platform that needs to be revitalized, we can make that investment without it causing huge shifts in our technology spend or CapEx in general. It's a much more healthy spot to be.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'd say, on Travelocity, as far as an update on the partnership, I'd say the Travelocity team and our teams are working closely. We don't control the Travelocity marketing plan. They've got a very, very strong marketing team there. And in general, they continue to build their brand, which is a very strong brand. And they are developing, really, the variable channels, which have become more available to them now that they have a platform that is -- that can convert well and a supply base that is a -- that's kind of a best-of-breed supply base, especially in North America. That said, we don't have, I would say, very significant visibility into their plans or spend. That's a separate company. They are competitor of sorts with us. So there is a bit of a Chinese wall there. And as a result, we would have a hard time giving you real insight as to what their plans are for Q4 or for 2015. As far as the travel environment goes, I have a relatively -- we've been here for a long time, but I feel like I've got a short memory. But this is -- this is a pretty darn strong environment and it's strong broadly. And the strength is also augmented by the fact that there's very little supply coming into the marketplace. You don't hear about -- much about increased supply for, certainly, the domestic airlines. And in general, hotel supply growth, which trails kind of cyclically slow, other than a couple of markets. New York was an exemption, for example, last year. Hotel supply growth has been muted as well. So that creates a very, very strong environment for our supply partners. And it's a great tailwind for us as well, as far as ADRs go. So I think it's an environment where you can have win wins. I do think that in strong environments, intermediaries like us have to work harder because suppliers have -- the alternatives for suppliers improve. And I think, as a company, we know we have to get better. There are certain parts of our business, the opaque parts of our business, for example, Hotwire, or the package parts of our business, that take a bit of a nick as far as the quality of the inventory goes, or the quality of the discounts. But it's unquestionably good for the retail part of the business and the retail part of the business is growing very, very nicely. So all in all, when we look at the environment, we're happy about the environment. And frankly, we don't want it to change.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as Ebola, terrorism, et cetera goes, we do see local changes in travel patterns as a result of local events. So for example, Russian ADRs came down with the trouble there. The Hong Kong market has softened a bit as a result of the troubles there or the protests. And travel to West Africa is down on a year-on-year basis as well. So we certainly see local effects. It is tough, at this point, to assess out whether there's been a global effect with Ebola. We've done some analysis, but honestly, we haven't spent much time on it. So while Ebola might be having some effect, we don't think that it's a significant effect. And if it were significant, it will be something that we would -- we bring up in this call. We just don't see it yet. It could change if the news gets worse, but at this point, there's not a big macro effect that we're observing.
Dara Khosrowshahi: It's tough to tell. I'd say the local people maybe are staying more in their bedrooms. But there's always some place exciting to travel to. In general, the price of getting to destinations, flights other than the U.S., has come down. It's become quite available with low cost carriers to the general public. So it's our feeling that the demand just shifts from one market to the other and doesn't suffer in a significant way on an overall basis.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think as far as clicks go, the volume of clicks isn't dependent on conversion. That's a volume of clicks that essentially click off that a trivago will send us or a TripAdvisor will send us, but it certainly wasn't a comment on conversion. I would say, in general, while this isn't a comment on consumer experience, trivago traffic tends to be more domestic based and TripAdvisor has a greater international mix of customers, which makes some sense. One of the strengths of TripAdvisor is their reviews, et cetera. So maybe if you're flying off to France and you're looking for some place to stay in the South of France, TripAdvisor can certainly add a lot of value there. trivago seems to add very significant value for a price conscious consumer who wants to find, who -- kind of a power user who wants to find the absolute best pricing and availability out there. So maybe that's a reflection of the mix. Both products are very, very strong products and both products continuing to grow and take increasing share of travel search.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, as far as mobile share goes. In previous calls, we talked about mobile being, I'd say around 20% of room nights across our various brands. And that share continues to grow as our mobile channels, I'd say, across the board, are growing faster than our desktop channels. And that's both in terms of traffic and in terms of room nights as well. On the conversion rates on mobile, that's not something that we talk about, for competitive reasons. But certainly, we see in mobile, as you would expect, very significant, last-minute activity. We also see significantly shorter length of stay. Again, to be expected. In general, while mobile is a very, very nice growth story for us, our ability to acquire customers across mobile channels profitably is challenged. So mobile, I'd say, is a revenue, is a great revenue tailwind and is a sales and marketing headwind for us. But one thing that we are seeing that's very encouraging is that the pattern of use from mobile bookers on our apps, et cetera, is very, very strong. These are really good products that we are introducing and innovating and Hotwire has won a bunch of prizes for their product. Brand Expedia introduced a great new mobile app experience, et cetera. And the various brands are also launching on wearables. So our ability to invest and innovate, I think, creates an advantage for us. And as a result of that, we think, over a long period of time, mobile is going to be a very, very significant opportunity for us. I would say, internationally, what I've said, applies internationally everywhere. China, in particular, is seeing a higher percentage of mobile adoption than, I'd say, elsewhere in the world. And a very high percentage of that mobile activity is on apps versus mobile web.
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just good -- thank you to the Expedia, Inc. worldwide employee base. We had another good quarter and let's keep our eyes on the ball and let's keep executing. And thanks, everyone, for joining us.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And Mark, just with respect to mix. If you look back over the course of and they haven't announced yet, but if you look over the course of the last number of quarters, as a percentage of revenue, they've been in and around 3% or 4%. So relatively small part of revenue for us.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Absolutely. Eric, so with respect to FX, at the current rates, we think they're somewhere around 300 to 400 basis point impact on Q4 adjusted EBITDA growth.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And I would just add that with respect to tourist attractions, we've actually got a decent sized business, we call it our local expert business. It's a large business. It's something that we'll be increasingly focusing on. And it's something we think, that mobile creates specific opportunity on. So I think you might hear more about that business in the coming years. It's something that we've got already in-house and it's something we can build nicely organically.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And with respect to ETP. As a reminder, it has really become business as usual for us. We continue to see great traction and a positive response from both consumers and suppliers. We are up to well north of 50,000 hotels that are now on the program and it's growing nicely. We recently signed up Choice Hotels on the ETP deal. And there's very few of the major chains that are not participating. Most of them and certainly, a vast majority of the large ones are involved in the program. And again, we continue to be very happy with what we see there.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes. Doug, on Travelocity, obviously we got a nice boost from adding that business into our P&L this year. And that will create a more difficult comp for us next year. However, as a reminder, Q1 of this year was a partial quarter. So we still will have some baked-in benefit going into 2015. And also, just as a reminder, I mean, the Travelocity business is on the Brand Expedia platform and that's a platform that continues to innovate. And the Travelocity business will be a recipient of the year-on-year gains that Brand Expedia has been able to consistently turn out on that platform. So we continue to think that, that can be a growth business and we will obviously bake in our expectations for that business into our 2015 guidance, which we'll give you on the next call.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And with respect to CapEx. I mean, the biggest portion of our CapEx is capitalized software development. And the portion that we capitalize is generally all-around new features and innovation as opposed to pure maintenance. So the big picture answer is that most of the CapEx is around new products. It's mostly about innovation. And really, with respect to big initiatives, they might be nearing completion. I mean, we have largely moved this business away from big initiatives. The Brand Expedia replatforming is largely done. ETP has been rolled up -- rolled out. And really, we're in a spot now where the things we're working on are a lot of small things that together, add up to nice conversion benefits. And so we don't expect there to be a significant roll-off, if anything, in the future that would slow down the trajectory we're on right now in terms of our tech and content expenses on a cash basis, which have an impact on CapEx.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So the advertising and other line, up 29% versus last quarter, 54%. There was a little bit of a slowdown in our ad and media growth, our ad and media business, the Media Solutions business. But there certainly was a continuation of share gains by particularly Brand Expedia and Hotels.com in trivago. I think the teams are continuing to look for ways to gain more share in trivago. And I would just say generally, that trivago is a channel that really reflects what's happening in the broader industry, which is the global players are generally taking share from the smaller players. So it's hard for me to look into crystal ball and tell you whether share gains will continue forever. But I do think that that's a very real possibility. In terms of the sequential growth rate in trivago. We said in the last call that it had been growing broadly in line in the second quarter, as it had since the time of the acquisition. So this is a bit of a slowdown from that. Certainly, something we are anticipating largely because they were lapping over a pretty aggressive push into the U.S. through 2013...
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, definitely, as well. With respect to room night growth outlook for Q4, we're not going to give a guide on the overall room night growth trends. But I think, if you take a look at the past number of quarters and you normalize for Easter and you normalize for some slowdown we saw in eLong this quarter, it's been pretty consistent.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Michael, on car. I would just say, generally, in the overall U.S. environment, particularly, no real change to the story. Fleets remain tight, access to inventory remains a bit of a challenge and I think that's something that we're certainly expecting to continue, just given the consolidation that we've seen in that industry. With respect to our performance in car, we've seen some very nice results, Brand Expedia putting the car business on the new technology platform has really helped us out there and they're seeing great trends. Obviously, with the addition of the Travelocity business and to a lesser extent, the Auto Escape business, our recent acquisition has helped us. RPDs are relatively flat year-on-year, slight growth primarily on mix. And we are seeing some revenue margin pressure principally with respect to mixed shift away from the Hotwire or opaque business and some more discounting there as well. So I think, overall, it's a healthy story for us. But the challenges remain in the U.S. car rental industry more broadly.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure, happy to, Kevin. I would say that we are adding hotel supply everywhere. We're still very much at the early stage here. But again, just for context, this quarter, we ended up at about 365,000 properties, including eLong. And if you compare that to the 700,000 or 800,000 or even more that's on trivago or TripAdvisor, there's just a ton of headroom left. We think there's headroom and pretty significant headroom still remaining in the U.S., for example, one of our most mature markets and secondary and tertiary markets. We think there's a big opportunity for us in Europe, particularly in the Expedia Traveler Preference Program. It's certainly opened that up for us. So we are -- we're adding everywhere and we would -- I would expect that the pace of acquisition is only going to increase from here. And I think as Dara said, this year, year-to-date, we've got 3x the amount of revenue from new hotels than we did last year. So the results of what we're doing seem to be working and we're going to continue on the path that we're on right now.
