Peter Kern: I'll start at the top. In terms of moving the businesses on to a single technology stack and front end stack, I think hotels.com is an instructive example, in the sense that last year we talked about this a few times. As we're moving hcom across, we obviously did less to improve Hcom as a standalone entity, because all the engineers were working on moving it. So, you lose a little momentum as you're moving something. And then there is typically an uplift period where you've got to optimize the new stack and the new product on the new stack to get back to where you were, and then get all the benefits beyond that. So there is typically, if you will, a lull that takes place as you move things and some friction that you have to absorb in the numbers. So we did that with Hcom, as I mentioned. We're now getting the benefit of much faster testing between all the OTA brands.  Vrbo is the next one to move. It will suffer a little bit of the same things. But we think we can absorb that, as Julie said, and still show the growth we are planning for this year. And that unlocks, then, of course, being able to do One Key and other things. So there's a lot of unlocks on the other side, but you do have to sort of weather a little friction to get across and we've weathered it in the last year's numbers. We have a little left to weather this year. Again, we think will drive very good growth despite that. And, of course, when it's behind us grow even faster. So, that's what we're really looking at.  And then, on the other side of it, you get the benefit of testing faster, improving the products faster across everybody. You get the benefit of One Key. And you also get the benefit of being able to then deprecate older stacks that have costs associated with them, engineers associated with them, etc. You can put all your resources on the most valuable thing. So, that's the big thing we've got left to do. Those are the two big hitters we're launching this year, but there's lots of other work going on under the covers constantly, both in optimization and in cleaning up and consolidating other back end things in the stack.  And then, on the B2B front, there's a lot that's gone into what's growing, as I mentioned. We think Asia opening up will be good for us. We've had some big relationships there, including China where we haven't gotten much output during COVID. That will help. But really, we've been growing across many vectors. We've talked in the past about our optimized distribution product that we used to help hoteliers with their wholesale businesses. That's been growing very well. We've invested in our travel agent product, which has driven a lot of growth. And we've expanded, as I said, the breadth of our partnerships, the number of our partnerships. We continue to power a lot of the biggest supply partners, like airlines and others. So we continue to grow kind of in every dimension, sort of more partners, more depth with each partner, and new products coming all the time. So that continues to be an exciting area for us. And as we innovate faster with technology, with AI and other capabilities, those underlying capabilities become more and more valuable to our partners.
Peter Kern: We will be investing somewhat more in the loyalty program, but we expect, as we've talked about many times, we think about our investment in acquiring and retaining customers as everything from loyalty to discounting to direct marketing spend and performance brand, et cetera. And we expect to balance those things. So we don't expect the all up cost of that, if you will, to be expanding over the course of the year. It might shift between buckets. And we believe we can underwrite that with the total spend we already have. So there may be some noise. And when we get there, we'll explain it to you in terms of how the loyalty program will roll out. But we expect to absorb that all in all those line items, just trading them off, one against another.
Peter Kern: I think you've heard [indiscernible] talk about it for a while, and maybe it was hopeful. But we continue to see that people are prioritizing travel over just about everything. If any of you have been traveling, I'm sure you've seen it. Rates are still very high. Demand is high. Planes are full. So I think maybe it's still the effect of COVID and people realizing there's more valuable things to do with their lives. And it's not just like revenge travel, but it's beyond that. Like, I want to keep traveling, I want to keep enriching my life. But I think we're seeing high demand. We obviously think we're doing a good job of capturing that demand, relatively speaking, but the markets are strong. We still haven't seen really Asia come back fully.  I'm sure we'll see pockets. We're all worried about it. But so far, demand continues to be quite robust. And we're really pleased with how 2023 is starting. So, with any luck, there'll be soft landings all over the world. And Asia will come back and the industry will remain robust through this year.
Peter Kern: I think as Julie pointed out, January was north of 20% up in lodging, GBV, gross bookings. So we're definitely running ahead of high single digits so far. We'll have to see how the rest of the year plays out, rest of the quarter, rest of the year plays out. But it's really been driven by pretty much all quadrants. It's our brands. It's our B2B business. It's geographically dispersed. APAC is coming back a little stronger, but that's a relatively small base for us. So, it's been pretty broad. And right now, it's definitely running well ahead of where we were in the fourth quarter.
Peter Kern: And I'd add, Kevin. I talked a little bit on the first question about friction. We spent a lot of last year doing some heavy lifting on things like hotels.com, having reduced testing, etc. We really spooled that up in the fourth quarter, and it's accelerating further now. So just the ability to be back and really innovating on the product in the day to day and the product is really valuable and it's increment by increment. It's small pieces. But when you add them up, it really can drive a lot. So conversions improving, lots of things are improving. So I think we're just starting to multiply those effects of all the work we've done along with the marketing and everything else. And hopefully, also, we're working in a good demand environment, which helps. But I think those things are just more tailwinds than headwinds again, and that's just helping to drive us a little faster.
Peter Kern: I would just add on your question of causal or not. What we've seen, Lloyd, is that we've been able to greatly expand the numbers at a pretty rapid pace and bring more and more people into the loyalty plans and into app usage. And our historical – those trends I gave about 2x and 2.5x with even higher multiple for app loyalty members, those have held even as we've expanded the pool. So, it's not just the devotee who's becoming a loyalty member. It's really everybody that we can get into loyalty, that we can get into app usage starts to see all the member benefits, starts to get the pricing benefits and points and other things. And that's consistently sticky at bringing them back. And as Julie says, over time, we'll create more leverage in the model because once we have this bigger and bigger base of loyal customers, then the marketing beyond that, beyond loyalty, et cetera, becomes, again, trying to buy the right customers in given places and add them to the pool. And that we think we can do more effectively once we have a bigger base and more efficiently.
Peter Kern: I'll let Julie deal with the second one. But to your first one, I think the way to think about is you've got to break it up a little bit. First of all, we've got expanding B2B business, where commissions are part of our marketing spend. So as that business grows and has been growing currently faster than our B2C business, you've got some movement into that mix, where the commissions are higher than this 50% level. So, it's pulling the number higher.  At the same time, we're trying to use marketing to build this base of customers, leverage the model. And as the base of direct gets bigger, right, you're driving more business from direct and you start to get leverage in what you're spending to add new people to the funnel because the new people become a somewhat smaller piece of the overall pie of business. And so, that is where I think you will start to see us gain leverage, is as the big base of loyalty and app members grows and grows and grows, and we're very focused on retaining them, lowering churn, all the pieces that go into that. That is how we get a bigger direct business that we're driving on top of adding new people to the funnel. But that spend is now on top of just a bigger and bigger base of customers that keep coming back. So that's where we believe long term we get that leverage from. And the better we get at it, who knows how we will balance growth and profitability, but that is the base on which we build.  Can you repeat the second question? I'm sorry, Anthony.
Peter Kern: China first. Our biggest relationship there is outbound with trip.com in China, and then we have some smaller relationships and some offline travel relationships. It's early days, there's tons of interest. I'm sure you'll hear this from other players, but there's a lot of shopping going on. But it's still fairly challenging for outbound travel between the political issues, between airlift which is challenging, and there's still a lot of unique rules now getting in and out of China that the airlines are dealing with, making it hard to fly direct and so forth. And then, of course, you've got the issues of Russian airspace, with great issues with European airlift to China. So it's going to take a little while to work itself out. But interest is very high. We are seeing uplift, but we expect a big uplift to be still a little ways out. But it's very exciting, obviously, and hopefully, some of the things that are going on will quiet down, and we'll continue to see more robust cooperation between various governments to make it more possible. Certainly, the US travel industry is doing a lot to lobby to get rid of various restrictions.  The second piece, we are already planned at 4x velocity. So that has a lot to do with bringing sort of the core classic OTA brands together. So Hotels, Expedia, and then some of the smaller brands that ride the same rails already.  Vrbo is the next thing to come across. And it will benefit from a lot of similar testing. But it will also be a somewhat unique product in its own right. So, the 4x has nothing to do with Vrbo coming across or not. It's really around core OTA. When Vrbo comes across, it will get the knock on effect of some of these winners and some of these benefits that can go across everything, whether it's in checkout or payments or other things. But on the front end, the Vrbo front end will still be a little different, and it will get some of those benefits, but the 4x is already baked, going to happen. And I think in terms of what we're capable of as a company, I would say that's less than halfway home because as we get more and more of the whole back end of the stack aligned, as we get our test environment all aligned, we have lots of opportunity to go faster. And a lot of our tests are now really more than what used to be a single test because they're AI driven with multi variables. And so, one test might be the equivalent of 10 tests. So it's really starting to amp up considerably.  And there's a lot of opportunity that we haven't gotten to during all our big transitions because we're just so focused on shifting things and moving them into one platform. And we're finally getting back to the bread and butter of doing that. And there's a lot of upside there.
Peter Kern: I think we could probably talk about your second question for a couple hours. But I'll take your first one first, which is, yes, we precisely believe that with brand Expedia – again, we talked about Expedia in the US. Expedia is obviously in a lot of countries. And the issue has been not everything we've developed was immediately available in all languages and all geographies. Likewise, not on all brands. So as we start to be able now with hotels.com on the same stack, with each benefiting from the same goodness that comes from tests and other things, we're going to be able to roll out that playbook to more and more places.  Now, there's still some work to do. Hcom's loyalty programs still different than Expedia. Once we have One Key, that will simplify that whole ecosystem as well. But we believe that those big brands, inclusive of Expedia, hotels.com, now on the same stack, and Vrbo and our B2B business, they will inflect past the slower growth of some of the smaller things.  But to be clear, we want to move back into geographies, we want to play this playbook out in more places, this is not about, like, keeping the good and slowing down the bad. And then there's no bad, but slowing down the slower growing. This is about keeping the focus on the winning strategy and deploying it in as many places in as rigorous and controlled way as we can. And you're winning in more places and driving the business that way. So, it's a bit of, you're right, the big, good stuff overtaking the slower growth stuff. It's also about deploying the strategy to some of the slower growth items where we think we can still drive, whether it's a geography or a certain brand in a certain market where we believe we can play this playbook out and have the same success. So it's a combination of those things.  As far as AI goes, the big conversation, we already use a fair amount of AI and machine learning in all kinds of products. There's opportunities, for sure, in some of the newer things we're all talking about, like voice et cetera. In customer service, we're already experimenting with that there. In creating content and answering queries for customers. But we're using machine learning across the board in terms of personalization, in terms of how we sort for you, what we serve up to you. We'll use it in direct consumer communications over time, et cetera. So, we're using that. And as I mentioned, we're using it in testing as well as we develop more sophisticated algorithms to test multivariable tests. Do multivariable tests, that expedites all our testing. So we're using it.  I'd say probably its biggest, highest value is ultimately in personalization. But you can think about that really broadly in terms of how you get service, taking care of how you search even for properties, natural voice search, which we already have a voice search capability, but that will get better with the benefit of the new AI capability. So all of those things become big opportunities to advance it. And I think we are by far at the forefront in our category in terms of how to use it and how we can use it to best improve the customer experience.
Peter Kern: I think, to your first question, we're not seeing anything – I'm sure we could dissect every variable and find some difference, but there's not anything, when you look at it broadly, that says luxury is doing well, but the bottom is doing poorly or vice versa. We are generally a little more biased towards the middle and upper end of the market. And we are seeing fairly consistent strength.  As I mentioned, APAC, measured against itself, is coming back faster, but it had a longer way to come back. Obviously, the West has been back for a while. But it's also seeing nice growth. So APAC for us is not big enough to drive our overall number. So it really is kind of everything. And by and large, it's every class of product and class of – every type within a class of product. So there's nothing we've really seen that's driving like, wow, luxury is off the board and everything else is making up for other things. So we haven't seen much movement between products or trade downs or any of that. It's been pretty consistent.  January, as I mentioned, we believe it's a combination of a lot of work we've put in in terms of improving the product, getting through some of the hardest transitions, getting back to testing, getting our marketing machine refined, and that's constantly improving. And we've been talking for a long time – Julie mentioned that we've been investing for a while in some of these long term vectors. And as we've all talked about, we gave up some short term business to focus on app downloads, to focus on getting the right kinds of customers. And we knew it would take some time for this to start to multiply on itself and get the benefit because people don't always book travel 20 times a year.  So I think this is the benefit of time of catching up and stacking up the base of members, this base of app users, improving the product. As we've gone, we've launched a bunch of great features around flight tracking and comparison shopping and smart shopping and collaborative shopping and a bunch of new products, all of which have been very engaging in their own right. We're rolling those out to more places all the time. We just recently rolled out flight tracking to the rest of the world outside the US. So we're seeing great benefits in those things. And I think they're just starting to stack up now. There's no magic to January 1. So I can't tell you exactly why January.  But post all the disruptions of the storms, we've seen really strong, robust demand and rebound. And I think it's a combination of a ton of hard work across our entire company.
Peter Kern: I think that was it. So thank you all for joining us. Appreciate your time and look forward to our next update. Take care. Thank you, operator.
Julie Whalen: Yeah. And I think just to remember, even when you go back to the third quarter, we also had high single digits. So really the fact that we're holding that ex all the storms and the noise that we've been talking to you guys about, and it's been accelerated in the fourth quarter, and we're seeing a step change as we enter into 2023, as well as with our Bex US business, we think that's a really good sign that we've got some strength ahead for this year.
Julie Whalen: Yeah. That was I think called out in our remarks. But that was pretty much solely due to the weather-related incidents. ADRs have been holding pretty strong, but still elevated. I don't think we've heard anyone else speak of any issues with ADRs. We've seen a little bit of movement in Vrbo. But again, it's coming of off really high levels, and it's not that significant. Slight movement. But ADRs are really holding strong for us across the board. 
Julie Whalen: So on the marketing side, from a leverage perspective, we actually are leveraging with our all-up spend with, obviously, loyalty and discounting which are contra revenues.  When you look at totality on the year, we are leveraging and we expect to hold that, if not improve it, next year. I think we're just wanting to make sure we make the point that on any particular quarter, you can see movement, right? Because we're shifting our spend and have started to do that now for a couple of quarters where we're putting more of our spends into long term investments. And so, you could make that investment today and get the benefit two or three quarters out. And so, it's not about any one particular 90 days that we should be judging per se, the total bucket of our spends. So, we're really focused on leveraging it in total on the year across the entire spend profile.  So, I think that's how you should think about it. I think it's great that we've seen it leverage. We're shooting for that again here. And I think when you look at things like the types of customers, the high lifetime value customers that we are getting and are getting significantly more in brand Expedia US business and we're seeing that translate into really strong revenue, it's a pretty exciting time to see this all come to fruition.
Julie Whalen: Obviously, [Technical Difficulty] that we believe on the year that we can drive double-digit comps year-over-year. We're obviously not speaking how it plays out by quarter. But I think what's super exciting is how we started 2023 at these levels with greater than 20 on our [Technical Difficulty] gross bookings and really coming out of the year strong. That gives us a lot of confidence. That plus Bex US and how it's performing under the covers gives us a lot of confidence for the momentum as we move throughout the year. But I wouldn't get ahead of us right now, still early in the year, early in the quarter, but we are committing to the double-digit growth on the year.
Julie Whalen: From a guidance perspective, we said double-digit growth. That's on both top and bottom line, and it's relevant to – year-over-year. So, as I mentioned at the beginning that we're going to be switching next year to no longer be, per se, to tracking against a four year old metric. We're going to move to year-over-year. And so, that guidance is relevant to that.  Regarding headcount, yes, that is different than probably what you've heard in other places. I think what's important to remember is that the team here did an incredible job, taking out $1 billion worth of cost over the last couple of years. And so, we're coming at this from a different spot than many other tech companies and so forth. And so, we've taken out a lot of that cost already. And heads, I think we're down – at some point, down 30% or so. And so, again, coming from a different spot.  We're really being thoughtful about what we invest back into, for obvious reasons. We're watching the economy just like everybody else. Obviously, we're seeing incredibly strong business, but we're being thoughtful about who we invest back into. And really, our investments are primarily in product and tech to support our growth initiatives and to get us over this line. Peter has been talking about getting this tech stack completed. And so, we feel like we're in a great spot to be able to do that with limited levels of headcount growth and maintaining our strong financial discipline, keeping our cost structure below our sales growth. 
Julie Whalen: On margin expansion, I think, first of all, it's important to remember that we're ending this year with record EBITDA levels and margins that are expanding 200 basis points, and we're committed to expanding on top of that. So, we're really proud of where our margins are.  Certainly, we would love to give a target, but I think at that point – I think I even said this last time that when you give the target, then they want the higher target. So, we're really pushing towards driving efficient growth and driving profitable growth. And we think as we're starting to demonstrate when we're getting these lifetime value customers that we can get more efficient, as we have started to do on the year with our marketing spend, and we're deriving the top line to levels that we're seeing has accelerated through the Q4 and coming in even stronger in 2023, all of that should be bode well for us to be able to drive profitability and EBITDA. And so, that's about where we're going to commit to at this point, is margin expansion. But over time, we can update you on as we move through.  From a buyback perspective, as I said earlier, we're really committed to buying back our stock. We believe it's the best use of capital to maximize shareholder returns at this time. Certainly, with that momentum we're seeing in the business, our stock is still undervalued, we believe, and so therefore, we believe buying back our own stock is the best return. So we're going to continue with that. We're going to buy back opportunistically. Obviously, as you mentioned, and as we said earlier, we did buy it back on an accelerated basis, $350 million approximately in the fourth quarter. And that was on top of another $150 million that we had started sort of the end of September. And so, we're going to be continuing with these elevated levels and buying back opportunistically as we go throughout 2023.
