Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So on Travelocity, we didn't disclose the gross bookings number. It did add just under 3 percentage points of global room night growth and about 18 percentage points of air ticket growth. This should help you approximate the number. And I would just remind you that Travelocity has a heavier air bookings mix, so there would be a disproportionate impact on gross bookings relative to revenue.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So I mean, the 2 biggest factors were the ones we called out, Travelocity and Easter offsetting themselves. From a brand perspective, I would say, quarter-to-quarter, pretty consistent trends this quarter to what we saw last quarter across the portfolio. I think that the Hotwire comp will get incrementally easier as we move from Q1 into Q2. It really won't get purely clean until Q3. So that's a bit of a headwind for us. And then the other headwind to keep in mind, although trends continue to be very strong at Brand Expedia, is that we were ramping up on the new packages platform last year in Q1 and into Q2. And so that's an incremental headwind as well. But I think the important message is that, broadly speaking, trends were consistent this quarter to what we saw in the prior quarter across the portfolio.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Well, I would say that Hotwire is actually a headwind for us until Q3. It was -- performance was, I would say, on the way down in Q1 and continued into Q2. And actually, some of the bigger challenges we saw were in fact in Q2. And so, whether that and Easter completely offset each other or not, I'm not sure. But we wouldn't expect a net good guy in Q2. And then I would just remind you what we said or what I said on the last call with respect to Q2, which was that we -- despite the fact that the Street's expectations were higher than ours, we broadly hit our bottom line objectives for Q2, with the exception of some incremental investments in eLong and trivago that we made, and we called out $13 million on a year-on-year basis. And those are brands that we continue to invest in. So we don't expect that Q2 is a particularly easy comp for us on the bottom line. I think we do have some easier volume comps, just given the TripAdvisor transition that started really dropping in, in the second quarter.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes. And Ross, just specifically on the disclosure this quarter. Effective into the future, TripAdvisor is no longer going to be treated as a related party for disclosure -- financial disclosure purposes. And this is a result of the ownership and governance changes that we saw in late 2012 and into 2013.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Great. Thanks, Doug. So for ETP, it's really transitioned into business as usual for us, and it's really transitioned into our primary form of contracting new hotels and our primary form of relationships. 2013 was a year where we transitioned a whole lot of new relationships over to -- our existing relationships over to the ETP contract. And I think we ended the year with about 45,000 hotels live. And really, in 2014, it's just about, as new contracts come up for renewal, putting hotels on those contracts and as we sign up new hotels, putting them on the ETP platform, I would say, broadly speaking, for our consumers and for our suppliers, ETP has been and we expect will continue to be a huge success. It's really removed a lot of the barriers that we historically had with going with the pure merchant model, barriers that consumers felt, barriers that suppliers felt, and really have opened up our platform. Specifically, just in terms of some of the impacts that ETP has driven to our business, really best shown through the growth in our non-eLong agency room nights. Last quarter, we disclosed that the room night mix for the non-eLong Hotel Collect or agency room nights was over 15% and growing at rates over 100% year-on-year. And we actually saw metrics broadly consistent with that in the first quarter this year as well.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks, Eric. So with respect to Travelocity, we're not giving an update. It's really just too early for us, for one. Secondly is, on the last call, I went through a number of the unknowns, if you will, around where that lands. Implementation, I think, is better known now than, certainly, it was the time of our last call. But what they spend on sales and marketing and the ultimate conversion of the websites are still an unknown for us. So we have no updates. Our full year guidance does include our expectations for Travelocity. Our next year guidance will include our expectations for Travelocity. And with the exception of some incremental disclosures that we'll make, similar to what we did this quarter around the impact on some operating metrics to help the investment community and our shareholders understand what's happening with the core business, we don't plan to give specific disclosures around Travelocity, similar to the way we treat our own owned main brands. With respect to our full year guidance, listen, all I'd say is that Q1 is a relatively tiny quarter for us, particularly on an adjusted EBITDA and net income level. And so a slight beat versus our expectations results in a de minimus change to our full year outlook. And certainly, we, at this point, are not -- have not changed our outlook on the business and our guidance remains the same.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, I would just say broadly across the board, we saw strength in the business. I think Travelocity is, as you probably gathered from our remarks, pretty tough for us to forecast. So that was a bit of it. But broadly, the business has performed a little bit better than our expectations. Brand Expedia we knew was comping over -- starting to lap over the launch of the package product, and that continued to grow at healthy rates, notwithstanding the tougher comp. So it was broadly felt. With respect to the overall travel environment, it's hard for us to perceive the overall macro trends, just given the fact that we operate in a segment of the market which is growing faster than the overall market, and we think that we're taking share in that segment. But broadly, from what we see and read, which is similar to what you can get access to, the travel market remains pretty healthy: healthy in the U.S.; Europe continues to be, I would say stable to improving; APAC and Latin America are mixed bag. But broadly, we'd say it's a healthy travel environment.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, Brian, I'll take that one. Hotwire essentially experienced, through Q1 and through Q2 of last year, what we would call a reset. It was a reset towards the new reality of the car industry that's more consolidated, new competitive reality with a large competitor introducing a comparable product. Since that reset, if you will, the business has stabilized and they are working towards implementing the strategy that we think is very sound. And you can see it with some of the mobile numbers that Dara shared with you. But it still faces difficult year-on-year comps until Q3. So it was down in -- it was down last quarter. It was down year-on-year this quarter. We would expect to see something similar, but easing in the second quarter. And then things will start to look a little bit better on Q3 and Q4. And on a full year basis, what we've said is we're not counting on Hotwire to contribute to our EBITDA growth story.
Mark D. Okerstrom: We haven't disclosed that. But the bulk of the sales and marketing growth continues to come from our core businesses, plus trivago. trivago, again, you've seen and we've disclosed on an inorganic basis, they added about 800 basis points to our sales and marketing growth. So that was a big driver. Travelocity was a factor, but then our core businesses, Brand Expedia and Hotels.com, on their new technology platforms, are spending aggressively, really funded by the discipline we've got around our overall cost base.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, the hotel path was live for the majority of the first quarter. We implemented that through the end of the fourth quarter. There was some optimization in the first quarter. That's going to continue, actually, throughout the year. So it is hard for me to -- yes, it's hard for me to know for sure whether that's a good proxy. I would call your attention, though, to the fact that in a ramping business, we do see a disproportionate impact on gross bookings than we do on the revenue or stayed room nights, which is the room nights we report. And therefore, the 3%, possibly, could be on the lower side, again, to the extent we're able to have [ph] those stays, and they will happen over the course of subsequent quarters.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. And in terms of our investment on our technology platform, listen, we're very happy about where we are as far as the technology capabilities go across the board as a company. And I think the -- as I mentioned in my remarks, the parts of that you see are the website themselves, but our investment has gone much deeper into the core platforms. And I think at this point, we're at a place where we can continue to roll out new feature sets, whether they're customer-facing feature sets, supplier-facing feature sets, et cetera, while at the same time, continuing to make the kinds of platform investments, reinvest in our platforms so that we don't get into the situation that, frankly, we got into 5 years ago. I think we're at a very, very good place here. There are parts of the business that are still really aggressively investing in technology. trivago is increasing their investment; Egencia, as it integrates; and VIA continues to pretty aggressively invest in technology and appropriately. But I think we've seen the results that we've seen on our consumer sites. We're encouraged. And our execution is getting consistently better across the board. And I do think that you're seeing it on the results. The results have improved. And as you've said, the results in general have gotten more predictable. We're sometimes subject to the vagaries of the market, if there are significant changes in the competitive environment, et cetera, but we do feel like we have a lot more tools at our disposal. And the business is feeling much more like business as usual, which as far as I'm concerned, is great. And I'd say our confidence as a team in our ability to execute is much higher now than it was 2, 3 years ago.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. As long as the room night growth goes, the room night growth is pretty consistent, as it was last quarter, in that the U.S. room night growth was quite solid. It was aided by Travelocity coming into the mix. EMEA room night growth continued to be healthy, and then Asia Pacific room night growth was at very strong levels, along with Latin America as well. So we aren't seeing any significant changes one way or the other as far as the room night volumes and where they're coming from. It's pretty predictable. And we're really happy to see the strength that we're seeing domestically and internationally as well. As far as our total number of properties that we've added, a fair amount of those properties were coming in from eLong. We're integrating the eLong inventory into our mainline inventory, and we'll continue to do so. We are, in general, losing hotels on the GDS side and adding them onto our ETP and other platforms. We do expect that, this year, the contribution that we are getting from new hotels added to the system is going to increase significantly on a year-on-year basis. So I think you will see that as the year goes by. We think that new hotel adds are going to be a bigger part of our business going forward and we like where we started, although it's early.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think it depends. We often see our big GDS producers, we're able to go to them and offer up much stronger merchandising capabilities, packaging capabilities, et cetera. So very often, we're moving them over from the GDS over to our systems. And it's a big win for the hotels, and obviously, it's a big win for us.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, we're not going to break out our spend by channel broadly. You can see that, in general, our sales and marketing spend overall was up significantly on a year-on-year basis. And our strategy has been to invest aggressively in variable channels. So you can come to your own conclusions as it relates to TripAdvisor, but we're not going to be breaking out channels specifically.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, we are -- Travelocity is very much an independent entity as it relates to their marketing spend. So we have very little visibility into what their marketing strategy is. Obviously, we talk to them. But it is a real third-party relationship. And so we see the effects of their marketing spend after the fact. After they spend it, we'll see more visitors, we'll see more transactions or not. So really, we do have some limited visibility there. So far, the implementation has been going well. So far, we hear from Travelocity that they're happy. And obviously, our technology platform and our supply base seems to be converting quite well for them. But other than that, we have quite limited visibility into what's going on down there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And as far as our investment in Room 77, the investment that we did have in Room 77 was pretty small in the grand scheme of things, so we don't have any particular insights as to that acquisition and discussions that happened behind the scenes and/or Google's strategy. If you level up a bit, Google has been investing in their hotel search experience for some period of time in the HPA product, as well as their other mobile products. So their investment in Room 77 and the team there certainly makes sense from a thematic standpoint. And that Room 77 had, we feel, built a nice travel search product, a nice hotel search product. So it fits along that theme, as far as Google's investments go. As long as we are able to work in partnership with Google and are able to competitively bid for their travel search volume, not just hotel search volume, we think we can continue to build our partnership with Google. And at least so far, we don't see any reason why we won't be able to be competitive in the very large Google marketplace on a go-forward basis.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks. As far as Google's hotel product finder, listen, they are -- Google is constantly testing and learning, and they are making all kinds of changes now. Obviously, because of the market share that they have, any changes that they make can have significant downstream effects on partners of theirs, such as ourselves. I'd say the greatest worry that we have with Google in general is not specific to hotel product finder, but it's in general, with the amount of space that they give to other third-party sites, such as ourselves, both on paid and unpaid basis, relative to the amount of space that they give internally. And in markets where they're dominant, which are many markets, this can be a real issue for any one -- any website that really wants to have any kind of share on the Web. That said, we have a partnership with them. We build our partnership with them. They are -- and as they make changes, we adjust. And because of the status of our technology, et cetera, we're able to adjust that faster. So this quarter, we haven't seen anything material that changes our trends overall that we haven't talked to you about previously. As far as alternative accommodations go, we're early in the partnership with Home Away. We're very hopeful in the partnership with Home Away. And right now, we're working collaboratively to optimize the pilot going forward. There's some technology work that they have to do and we have to do in order to essentially connect more of their hotels into our system. Right now, there's a minority of their hotels that -- not hotels, properties that are bookable that we can book through Expedia. And the work that's being done, both by their teams and our teams, is to essentially wire up more of their properties. As we wire up more of those properties, I think we'll have a better sense as to how big alternative accommodations can be. But at this point, we're optimistic.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I guess, Ron, putting it the other way. When you look at last year, we had some pretty difficult headwinds with Hotels.com and Hotwire. There were negative surprises that we had to scramble to recover from. And I think in the second half of the year, we recovered from them pretty effectively. And so far, this quarter has been a pretty boring quarter as far as surprises go, which we're quite happy about. And if the trends continue on a go-forward basis, I think we're set up for a pretty good year. I think that we're going to see lots of competition on the brand marketing side, especially for the summer booking season. So we're certainly prepared for that. But so far, so good. But it's just 1 quarter and we have a long year ahead of us.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Absolutely. So as far as Home Away goes, we haven't seen any pushback from our hotel partners or regulators. I know that there's been a significant amount of controversy around Airbnb and regulators there. I think Home Away has been in business for a much longer time. And from at least what I'm aware of and what we're aware of, has their regulatory marks right on target and isn't seeing any significant push one way or the other. So for now, we're quite happy with the partnership and we hope to build that partnership. We think that complementing our hotel inventory with a vacation rental inventory is only going to be good for consumers. And that's really our goal, is when a consumer searches for Orlando, to give them the most complete set of listings possible. And we think Home Away adds to that and adds to the consumer experience. As far as our -- the surveys, et cetera, those surveys are largely consumer-oriented in order to get kind of consumers looking and booking for travel. As it relates to earnings and financial performances, we typically don't make those predictions. So the general prediction or general observation that I would make is that the travel business, on a global basis, there are ups and downs, obviously. Locally, the travel business has recovered nicely. Most of the airlines that are reporting, the hoteliers that are reporting, the car rental companies that are reporting, are doing well, and we are doing well with them in partnership with them. As far as car goes, in general, we're seeing our car trends improve on a year-on-year basis, kind of Q1 was better than Q4. And we are seeing the suppliers try to up prices a little bit on the car side and with some success. And in general, we're seeing pretty good trends on the car side, at least as it relates to our brand scope.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. In general, as far as our mobile penetration goes, for the brands who are active in mobile, we have in excess of 20% of our transactions on mobile. Hotwire is actually trending up very, very significantly, over 30%. So I'd say the penetration numbers and the trend numbers in mobile are good across the board and are improving across the board. We're very, very happy with the quality of our apps. We continue to drive app downloads aggressively. And we're interested in driving our mobile app business, as well as our mobile Web business, on a global basis. And so far, mobile has been a very nice tailwind for us.
Dara Khosrowshahi: At this point, mobile still continues to be largely a last-minute type of activity -- not all last-minute, but last-minute is a very significant part of our mobile activity, continues to be. Tablet looks a lot like the PC. So tablet is certainly not last-minute, but the handset continues to be fairly last-minute focused.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as our advertising expense growth, I think what you will see is pretty similar to what you really saw last year and the last couple of quarters. From a timing perspective in Q1, typically, we spend up very aggressively and some of the revenue comes in Q2. And this year, it will be, call it, augmented by Easter and the timing of Easter. But in general, all of our brands are aggressively marketing in the variable channels. We're growing our brand marketing as well. The variable channels, in general, are less efficient than the other direct channels. So we do expect to continue to see sales and marketing growth higher than revenue, especially with trivago being part of the family. All that sales and marketing activity, we think, is net profitable overall. And we have also talked about the financial model, where we use the leverage of our fixed costs, et cetera, to be able to deliver profit growth, even as we're aggressively investing in sales and marketing. So that formula continues, at least for the first quarter of the year. And hopefully, it's something that we can deliver for you for the foreseeable future.
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just thanks, everyone, for joining. And thank you to the Expedia Inc. employees for a good start to the year, and we've got lots of work ahead of us, but looking forward to talking to you next quarter.
