Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks, Dara. From a financial perspective, the second quarter came in better than we expected and was driven by the underlying strength in our global hotel business. As Dara mentioned, we were helped by the addition of VIA Travel, as well as an $8 million out-of-period hotel revenue adjustment that we made in the quarter related to the reversal of an over-accrual for certain local taxes. Excluding the VIA acquisition and this adjustment, adjusted EBITDA grew 11% for the quarter. As expected, foreign exchange was a headwind this quarter and hit us harder than anticipated given the strength of the dollar relative to the euro. In total, we estimate that foreign currency costs us 300 to 400 basis points of growth in gross bookings, revenue and adjusted EBITDA. This was 100 to 200 basis points worse than we expected when we talked to you last quarter. Hotel revenue represented 74% of total revenue for the quarter and grew 16%. Room night growth continued to be healthy at 22% for the quarter, 24% including the results from the AirAsia-Expedia joint venture. Domestic room night growth remained strong at 16%, while international room nights grew 29%, or 35% including the AirAsia-Expedia joint venture. ADRs were down 1% for the quarter while revenue per room night was down 5%. The decrease in revenue per room night was again driven by hotel product mix, the impact from foreign currency, discounting at Hotwire, and the loyalty program accrual comparables. As we noted last quarter, we have a very fast-growing hotel business in the Asia Pacific region, where ADRs and revenue per room night are much lower than in other geographies. Of course, we're happy to take the lower per unit economics in APAC given the sheer volume growth prospects for that region. Consistent with Q1, Asia Pacific represented a high teens percentage share of the global room night mix in the second quarter. Revenue from our air business represented 9% of our total revenue for the quarter and was down 8% year-over-year. Ticket volume grew 3% for the quarter, helped by the VIA Travel acquisition. Revenue per ticket was down 11% due primarily to lower net supplier economics. We continue to expect revenue per ticket to be down year-over-year for the duration of 2012, with the impact easing as we move through the year. Other revenue grew 17% for the quarter on growth and corporate travel fees and advertising revenue. Running through key expense categories, cost of revenue grew faster than revenue in the quarter due almost entirely to the addition of VIA Travel. Excluding that business, cost of revenue grew largely in line with revenue on higher credit card costs associated with the growth of our merchant hotel business and additional headcount to support our global customer operations. These were partially offset by lower debit card fees and higher credit card rebates. Leverage in selling and marketing expense was driven by a combination of factors, including the addition of VIA Travel, as they have very low selling and marketing expense as a percentage of revenue, as well as some deferred spend for both brand Expedia and Hotels.com. Looking forward, we expect selling and marketing to grow quite a bit faster and deleverage significantly in Q3 and, to a slightly lesser extent, in Q4, as Expedia and Hotels.com increase their spending, and as we invest more in Asia Pacific and emerging markets. Technology and content grew 24%, which was a bit lighter than our expectations. Looking forward, including the addition of VIA Travel, we now expect Q3 and Q4 growth rates to accelerate compared to the first half of the year. General and administrative expenses grew 13%. As we have said in the past, we will continue to look for leverage in G&A over the long term. Lastly, in terms of capital allocation, on a year-to-date basis, we have deployed over $520 million against a combination of share repurchases, M&A and our dividend. I'm pleased to say that we've decided to increase our dividend to $0.13 per share for the next quarterly payout as a sign of our continued confidence in the long-term prospects for our business. In terms of our financial expectations for full year 2012, we are now expecting adjusted EBITDA growth in the high-single digits with the possibility of low double-digit growth. Key changes since last quarter include the addition of VIA Travel and the second quarter outperformance, partially offset by a much larger headwind from foreign currency, from additional marketing spend we have decided to deploy in Asia Pacific and some slowdown in certain European markets, due to the tenuous global economic environment. With that, let's turn to questions. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So VIA is a leader in the Nordic markets. It is -- it's much more of a traditional corporate travel business, than certainly Egencia is. And traditional corporate travel businesses generally charge higher fees to consumers and take more phone calls off-line than certainly Egencia does. So that results in essentially a different P&L structure from that which you see at Egencia, which is higher growth. Egencia is doing the corporate travel, what? The Expedia business took the leisure traveler -- travel back in the late 90s, as they're a higher growth business, higher spend on technology but a much lower cost business from the perspective of the clients and that they don't have to pay fees and they're able to transact online. So over time, I would expect that, that combined business and the Egencia business, as we build it, to continue to scale and to continue to drive meaningful growth to our business. But the P&L will start to merge to be a combination of essentially those 2 P&Ls.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Right. Okay. Well, yes, I don't want to comment on, specifically, the ROI we see for specific programs. Obviously, we are looking to grow our loyalty programs at both Expedia and Hotels.com. We think they're great programs for consumers on both brands, and we'll continue to look to drive membership in those programs going forward.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So I just say that Hotels.com room night growth continues to be healthy. They're -- we did see some impact from southern Europe on their growth and, of course, they did defer a little bit of marketing spend this quarter into the third quarter, so it moderated somewhat. But it continues to be very healthy. On a regional basis, I think you can see the numbers. We -- this quarter, posted 16% year-on-year room night growth domestically, which was pretty strong, 18% last quarter. The delta between those could be explained entirely by leap year. So we continue to see strong growth domestically. As we've mentioned, there's a little bit of softness in Europe, and APAC continues to be strong. So across-the-board, we're feeling pretty good about what we're seeing globally.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. And I think -- I'm not clear what you're talking about specifically in terms of the 15% to 10%. But if you're talking about top line growth, we did again -- we saw some impact from FX in the quarter. It was more significant than what we've seen in the past. But again on FX adjusted basis, we're seeing pretty consistent -- consistently nice growth there as well. So again, that's looking at the gross bookings line.
Dara Khosrowshahi: On mobile, it continues to grow very quickly, triple-digit growth rates for essentially all of our brands. The mobile transactions are starting to become a bit more diversified. They used to be essentially iPhone only, iOS only. We're seeing significant iOS, we're seeing significant mobile web. Tablet is starting to become a big player in mobile transactions and in traffic as well. So the traffic is broadening a bit. The handset business tends to be short-window, 70 or so percent of the transactions are within a day. The tablet transactions look more like desktop behavior, they're not necessarily short-window. And as far as marketing goes, we are still at the point where we're trying to establish and install base for mobile and, typically, when we market for an app download, it takes 6 to 12 months for the download of that app to essentially pay for itself and transactions over that app. So as long as the app downloads are growing for us and they're growing very quickly, you tend to pay more in marketing upfront and then you tend to get that marketing money back over time. And we're at that growth stage right now, where we're really not seeing any marketing efficiency as a result of mobile. But I think we're going to be in that stage for a couple of years. I think we're going to be net investors in mobile over a period of time. We want to establish a user base in mobile, in loyalty, so that we get users coming direct to us as well as through indirect channels like Google, TripAdvisor, metasearch as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think most of the gross bookings line, the delta that you see there, is really air trends. Air tends to drive gross bookings. And you can see that the tickets sold growth was 3% in Q2 versus 5% in Q1 so that might've been the difference. As far as the car business, the deals that we've signed with our supply partners are -- tend to be broadly in line with the deals that we have signed historically. So not much has changed there. In terms of fleet, et cetera, we are seeing the car rental companies compressing their fleets this summer. Fleet sizes are tight. But we're not seeing retail pricing increase quite as much as we expected. So that's good for the leisure customer. But in general, availability is a bit lower than what we wanted to be. And when fleet inventories get tight, the percentage of transactions that we process through Opaque tends to be lower, and our retail part of the business tends to grow faster. So we're certainly watching the retail versus Opaque balance as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I think on the air side, we are encouraged by the early trends that we're seeing. We have launched kind of what we call our air end-to-end platform in the U.S, and we are kind of cyclically kind of launching it internationally as well. The first conversion, the early conversion improvements that we are seeing are in the upsell to hotels, cars, et cetera. So we're seeing some good numbers there, and we hope to keep that going. And in a couple of weeks to a month, hopefully, you will see a new -- a pretty new user interface for our air products. It's going to look pretty different from what it looked like historically. We think it's absolutely great, but we'll let our users decide. We roll out the stuff, we test it with users and then based on user reactions, we'll rollout the things that work globally. But I think by the end of the year, you're going to see a pretty different air product for Expedia than what you have now. And I think it'll be pretty different and much better. As far as the package pass goes, it's hard to predict. Our package business and the package technology, in general, is more complex than any other technology that we have on the site. So while we are getting better at these rollouts, we learn from our mistakes. And in general, the speed of integration of the business is increasing. I never underestimate the complexity of the packaged product. And so what I would count on is what you see now, which is gradual improvement every quarter, getting better. And if we keep that going, I think we'll have some pretty good results for 2013.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as packages goes, we think that we will be rolling over to the new package platform, essentially, towards the end of the year. So it might be plus 1 month, minus 1 month. And then as I've said before, a new platform is just that. Then you've got to start iterating on the front end and changing the user experience, and that is really going to get started in the first quarter of 2013, and it'll essentially roll forward throughout the year. We'll make small changes and we'll make big changes, we'll do lots of testing and learning, and I think we'll wind up with a much better package product. So 2013 will have a platform that we can play with. And then -- sorry, end of 2012, we'll have a platform we can work with and that will be rolled on traffic in 2013. As far as the ad agency, et cetera, we did change ad agencies at Expedia. We have launched a new campaign that we're really excited about. But I think it's far too early for that campaign to have had a material impact on our results. So I think to the extent that we see material impacts, we'll be seeing that in Q3 and Q4.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. So we did add about 5,000 hotels, we're up to just over 155,000 now. I would just say, generally, that adding hotels for us is not a significant barrier. We're pretty strategic in where we add hotels, we're pretty deliberate where we do it. And it really depends on what we're seeing around demand on our websites from our users and where they're looking to go, where we are undersupplied, relative to the demand we're seeing in our website and where we can benefit from adding more product for our consumers. So you could imagine where those hotels are coming from. It is in fast-growing regions like Asia Pacific, to some extent, in Europe as well. And we're always looking to do in-fill in North America as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as REVPARs go, you're right. The numbers have been quite healthy and they -- the occupancy rates are starting to hit peak season, kind of the 70% range, which is pretty high from a historical standpoint. And listen, I think our model is a model that performs quite well in up-and-down markets. We tend to be a little bit more countercyclical than the market. In a kind of a poor economy, poor market, we tend to gain share pretty quickly. We get hit by ADR weakness. And in up-markets, we tend to get the benefit of ADRs and some of the suppliers who can fill up their rooms directly kind of do so more aggressively. As far as where the market is and where we think it can go forward, we do think that supply generally does seem to be tightening up. And at this point, we're not kind of -- we're not feeling like we're hitting a ceiling one way or the other. We think our inventory quality in the U.S. is really good. The deals that we have signed with our strategic partners provide very strong inventory for us. And we think as long as the inventory's out there, we'll be able to sell it, and we've got products that can sell the inventory in very long lead times, light packages. And then we've got products that can sell inventory at short lead times, such as the Opaque model and with Hotwire and also the mobile channel as well. So we're pretty comfortable with our product, and we think some of the technology investments that we made are going to give us kind of returns above market, which is certainly what we're gunning for and hopefully we can keep showing those returns going forward. Long-winded answer, I apologize.
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, thank you for your interest and thanks to all Expedia employees for a good quarter, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
