Dara Khosrowshahi: Tom, thanks for the question. As far as our channel performance and the improvement in room night growth Q4 versus Q3, it was pretty strong across-the-board. So most of the channels that were performing in Q3 performed in Q4. The direct channels performed a bit better in general, and also, the meta-channels continue to improve. As you remember, we told you in Q2 that we thought that our performance in meta, left something to be desired. And in Q3, we improved and we saw a better Trip. Our spend on TripAdvisor in Q4 would be up on a year-on-year basis, and it was. So I think we're getting into a better operational rhythm here. We like our channel performance pretty broadly and, obviously, we are hoping that we can take the momentum that we built into Q4 and continue into the balance of the year. But the performance has been pretty broad and pretty good and we hope that it will continue. As far as the hotel count goes, it's the increase of a combination of factors. One is that in China, in eLong, we are on an aggressive hotel acquisition path. And when you look at the EI brands as well, we are a bit more aggressive on the hotel acquisition path as we're seeing strength on the room night production. So what you want to do is add hotels as you're adding room nights, because you don't want to spread out your demand too thinly across hoteliers. We're pretty confident as far as our room night growth goes, and as a result, we are picking up acquisition. And I would expect, unless things change significantly, that I would expect for acquisition pace for hotels, both in China and the rest of the world, to pick up as we enter into 2014. It's a pretty important part of our formula.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well, it's very difficult to tell. Our performance on TripAdvisor is a function of our own performance, but it's also a function of the competitive environment, how aggressive other players are in the TripAdvisor marketplace, as well as TripAdvisor's growth, in general. So when we look forward to 2014, we definitely want to ride the TripAdvisor wave. They're a very big partner. They have been growing traffic pretty consistently over a long period of time. So we will look to keep or build our share. But I think the most meaningful growth over the long-term for us with TripAdvisor is going to be TripAdvisor and our working with them to keep our share, and grow with them as they grow internationally.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mark, I think it's too soon to tell. We're very optimistic about our partnership with Home Away. And really, we are in the early stage of the testing and learning, understanding whether and how our consumers are interested in alternative accommodations, what percentage of them click through and then what percentage of them convert into alternative accommodations, and how that affects our overall conversion rates. So we're pretty early into this experiment. We're just starting to gather some data. Home Away is a terrific partner. And to the extent that we see interest from the consumer, we will expand it. We certainly think that it can be a good thing for the Expedia or Hotels.com or other brands for us to expand the scope of accommodations that we have. But it's really too soon to call. I think we will have better data towards the second half of the year and then based on that data, we'll decide whether this is an area that we are going to invest in or not. I would say that, in general, we do want to broaden our supply base on the lodging side. Our greatest focus, obviously, is going to be on the basics and adding significant numbers of hotels that we don't have in the Expedia and Hotels.com and EAN marketplaces, and then we'll look to also add alternative accommodations to the extent that our consumers are interested. And the good news is we can test and learn, and based on the data that we find out, we can either move forward or we can slow down.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think on the vacation package side, we are actually seeing very nice revenue acceleration on the vacation package side. When you look at the package business, there are headwinds and tailwinds to the business. In general, because vacation packages tend to be an opaque kind of a product, as the economy gets better, it becomes a bit more of a challenge to acquire package inventory at a discount to retail, especially at significant discounts to retail. So that's a headwind, I'd say, that the supply teams, in general, are fighting. There are significant tailwinds, and that the package business is an enormous business, especially in Europe, especially beach destinations in Europe where our penetration is very, very low. So we think that there's a lot that we can do to increase our vacation package business. Our re-platforming has definitely worked. This is a business that has been flattish to down for a number of years, and it's absolutely turned positive. And it's a function of a better product, it's a function of the supply groups acquiring better inventory, both on the lodging side and on the lift side, especially in Europe going to beach destinations. There's a lot of optimizations that we can do around this product, including dynamic pricing, et cetera. It's a unique differentiator for the Expedia brand, and we think it's a long-term growth vehicle for us. So we're looking forward to the product developing over a period of time. But again, a recovery is a little bit of a headwind on the supply side, but we think we're certainly up for it.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Ken. We're certainly experimenting with these alternative, call it, display in advertising platforms. We were always looking to diversify our traffic sources. We're always looking to diversify our marketing spend. At this point, the spend, the traffic and the transactions aren't of a material nature but we're working quite aggressively with a number of players, including Facebook, who's very, very innovative in this area, and we're hoping to increase our spend over a period of time. At this point, it's not a material spend or material in the overall context. I'd love it to be.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Absolutely. I feel like a broken record in that domestically, the strength was pretty broad. The pay channels worked well, the metasearch channels worked well and our direct channels worked well and you saw the results in the bookings acceleration. One additional feature of our bookings growth is that the air business is starting to work. And historically, air ticket volume, other than Egencia, for a couple of years, was flat to down. And with the really good work that the teams are doing on the air side and on the package side, we're seeing air ticket volume increase as well. And that has certainly helped our domestic bookings growth. So it's a good hotel story and it's good air story. And along with that, we've seen a pretty consistent ADR growth and pretty consistent ATP growth. As far as Hotwire goes, the progress that we've seen is that the business has stabilized. I think the team has a good handle on the business. We believe that there are some dials that we can turn on the business. We think that we can improve our mobile product pretty significantly, and we think we've got a significant opportunity there. And we think that car can be a grower over a period of time, both through Hotwire and through our car rentals business as well. So at Hotwire, we're really looking for stability in 2014. We're looking for solid execution from the team. And Q4 has been certainly a step in the right direction that we hope to see more in 2014 and beyond.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Thanks, Michael. As far as cars go, I'd say the trends are stable to good to improving on the -- both as far as unit growth. Now we do have some upside from the Hurricane Sandy comp last year, but I'd say the unit trends are good. The pricing trends are fairly stable, and supply improvements, in general, helped a bit, too. We've expanded our supply a little bit in Q4 and we hope to continue on a go-forward basis. So I'd say in general, moderately positive trends coming out of the car business and we hope to continue that into 2014. So we haven't seen really significant changes there. On the Scratchpad product, we're really excited about that Scratchpad product. We're seeing very high levels of production and engagement from the folks who interact with our Scratchpad product. So when they work with Scratchpad, they come back to the site much more often, frequency increases. And in general, with higher frequency, we get stronger buying behavior. We're very early in the test and learn on Scratchpad. This is the first generation. So, we think it's a product that is great for consumers and it's a product that has a whole lot of potential and a product that we want to work into many different parts of our site, including our mobile experience. So we're looking forward to really developing the Scratchpad product. It's a promising start.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, as far as the mobile goes, I'd say qualitatively, we don't want to specifically comment on conversion. But as a lead generator, in general, mobile monetizes at lower rates than desktop. But other than that, it's a significant growth driver. It's -- and growing very nicely for trivago. Our brands, in general, are investing aggressively in the mobile channel. In downloads, we got over 90 million app downloads. So I think the mobile trends continue as they are. And we think it's a big opportunity and we'll continue investing into that opportunity. As far as the weather goes, no significant impact at this point. Remember, last Q4, we did have Hurricane Sandy. We've had some bad weather in January, obviously. But you have bad weather sometimes, and with the global business you tend to be able to work your way through it.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, Paul, it's -- it really is a little bit of everything. Our -- and usually, conversion, which has been generally positive for Hotels.com and Expedia over a period of time, higher conversion allows you to invest more aggressively in marketing channels, especially variable marketing channels, which then, obviously, leads to more traffic, which leads to more transactions. So we have that flywheel, so to speak, working at some of our major brands. And it's really about executing on that flywheel and then adding to your supply base and making sure that your supplies have high quality, your availability is strong and you're adding to your supply base. So we're just really focused in on the base execution of the formula and it is a little bit of everything, it's not one particular channel. It's not one particular geography or it's not just conversion-led or traffic-led. It's a combination of all of those factors. As far as the demand environment, I think general macro trends are stable as far as we can see in. Despite the uncertain economic environment and the GDP numbers that you read about, travel spend, on a year-on-year basis, on a global basis, was up 5% on a year-on-year basis. Overall travel spend in the U.S. and in Europe was up above that of GDP. Travel spend in emerging economies continues to be strong. So travel tends -- what we're seeing with travel is it seems to be immune to some of the variability that we've seen in the overall economies. And we're certainly hoping that, that continues. And for us, we're riding the wave of travel growth and then on top of that, we've got online penetration and mobile penetration. So as long as we keep executing as a team, I think we can do quite well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, a lot is going to be out of our control. And listen, it's very early in the relationship with the Travelocity team, right? It's -- we're just moving over to the new platform, we're just looking at our conversion rates, and we're just starting to track user behavior, et cetera. And I think the Travelocity team has to figure out how they're going to market, what channels are working for them, what channels aren't working for them, and we really don't talk to them about that. So it's just very early in the Travelocity integration and we don't have any patterns that we can really talk to you about. So I think as the year moves on, we'll be much more comfortable talking about Travelocity trends, which is very early at this point.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Kevin, at this point, we're not seeing, I think, anything significant as far as a change in dynamics in the competitive environment. But it's very early, right? It's -- January is just over, so things could change. And last year, we saw a lot of action kind of in Q2, Q3. So our expectation is it's certainly going to be a competitive environment on a go-forward basis. And we don't see that changing. As far as ad spend goes, the one consistent expectation that I would have is that our revenue from international points of sale is going to probably grow faster than domestic revenue, even though domestic revenue is growing at really healthy rates. But in general, our marketing efficiencies internationally are lower than that of our domestic efficiencies. And also, in general, our traffic from variable channels, because we are seeing, in general, conversion growth, which can translate into higher spend in these variable channels, our traffic from variable channels is growing quite quickly and as a result, results in a mix of more expensive channels on a margin basis. So I would expect on a go-forward basis for sales and marketing to grow faster than revenue. trivago becoming a bigger part of our business is also going to add to that. And then, obviously, we'll look to leverage our fixed costs as well. Where that comes out is something that's unknown at this point.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think that the biggest driver is better product. And as we introduce new consumers to the Hotels.com product, to the Expedia product and other brands, a certain percentage of them and a healthy percentage of them like the product. We've invested aggressively in loyalty programs. We talked about Welcome Rewards at Hotels.com having over 10 million members. I think it's the absolute the best loyalty program out there. So the formula for us is acquire new customers through brand channels, especially through variable channels, and then let the product and our loyalty programs get those customers to come back. And at least, we're seeing good signs of that.
Dara Khosrowshahi: No. Thanks, everyone, for joining the call. And a big thank you to all of the Expedia, Inc. employees for a strong finish to the year. It's a result of the good work of a ton and ton of people and we're very appreciative of it. Thank you very much.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So ETP is rolled out across just about 45,000 hotels. Most of those are live and up and running. We're happy with the performance that we saw in 2013 and, importantly, the hotels that have signed up are generally very happy with our performance and are really seeing better performance in our channel versus their peers that aren't signed up. Listen, in terms of go-forward impact on our overall business, I'd make a couple of points: One is that what we've essentially done is removed a few barriers from the growth of our business. Barriers, whereby, hotels who didn't want to be part of the merchant model found it difficult to do business with us without the agency model. Those barriers are gone. And consumers that wanted to do business via the agency model in markets where we didn't offer that, wouldn't do business with us historically and, now, they can. So we view that, certainly, as a very positive catalyst for our business. Going forward, it's going to be really difficult to really discern the specific impact of the Expedia Traveler Preference program versus all of the other great innovations that we're making and the strides we're making in building world-class online marketing capabilities. I would say, though, that going forward, because ETP is business as usual, because we have spent a lot of effort in 2013, a lot of the resources of our market management team, which just does a fantastic job around the world on converting existing hotels, with a lot of that work behind us, the focus for 2014 is going to be around redeploying those resources towards acquiring new hotels and making sure that we really got the best prices and availability across our new hotels and our existing hotels. And we think that could be a great catalyst for the business, in addition to, again, just having these barriers removed for both supplier and consumer adoption to our platform.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, I mean, I would say that our guidance reflects, essentially, our view of the business right now just given all of the trends we're seeing. We're not expecting extraordinary things out of Europe, but we are expecting continued strength in that region. I would also just add that the Expedia Traveler Preference program, in addition to the things that Dara mentioned, does generally have a disproportionate benefit in Europe. Those consumers are more interested in the agency product generally than consumers in North America. And so that's looking to be a nice tailwind for us, and we do expect that to continue through 2014. But I wouldn't, again, assume that there is a huge amount of acceleration. I would just expect continued stable health to that business going forward.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, sure. So Ross, I don't want to try to get into the game as for long-term sustainable growth rates. But let me just highlight a few specific things and then just reiterate how we're thinking about this business. First, very specifically, around Q2, I would just urge you guys to take a look at our commentary on Q2 where we said that, with the exception of some incremental investments that we said that we made against trivago and eLong, from a bottom line perspective, the quarter came in broadly in line with our expectations. So when we look at it from an adjusted EBITDA perspective, we actually don't view Q2 as a particularly easy comp. We pulled a number of levers during the quarter and further to the year to make things work. And those create -- can create some more difficult comps, notwithstanding the share price reaction on Q2, specifically. Secondly, in terms of the just sort of the long-term outlook for this business, I would say that we've got this great core OTA business in Brand Expedia, and Hotels.com, and our private label business, which are really in growth and scale mode and we think we can deliver healthy top- and bottom-line growth in those businesses. They're in a stage now where they've got modern technology platforms. We're sort of through the big investment cycles. They're innovating, working on making sure we've got world-class online marketing. And we've now got ETP rolled out, and that can be a tailwind for us because, really, the barriers on the supply side are gone as well. So we look at those businesses as really businesses that can grow in scale nicely and deliver consistent nice growth year after year. And then we've got our, what I call, our investment businesses; businesses that, right now, in the near term. We're not focused on adjusted EBITDA growth. We're focused on maintaining healthy, call it, absolute dollar EBITDA levels. But we're really focused on driving the top line and building scale in those businesses for the long term and that's eLong. Again, it's just a great opportunity in China. We're really happy with our position there. Egencia, which has got a very unique position in the corporate travel space, a huge part of our industry. And we're very pleased with their progress on the VIA integration. They're going to be focused on that in 2014. But again, we're not really focused on bottom line growth. And then again, trivago, which is going to continue in the formula that they've had and were successful for years and years before they were part of the Expedia family, which is really just maintain a healthy level of absolute dollar adjusted EBITDA growth and really drive the top line. Our expectations for them is that's going to be something we'll continue in. And as the business matures, we definitely could see more EBITDA drop to the bottom line. One last point I'll just make on trivago with respect to profitability because we do get a fair bit of questions around their margins and how to think about their margins going forward. When we look at trivago's mature markets, Germany, Italy, really all of Southern Europe, even parts of the U.K., what you see there is a business that is mature, that has healthy margins, and certainly, margins that are higher than the overall Expedia, Inc. margins, and nice media business margins. And really, what you see with them now and what you see show up in our P&L is a result of that team taking otherwise healthy EBITDA growth and reinvesting that into building new markets. And that's something we support and something we can expect to see going forward. So I hope that gives you some help in how to think about how we're thinking about the business.
