Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan, and thanks to everyone for making time to join us this afternoon. We delivered a solid quarter here in Q2, especially given some of the headwinds that we faced. Obviously, the volcano and foreign exchange trends worked against us, as did sharply rising airfares. Although it's difficult to measure the precise impact economic uncertainty, air carrier strikes and the oil spill in the Gulf certainly didn't help the travel business. Given this backdrop, we're satisfied with our transaction growth of 10%, operating income before amortization growth of 3% and adjusted earnings per share growth of 16%. And briefly on the trends for the quarter. On a transactional side, room night growth in the Americas and Europe slowed as expected as we lapped fee cuts from last year and as our European point of sales faced foreign exchange-, volcano- and economic-related headwinds. We estimate that the cancellations related to the volcano cost us roughly 200 basis points of worldwide room night growth. We also saw significant slowdown in growth rates for transatlantic travel in the quarter. We suspect primarily caused by foreign exchange fluctuations and higher airfares, which also contributed to the overall de-acceleration for the quarter. And remember that room night comps were simply more difficult in Q2, because we saw a real acceleration in last year's second quarter. Compared to 2008, room night growth in Q2 was 41% compared to 33% in Q1. Room night growth in Asia-Pacific and Latin America markets was very strong and accelerated from Q1, a good trend in markets with enormous potential for us. As far as the shape of the quarter goes, the year-over-year room night growth was weakest in April due in part to the volcano, with momentum building through June. July trends are solid and while very early, it does give us some confidence relative to the balance of the year expectations. Our TripAdvisor Media Group continues its incredibly strong performance with a revenue and operating income before amortization growth accelerating from Q1, growing year-over-year at 39% and 40% respectively. Fueled by strong growth in traffic and clicks, both on a domestic and international basis. We were able to grow profits at a robust pace while investing aggressively in new geographies, as well as new products, such as Business Listings, with now over 15,000 properties, [indiscernible] down Kuxon in China, air meta search in the U.S. and U.K. and our vacation rentals product now augmented by our acquisition of Holiday Lettings in the U.K. Finally, we're very excited about TripAdvisor's integration with Facebook through the launch of Trip friends which brings together our over 35 million TripAdvisor reviews and opinions with our Cities I’ve Visited in applications on Facebook with over 19 million users. We brought the wisdom of the masses to your travel planning and now we want to bring them with some of your friends to your desktop. We have a unique asset and a great team at TripAdvisor and are quite optimistic about what the next few years will bring.  And lastly, on capital allocation. We continue to have confidence in our ability to grow the business while also returning cash to our shareholders. So far in 2010, we've returned almost $230 million to our shareholders through our share repurchases and dividends and it's our expedition that we’ll continue to do so over the next few years. And as we've said before, we'd be comfortable with gross debt at 2x to 3x EBITDA, consistent with an investment-grade rating and will consider raising additional debt if the terms and conditions are right. Now to Mike.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I'd say in general, the domestic market ADRs were stronger than the international market ADRs, the European market ADRs. Domestic was up low single digits. International was down low single digits. Foreign exchange did play a part of that. But I’d say in general, when we looked at the domestic markets and domestic pricing, domestic pricing has been a bit stronger, and I think that's just reflected in the general economic environment. And part of it just has to do with comps when you look at the past quarters, et cetera. We think this year is going to be a bit more normalized than what you've seen in the past quarters.
Dara Khosrowshahi: On Google ITA, I think it's difficult to speculate. I think everyone knows that Google wields considerable market power, whether it's in the travel business, or many, many other industries. And so their actions can have very significant consequences in any industry, including ours. I think that one of the keys that we'll be looking for with Google is, if they start favoring their own content and their own results over the results of third parties, whether that's algorithmic, inside their system or are they hard coded, et cetera. And we think that to the extent that they do that, that will be a problem. The way we’ve seen them operating in general has been fair, but we think they’d be wise not to kind of favor their own internal products over external products and create an unfair playing field. And if they do, we think that the government will have something to say about that. So we’re great partners with them. In general, their management we’ve seen has done the right thing and it's working to build a great product, and in general, they work well with consumers. But the market power that they have is potentially significant. And that's something that we'll watch. Based on what we see right now and kind of the relationship that we have with them and our spend, et cetera, we think we’ll be in good shape. But again, it's something for us to watch. I think on the Egencia part of the business, it really does look like we have hit a critical mass as far as the revenue of that business matching the fixed cost base and now are leveraging off of that. If you look at Egencia P&L, it's a little bit the opposite of the Expedia P&L. The Expedia P&L has very high variable cost, low fixed costs. The Egencia P&L tends to have higher fixed cost, which is as the sales force, account management, et cetera, and lower variable costs. Once you bring in a client, that client tends to stay with. You don't have to remarket to that client over and over. We spent five, six years investing in Egencia technology and innovation, building up account management and sales force, et cetera, and building largely organically to a point at which we are right now, and we're seeing a couple of things. One is the technology that we built, the product that we built; we think is best of breed. And more and more clients are coming on to the Egencia platform and we think that’ll continue. We're expanding into new markets, international. We're very strong in the U.S. We're very strong in France. We're expanding into the U.K., Germany and some Asia-Pacific markets as well. So that adds to kind of the new client acquisition, although it does hurt profitability on a near-term basis. And then third, we're seeing a real bounce back on corporate spend. Companies are spending more in 2010. They're not back to 2008 levels and we haven't seen corporations pull back yet. It’s not the “go-go days” but they are spending more aggressively and being more offensive. So we think it's a pretty favorable corporate environment and we're gaining share from our competitors, and we don't see that changing at least over the next couple of years. We're quite happy about our position and we think Egencia is going to be solid profit driver over the next three, five years for us.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I'd say on balance in Europe and overall. We're pretty happy with how July is turning out, but it's just the month and things may change. But so far, so good.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. Ingrid, I don't want to get too specific, but I'd say the trends in July, in general, are stronger than the trends in Q2. And so that does imply growth. And we certainly think decent growth and we see no reason why that would all of a sudden change in the back half of the year. Again, things may happen that are beyond our expectations, but we have good marketing plans. We think, in general, our product is going to get better from a competitive standpoint in the back half of the year. So again, unless we’re surprised, we think there’s going to be growth and we're hopeful it will be solid growth. The revenue per room night trends are also going to improve the back half of the year, again, assuming that we're not taken by surprise. So as we build it up, we think it's a reasonable, bold picture.
Dara Khosrowshahi: The fee cuts, obviously, had a huge benefit to the conversion trends. And I'd say now that we've lapped the fee cuts, the conversion trends, in general, are trending flattish. There is some negative effect as a result of higher ticket prices. So for example, when we look at conversion on the package path, we did obviously experience very, very high air ticket prices in Q2, and that hurt conversion along the package path. So I’d say flat and higher or lower ticket prices are going to move that up or down by bit.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as domestic room night growth and international room night growth, both of them slowed down to some extent because of the factors that we talked about earlier in the call, the volcano factors, economic factors and just more difficult comps. In general, I would say Europe on balance was weaker than we'd like it and hopefully we’ll see it strengthen for the balance of the year, especially cross-border Europe. Europe coming to the U.S. was down significantly and we didn't see kind of let's say a huge offsetting pickup of the U.S. going to Europe. Usually when Europe to U.S. slows down, U.S. to Europe speeds up. But we think because of air ticket prices, that didn't happen. And then the Asia-Pacific, Latin America markets were very strong. So on-a-go forward basis, I’d say the expectation is for Europe to strengthen, and we are seeing some indications of that, especially with the Hotels.com brand and some of the really good kind of conversion activity that's going on there. As far as search engine marketing goes, I would say CPCs have solidified. And as I mentioned previously, in the second quarter, we did pull back from marketing activities from a broad array of channels. That did include SEM, and I would expect in Q3 and Q4 for us to lean in a bit and try to increase our share of the SEM channel. It may require some increases in CPCs; it's hard to tell. But we’re trying to the extent that we can drive good conversion and solid conversion activity and solid sought activity; we think that leaning in to the SEM market might be a good strategy. So again, these are variable spends and we can react on a daily, almost hourly basis. But we’re bullish as far as where we think SEM trends are going to take us for the balance of the year.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I’d say Hotwire, in general, the team has been executing well, but the environment is a bit more unfriendly for Hotwire. You're seeing business spend come back, and while the car piece of the business is solidifying on the hotel side, we're seeing hotel ADRs in some of the larger markets come up very significantly. The Hotwire consumer’s a pretty price-sensitive consumer, and to the extent that ADRs, especially in larger markets like New York, kind of let's say, top-eight markets, Hotwire volumes are suffering. So we're doing well on the secondary markets, but we are doing worse in the primary markets. And so on balance, I’d say Hotwire hotels is weaker than we'd like it to be and hopefully that situation will get better on the balance of the year. One of the positives that we expect in the second half is that we’re actually integrating some of Hotwire's opaque inventory into the Expedia retail path. We're doing as a test now. We’re seeing some early promising results and as we optimize the retail path, et cetera, we’re hoping that, that product will become a pretty good product, especially in an environment where ADRs are going up a bit, as the leisure traveler may be looking for deals, whether that's in packages or the opaque path. So we're pretty hopeful about that product integration and we'll certainly tell you more about it in Q3 and Q4.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Kevin, when we look at air ticket growth, we did see some de-acceleration on a month-on-month basis through Q2. What we're seeing in July is that prices have eased up a bit so that we're seeing the air ticket growth get better. Air ticket growth, obviously, is pretty sensitive to pricing. So I’d say we’re fairly consistent with what the airlines saw. We think that to the extent that they have eased up pricing in response to some of the weakness that they’ve observed that has then helped us on the volume front. And obviously, the balance of volume in the year is going to some extent depend on pricing. Europe and Asia-Pacific air ticket volume remains solid for us to some extent, assisted by cuts in air fees that we haven't fully lapped. So we'll see how that goes to the back half of the year.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think on balance, we might be. I mean, if you look at the industry, you have to really split it into two, the business travel market and the leisure travel market. There's no doubt that the business travel market is coming back strongly and you're seeing that in the Egencia numbers. Now our penetration into business travel, let's say, is lower than the overall industry penetration in business travel. So we think we’re absolutely gaining share on the business travel front, and that would lead you to believe then on the leisure travel front, we're still gaining share. We have no fees, our product is only getting better, we're adding more product to the shelf so to speak. So I would expect that over the long-term, we'll continue to gain share in both the leisure and the business marketplace.
Dara Khosrowshahi: So I'll take the question on revenue margin first. On a worldwide basis, the biggest impact by far was average ticket prices, lower fees, the volcano, FX book-to-stay. If you look at the domestic revenue margin, some of that gets weeded out. Not all of it. And the domestic revenue margin was down only 68 bps, even with the higher air fees, as we have lapped a number of the fees. On the international rev margin, that was down significantly more than domestic and FX was the biggest driver behind the reduction on international rev margin, plus higher average ticket prices. And then the international revenue margin also includes on a year-on-year comp basis, I think, for the last time, our CruiseShipCenters business, which has a significant amount of international bookings at lower rev margin than some of our other products. And that is probably accounting for maybe 25% to 30% of the international rev margin decline. The good news is, CSC is more profitable, but it does affect this one metric. So if you look at the rev margin on an overall basis and adjust it for FX, we're down only 92 bps, which is our lowest drop since we took the fee actions. And I think on the car side, Michael, I'd say on balance, the environment is a bit better than it was last year. Last year, we had a pretty difficult environment, in that we had very, very strong leisure demand and the car fleets being quite limited as far as increases in fleet sizes. Now then I'd say, in general, the travel business is in much better shape. The car rental companies are in much better shape, looking to gain more share. We’re seeing some increases in fleet size, which makes the inventory situation better than it was last year. Now there's no question that during the summer, inventory does tighten up. But we think that this summer, it will be on balance a bit less tight than it was last summer. So as a result, in general, we're seeing increased transactions on the car side. Revenue per rental is down slightly on lower pricing with a little bit of an increase in the average kind of length of rental. So those are the kind of the factors that are affecting the car business.
Dara Khosrowshahi: So on your first question, and forgive me if I may not have understood it correctly, but we don't expect to see a pickup in packages in the second half based upon average ticket prices are going. I think we expect them to stay at relatively high current levels. We did note that on a year-on-year comp basis that they’ll start to look a bit better. But I think given the capacity of the airlines and the demand, we don't see something that is going to kick start the package business in the second half of the year.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As we hit Q3 and Q4, I mean, there's less and less of an impact from the fee actions that we’ve have taken, and we will kind of return to the underlying supplier economics, which we said are relatively stable. There will always be things that will impact the merchant revenue margin, FX, mix; all sorts of other things. But in general, as we exit this period associated with the fee actions, we should start to see more stability. On that tech and content question, we now do expect to deliver in the back half of the year. We've made some decisions to increase our investment at TripAdvisor, as well as some other initiatives. Last year, we kept our spend relatively flat from Q1 to Q3. And this year, we’re now expecting a bit of an increase from Q2 and Q3 and into the back half of the year. |And so tech and content we do expect to be growing faster than revenue. And also we have a bit lower revenue expectations, just because of the volcano and things that impacted us in Q2.
Dara Khosrowshahi: So on the first question with respect to the Gulf of Mexico, it's difficult for us to quantify. It certainly does impact travel patterns and there can certainly be pressure on specific cities. But we typically see people making plans to go elsewhere. I’d note that there’s a big mass migration of insurance and other folks actually into the Gulf area and I think that is offsetting to some degree anyway the lesser leisure demand. So nothing that we can quantify nearly as specifically as the volcano.
Dara Khosrowshahi: No. Just a special thank-you to the Expedia employees for their efforts this quarter and we're looking forward to telling you all about the next couple quarters coming out. Thank you very much for joining.
Michael Adler: Yes. So as I noted, we incurred about $5 million of expense in the quarter. We still expect kind of the all-in expense to be at about $20 million. We did incur a couple of million dollars in Q1 and we will probably incur kind of like amounts or slightly higher, as compared to Q2 and Q3 and Q4. So again, it is a kind of a year-long process to make that transition.
Michael Adler: Yes. With respect to the hotel revenue per room night down 7%, as I said in my remarks, the domestic revenue per room night was actually up 1%, and we think that, that is really kind of a good indication that our revenue per room nights and ADRs are going to start growing much more hand-in-hand as we go forward. And we now, again, have substantially lapped our service fee reductions and that was still just a bit of a headwind for us in the quarter. On the international side of the business, again, I can't predict FX and I can’t predict volcanoes. But to a large degree, those were kind of special things that made our numbers much more negatively impacted this quarter than we would expect on a going-forward basis. As to air revenue, we expect average ticket prices to stay relatively flat to current levels. And the year-on-year change in the average ticket prices will start to moderate for us. Nonetheless, our revenue per ticket will continue to benefit from higher average ticket prices as there are some of our agreements that are based upon ticket price, a small minority of them. But I think we'll see less and less of an impact as we progress through the year. Obviously, there's always puts and takes that impacts air revenue quarter-over-quarter. I think on both the air front and the hotel front, the important thing to keep in mind is that we think our underlying supplier dynamics are stable. And we think our fees have largely landed where they make sense and will continue to be over a fairly long period of time. And so that's what we look at when we look at the per-unit economics.
Michael Adler: And as far as BFS goes, we've invested pretty aggressively in BFS over the past 10-plus years. And we think it’s a terrific product. It is competitive with any of the pricing products out there in the industry. And we have an absolute top-notch team working on it. BFS, however, was developed really as an in-house solution. So while we are talking about it and while we may talk to some potential partners, airlines about building out BFS capabilities for them, it is an in-house solution. It would take a fair amount of work to commercialize it for third parties. And at this point, it’s not something that we know whether we want to invest in, put time in and whether, frankly, it's practical. But we'll see. We’re very happy, especially with Google buying ITA, that we’ve got the BFS team and makes us worry a bit less about what the potential consequences of that transaction could be, at least for us.
Michael Adler: I think also just on the tech and content side, it's really a reflection of opportunities that we see in the market. So for example, we are seeing the mobile markets developing much faster, mobile search developing much more quickly than it had last year. So we are building out mobile teams across the company to make sure that we not only build out mobile capabilities, but leading-edge mobile capabilities. Same thing for some of the foreign markets and the Asia-Pacific markets, et cetera. As we’re seeing the growth in those markets accelerate, we are finding it worthwhile for us to build up smaller kind of technology pods that are dedicated to the Asia-Pacific markets, for example, to normalize some of our products for those markets. In general, what we do is we build very, very big solutions that we can leverage on a worldwide basis. But some of the Asia-Pacific marketplaces have very different needs on payment services, especially some of the look and feel that you want on the sites; you’d want to be very different. Let's say the look and feel in Japan that’s acceptable is very different from a look and feel that you see the U.S. And as we've seen these markets kind of grow and mature, faster than frankly we expected, we're going to invest ahead to some extent on the tech and content side. And the nature of technology and content is that the kind of have to invest ahead of the revenue to some extent. You’ve got to put a team together. You’ve got to build our product and typically kind of six months to 12 months after the spend, you start getting some kind of a return on it. But we think those investments are worthwhile and we think then increased spend is a reflection of kind of very, very big potential in those marketplaces. As far as the buyback goes, I just urge you to kind of step back and if you step back, kind of you see that we spent about $2 billion buying back our stock since the spinoff. In Q1, we spent almost $200 million and we brought in over 8 million shares. And what I don't want to get into is kind of a quarterly recap of why we bought in one quarter or why we did buy in another quarter. There are many, many reasons, including times in which we might have a different -- call it information from the markets, et cetera. I think that what you want to pay attention to from a long-term perspective is that we are a company that’s going to be throwing off a lot of capital. We are happy with our strategic position. We don't have to save up a bunch of capital to go after, let's say, an Asian footprint or to buy media business, as we have them inside of our company. So we do think we're going to create build out at the capital and kind of consistent with an investment-grade rating, we are going to, over the long-term, return capital to shareholders. Some of it will happen with dividends. But we would expect, over the next couple of years, to be net buyers of our stock. But from a quarterly basis, that’s certainly not something that I'm going to comment on.
Michael Adler: And Sandeep, on the ITA question, ITA is really an air product. And when you look at our media properties, especially TripAdvisor, the vast majority of TripAdvisor's revenue comes from hotel, CPC and CPM advertising. So we don't think that ITA will have any direct effect, so to speak, on the TripAdvisor business, which as you know is growing very, very quickly and is highly profitable for us. I think the key for us with Google in general on a go-forward basis is, is Google going to use its market power to kind of favor its internal content versus the third-party content. And as long as it plays a fair game, we feel okay. And that's really something that we’re watching much more carefully that ITA, at least in the hotel segment. But again, Google has very significant market power and it's something that I think everyone is going to be watching very closely.
