Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure, Lloyd. Happy to do it. So firstly, on HomeAway, you know, it's hard to say with any precision whether looking forward fees are going to be at the level that they're at right now. The team is really doing a ton of testing. So, you know, you may see something that other consumers don't see. I mean, we will do things where we test things sequentially. So it's hard to get a gauge or give you more guidance than sort of keep your eye on things. In terms of mix between subscription and PPB on the host side of things, you know, I'd say generally the trend has been to shift to more PPB. It's hard to say exactly where it will go. I mean, I think that all of the hosts are trying to figure out what's the optimal break-even point for them. But I think increasingly as HomeAway transitions to, you know, a real marketplace model and starts introducing things like the Accelerator program which like we've got on the hotel side, I think it may be the case that PPB hosts just have a better ability to compete in that marketplace. But time will tell. But the trend is definitely towards more PPB. In terms of the investments in the core besides cloud, you know, really this is all about us be in a position now where we basically stamped out a point of sale presence around the world. Hotels.com I think is now in 75 different countries around the world. You know, brand Expedia has a few to add certainly. But they've got a decent presence. So we sort of planted our flags, if you will, for the most part. And now it's about looking at all of those markets which are large attractive opportunities where we're not number one and figuring out exactly how do we get to number one. And it's not a secret. We know exactly what we need to do. We've got to have great hotel inventory, we've got to have great content, it's got to be translated well. We've got to have landing pages, we've got to have variable marketing campaigns going, we've got to have where we've got a very competitive product, compelling television advertising, for example, to tell the world how great it is. So we know what to do, and we're now in a position where we've got these global platforms in place, and it's about more so going deep as opposed to going wide. It's hard to say right now or give you more color in terms of exactly what the level of investment is, how much we'll return in year. But what I'll tell you is that the investments that we're going to put in through Q4 and into 2008 (sic) [2018] (22:03) will represent a step-up. But the returns from those investments accrue over multiple years, and whether we'll have to do step change after step change, I doubt it. I think it's going to be a step-up in investment that we'll grow from. And the goal here ultimately is to build just much more compelling consumer experiences around the world and more compelling experiences bring better top-line growth, bring better market efficiencies, and ultimately better EBITDA margins over the long-term. And that's the goal here.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. It's not really or in actuality a result of me changing focus or changing the focus of our various businesses. It's a by-product of a lot of the thinking and execution that the teams have been working on. So for HomeAway, for example, they by the end of this year, we'll be in a position where they have a true technology-driven performance, marketing platform in place. And with the increase in online bookable properties, they've got now up to 1.5 million, with 1/3 of those now being instantly bookable with the platform in place. They're just going to be in a better position to actually execute on performance marketing, make sure they've got coverage and actually track the results than they've ever been, and so that will enable them to step it up. I think as it relates to the core OTA business, again, as we ramp up hotel properties, this creates essentially new opportunities for marketing for us. So we'll see associated marketing spend that go along with our ramp-up in property acquisition. And then, I would just say that the team is just continuing to get better and better and better in terms of just approaching performance marketing, really across all of the capabilities, and that gives us confidence to spend more, and hopefully will allow us to spend more ultimately and deliver better returns over the long-term. So it's really execution. It's not a strategic shift, and I'm not changing the way that we'll be doing things on performance marketing.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes. And I would just remind you too in addition to moving more compute into the cloud, there is the annualization of the exit rate of compute that's in the cloud as at December. So you're already on a growing base, and then our ambition is to move as much as we can essentially into the cloud. But as a reminder, the real benefit here comes in, yes, there will be some operating savings in terms of decreased power costs that show up in our cost of sale, largely from running our own data centers, but also a significant reduction in CapEx, and you've already seen that. You saw it last quarter. You're seeing it again this quarter. That will be a trend going forward. And, importantly, it's not only just a year-on-year decrease in capital expenditures from what we have had in the past, but remember just given the amount of growth that we've been driving, this is also about, you know, avoiding the future CapEx to just fund that growth that we'd have to spend and then throwing maintenance CapEx on top of that. So we're more convinced than ever that this is an excellent decision from a free cash flow perspective. We're more convinced than ever that this is an excellent decision from a performance standpoint, and we are more convinced than ever that from a velocity of innovation standpoint that this is the right move.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes. Just a few things on trivago because I know that is a story. So I'll just sort of broaden the conversation a little bit. I think first of all, just from the impact on our results from trivago, in addition to the bottom line result, obviously as that channel has slowed down a little bit, it can have a negative impact on the room-night growth of our business. But elevating back up to trivago just generally, I would just say that we continue to believe that this is just an excellent business. trivago has an incredible consumer following, because it's an incredible consumer product. The management team is excellent. They are terrific operators. They're getting used to being a public company, obviously. But they are just excellent, excellent operators. And the third thing I'd say is that it is a very attractive marketing channel for OTAs and hoteliers, and that has not changed. What has changed is that trivago has made a number of modifications to their marketplace, and including the introduction of the landing-page score and then the normalization of that landing-page score. And advertisers are basically testing into that channel to figure out what the best way to get the best volume at the right efficiencies are from that channel. And I think that's going to take a little bit of time, but as that volatility settles out, and we do believe it's going to settle out, we're not at all questioning whether it's going to be an important channel for our OTA brands. We know it is and will always be, and we're not questioning the importance of trivago in this ecosystem at all.
Mark D. Okerstrom: No, nothing I'd call out. Again, the big movers here are, and there's probably three of them. There is trivago itself not being able to pull back fast enough and deleveraging more than they would like; there is essentially the impact of the storms taking revenue away without taking sales and marketing away; and then there is our core OTA business and HomeAway starting to ramp up in performance marketing channels with some associated revenue hitting in the quarter and some coming in future quarters
Mark D. Okerstrom: I'll take the first one and then I'll turn it over to Alan for the second one. Listen, I think certainly HomeAway's aspiration would be to accelerate online bookings. But remember that the historic portion of HomeAway's bookings that came from performance marketing channels was pretty darn small and actually a lot of it comes direct. You know, a lot of it comes through other branded sources, you know, SEO is a source, and that's been challenged, you know, across the whole industry. So the question is does the performance marketing, does that become big enough to move the overall number up or not. And we don't really know the answer to that. I mean, what we do believe obviously is that the performance marketing based bookings are going to grow very quickly and will probably accelerate. But whether or not that can move the whole number, it's hard to say at this point.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Well, I'll take that one. You know, I think that certainly the overall macro climate, it's hard to ignore some of this terrorist activity that we've seen in Barcelona, obviously the horrible events we saw in Las Vegas. I mean, there are things going on that are starting to be sort of the new normal. Aside from that, when we look at the macro environment, it still looks reasonably solid, and a lot of the trends that we have seen for some time now look to be continuing. You know, air ticket pricing is down, which is generally good for us. The lodging industry continues to be relatively strong. Haven't seen a big change there. Car rental companies kind of up and down. But, you know, no significant change their aside from the overall macro shift that seems to be hurting their on-airport locations towards, you know, things like Uber, which is obviously a great company. But, you know, aside from that, no major change. I think in terms of share and us specifically, we don't see a big change in what's happening with our overall our global growth brands. They continue to do very well. The things that end up hitting us from quarter to quarter are some of the smaller brands. I think the regional brands we mentioned got disproportionately hit by the hurricanes and other storms. Hotwire has not yet completely found its new footing, so that can be a drag on results. We still have not completely lapped over the shedding of some of the Orbitz Partner Network business that continues to be a drag on the business. So there's little kind of nicks and cuts that hit our results, but no change for the global growth brands. They are collectively doing well and on solid footing.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Well, I think it's a combination of the two. I would disproportionately put attribute winning market to them. If they were sitting still and doing nothing, I could say that they're just getting lifted by the rising tide, but they are just pushing a ton of change. It's remarkable how much change that that team has accomplished in such a short period of time, and they're not even nearly done. So I think that they're winning in the market. Now, whether or not they're winning from a like-for-like competitor, whether they are encouraging more people to travel than would otherwise travel, whether or not they're taking from the traditional lodging market. It's hard to say, but we do believe that they are growing significantly faster than the overall alternative accommodations market.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. Well, the team that is required to deliver on the ultimate acceleration in hotel acquisition in 2018 is not yet completely in place. We are in the process of starting to ramp that up. We have not given a number in terms of where we want to get to. I would just say that if you look at our overall property count now at 500,000 available on the OTA side, we've said 95,000 of those are HomeAway. So call it 400,000 less are actually hotel properties and compare that to the overall number of hotel properties that exists in the world. I mean, our ambitions are ultimately to connect everyone in the world to every place in the world and give them the full selection of places to stay. So over the course of the next five years, that's the direction that we're going to go. We do have, obviously, the processes in place now that we can scale things up. If you look at how many properties we added three years ago, it would have been 25,000 to 30,000. This year we'll add 80,000 or so, or a little bit north. So we just about tripled our capacity over the course of the last three years, and we're expecting to do a step change going forward as well. Yes, there's a cost side of this, but we do this to ultimately to generate revenue, and that comes from two sources. One is we have demand on our websites right now looking for properties that we don't currently have signed up. And so signing up those properties allows us to satisfy that demand. But two, if you take the simplest example of trivago that runs hotel-specific meta-search auctions, we are simply not in the auction for any hotel that we don't have. So it also creates the opportunity to drive new demand. So that's the goal here is ultimately better satisfy existing demand, create the opportunity to drive new demand, and in the process, build ultimately a better product for customers around the world and particularly customers in countries in which we prioritize. In terms of investment level, it's hard to characterize at this point. We don't want to get into providing detailed guidance for 2018, although we did provide actually guidance for 2018 a little bit early. But what I can say is that these are investments that, unlike the technology investments we made in the past that you should start to see some impact at least in terms of room-night growth versus what we would have otherwise delivered in 2018, particularly around the back part. It's going to take us a while to ramp things up, but you should start to see results, and I think you'll be able to see what we're doing based upon our property count, based upon our indirect sales and marketing expense ramp-up, and ultimately, we were successful in the short-term in room-night growth and, in the long-term in better margins. And I think you'll find the investment that we're making is appropriate and will be well returned.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. Well, I think, again, we stopped estimating what the total platform bookings were the day that we closed the deal. So we're not – it's very difficult for us to get a sense of the booking volume that's happening offline. What we can tell you is that traffic on the platform is growing, that the total listing count is growing. So we believe that the overall booking volume, including online and offline, is growing as well. At what rate, it's hard for us to tell. But we're very focused on, obviously, the online piece. So I think it's that the total bookings growth rate that we've seen online for HomeAway has been pretty consistently in sort of the 35%, 45% year-on-year range. I suspect obviously that that is penetrating into the larger opportunity and the offline piece is growing slower. But I think the whole 14 billion to 16 billion in total platform bookings, which is the number we gave at the time of the deal, is significantly larger now. Next question, please.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So in Asia Pacific, we've got a multi-pronged strategy there. I think when you think about Expedia, Inc., we are really part portfolio company, part operating company. And the first part of the multi-pronged strategy is about making sure that ultimately if there are attractive assets out there like Traveloka, which has really latched onto something special with what they're building there, that ultimately we can be a part of that. Not only in terms of investing capital, but also partnering with them to provide their non-direct hotel inventory. So that's a piece of it. I think, secondly, is we have a great business with our Expedia affiliate network which is not only powering the likes of Traveloka where we make minority investments but is also out there powering every other online travel agency that exists in China to the extent possible. Corporate travel players, offline travel agencies, all of which are pretty significant in Asia; airlines, for example. So even where we don't have necessarily a consumer-facing presence, making sure that we tap into demand from all of those regions, including China, which you mentioned, and driving that demand into our inventory base both in Asia Pacific but then also outside of Asia Pacific. And then separately, brand Expedia and Hotels.com are building real meaningful presences in Asia. Brand Expedia, for example, very strong in places like Hong Kong, building strong presence in Taiwan, starting to grow significantly in South Korea. Hotels.com very strong in South Korea. Brand Expedia very strong in Japan. So we should have got this combination of investing combined with our affiliate business combined with our global brands, and that's not even to talk about Egencia which is building up a big presence there to serve their corporate clients. So it is really multifaceted. Asia Pacific is quickly growing to be the largest travel market. Obviously with emerging markets there starting to actually become meaningful for pushing more people into the middle class, the fact that mobile is allowing people to leapfrog the desktop and bringing people more online, we're very excited about Asia and we are in Asia in many different ways, and we're in it very seriously. And I think if you look over a five-year basis, there will be many countries in Asia where at the end of five years, we are truly locally relevant in terms of having number one positions in those markets. In terms of integrating the inventory from HomeAway onto the Expedia, Inc. sites, I think the first pot of inventory to go after there is the 500,000 some-odd instantly bookable listings. We've got 95,000 of them now integrated into our core lodging stack. And really the goal right now is to get ourselves in a position where we have real property density across a number of popular destinations and we've got enough demand, which we now are up to 28 different points of sale, that we can really start to get the statistical significance on tests that we're running around how do you best present this inventory to ultimately deliver the most bookings by essentially matching that inventory with the demand or the customers who are actually looking for it. So that's what it's about. I think we will ramp it up even further here in the fourth quarter and into 2018. And our hope is that we do get better and better at matching the right customer to the right property. Our expectation is that we will. We do not have yet firm plans on integrating all of the other inventory yet, although it is, which is not instantly bookable, but is absolutely on our radar, and that is something that could come later on in 2018, but we have no definitive plans at this point.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. Well, I think the broader point there is that it is really something that we highlighted at the time of the acquisition, which is Phase 1 of this is just taking the volume of activity that they've got right now and they had at the end of 2015 when we closed the deal that was predominantly U.S. and Western European and predominantly in secondary and tertiary resort and ski destinations and moving that stuff online, and they are still in the process of doing exactly that. Phase 2/2a is then expanding their international presence, and Europe is an area where they are setting themselves up for success. It's part organizational, getting themselves into a real pan-European global organization, part of it is platform consolidation and getting everything on the same global platform, and they're making good progress there. It's hard for me to give you a timing on whether or not that is going to be a meaningful – when that will be a meaningful push for them. I think it'll be a little bit more gradual here through 2018, at least from what we see now. And then, the urban opportunity is something that is – which we called out as kind of the Phase 2, and maybe now I'll call it the Phase 2b. One of the big catalysts there is getting the HomeAway instantly-bookable inventory onto our core OTA sites. Those core OTA sites, brand Expedia, Orbitz, Travelocity, ebookers, Hotels.com, just to name a few, have real meaningful volume into major metropolitan centers, where there is a significant amount of urban inventory. So step one is to get what they've got in the resort and ski destinations, predominantly onto those sites, start actually getting things optimized and working, and then of course once we get those muscles working, moving that more into some urban accommodations. But it's not priority number one right now. It is something that maybe we'll get to towards the end of 2018, but it's not priority number one. Priority number one is get what you got online and monetize it better, and we think they're making great traction on that front.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So return on ad spend, I'd say no major change to how we've been looking at it. Factor number one is how much money am I going to make on this first transaction from this traffic that I'm buying. And consideration number two is how likely is it that this customer that I am introducing to my product is going to repeat with me. And as a general rule, the traffic that you would get in traditional paid search, think about it as the New York hotels' Blue Link that generally has a higher repeat propensity for our brand than something like a TripAdvisor meta search link, for example. So because of that, the return factor for meta search would be a little bit smaller than it would be for the traditional SEM. So that's essentially how we approach it. Again, I'd say no major change to our overall approach. In terms of how we attribute revenue to the ad channels and how do we attribute to the specific keywords, how do we attribute to all of the keywords they touch, I mean, this is a data science gold mine which we have a ton of people constantly working on answering this exact question. And I'm just not going to get into the details of that right now. It's something that's, I'd say, proprietary, but it is something we spend a lot of time on, and of course the most important thing is trying to get as close as you can to spending as much as you can or allocating as much as you can to the channel and to the keyword or whatever it is that actually drove the booking. And that's the goal of those teams.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Well, I think the short answer is no. We don't think it's impacting our business at all. We have seen no direct impact on our marketing efficiencies from anything they've been doing. We've seen no real impact on our conversion rates, our marketplace from the discounting they've been doing. So we're just not seeing it. I think as it relates to their overall push direct, listen, it makes a ton of sense to me. We do the exact same thing, which is bring customers onto our platforms, try to give them amazing experiences, and try to have them come back to us directly. So we think it makes strategic sense. Now what I would say is that the real way that, at least we think from our humble perspective, that hotels should be thinking about this is that the best way to get customers that are on our channel that are, by the way, brand agnostic. Less than half a percent of Hotels.com shoppers are looking for the largest hotel chain out there. They really are brand agnostic. And in the last 18 months with the all of the discounting activity that's been going on and seeing what that's done to the search results of these hotels, that's only been proven out even more that this is a competitive marketplace amongst hotels on our channel and that ultimately this is the basis of competition. So the question is well, how do they compete in that world. Well, the best way to compete in that world is the way that we compete, again, for our repeat customers is give them an amazing experience. And it's not through a television advertisement. It's not through rewards points. It's not through a discount. It's actually through giving them an amazing experience on property. And if they do that, they're going to build great loyal customers, customers that hopefully will come back to them again and again. But even if they don't come back to them again and again, customers that ultimately choose that hotel the next time they're shopping on Expedia or Hotels.com, and that's where I hope we can shift the dialogue. But I think they're booked direct. Overall, that intent, I think it makes a lot of sense.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes. Well, so it remains to be seen if we'll be pure cloud. I think there's a chance that we may require some of our own data center capacity indefinitely. But in the spirit of your question, at the point at which we think we'll be vast majority cloud, I would say it's a two to three-year effort.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. I mean, it obviously depends on how you're looking at take rate. We don't anticipate a significant change to our overall hotel margin mix as a result of this. There could be slight as we go into some markets with that lower structural margins, but there's nothing right now that says that's going to be a dramatic impact on our business. I think that if you look at take rate from the purely financial standpoint and look at international gross bookings versus international revenue, I think as we go more international, I think the first step is to actually ramp up our hotel acquisition efforts and get more hotel inventory. And that could drive more mix into hotel, which could be a positive for overall take rate defined by that sense.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Glad you asked about Egencia because we're pretty excited about it. I'd say that it is all growth in market share. Egencia has been consistently growing at two to three times faster than the overall market. The overall corporate travel spend environment has been actually pretty consistent over time. You're talking about flat to up slightly, low single digits (01:05:48). Not a significant change in the overall dynamic by region obviously in the emerging markets where overall business activity is growing quicker. You see quicker growth in corporate travel spend. But not a significant driver. So it is really all about growth in market share, and of course Egencia is taking essentially consumer experiences built by the best in class in consumer-facing online travel agencies and putting them in the hands of corporate travelers. And that just resonates with people. So their offering is resonating really well with the corporate travel market, and we are investing aggressively behind that. We mentioned we ramped up their sales force. That continues to go well. They had a record new client signing in Q3, which we're really excited about. And I think that we are I think very early in the stages of what Egencia can become. I think it's going to be a big part of this business, and I think five years from now, that will be all too clear.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Well, I think it's more likely taking it from traditional travel management companies or taking companies that used to work with traditional offline travel agents, some of the smaller ones, and moving them online. I don't think there's a lot of share coming from OTAs at all. In fact, I think there are some OTAs including Hotels.com and some of their other competitors that have a pretty significant part of their business that actually comes from business travelers. They're just not in a managed sense.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Well, essentially we're always optimizing our marketing spend within channels and across channels. I'd say that within each channel, we've essentially got efficiency and growth targets, and so whether or not actually a change in trivago results in a change in another channel, I couldn't be too specific with you on that.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Great. Well, I'd just like to reiterate I'm thrilled to be at the helm of this great company. I want to thank all of our amazing Expedians for yet another quarter of great work. And boy, we're really excited about the next chapter and we look forward to delivering it with all of you. Thanks to all of our investors, and we look forward to talking to you at conferences across the quarter and of course on our next Q4 call.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Yes. Thanks, Paul. This is Alan. Listen, on the bookings side, we didn't quantify it in the prepared remarks. We obviously have looked at it across the entire P&L. I would say the primary factor there on bookings has been a slowdown in domestic room nights booked in the period from about mid-August into a good part of September, and you can see that in our domestic bookings growth in Q3 compared to Q2. So that's the primary impact on gross bookings. On revenue, it's a combination of canceled room nights and then also refunds, where we're refunding more than we normally would in order to accommodate customers, but we haven't quantified the specific amounts. As far as the cloud spend is concerned, I'm not prepared to give you a number today. We are certainly in the process, but I guess what I'd like to do is just kind of be sure that everybody understands how this works. The spend that we're talking about is basically the spend that we pay to a cloud provider for compute power. And so as we move more and more of the products, the technology, the functionality into the cloud computing environment, then the spend ramps up. As we move through 2017, we are putting a fair bit of the compute into the cloud. The biggest component of which happens to be our components of our lodging stack, but by the end of this year, we will still have significant compute to move into the cloud. And so that will happen into 2018, and all of that results in an increase. So we'll have more details on that when we give the guidance, but it is a meaningful increase. I mean, I would say it's – think of it as being more than 50% increase year-over-year.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: And, Jed, I would say on your second question, just looking at the room night growth relative to the gross bookings growth, you know, obviously over a period of time, they're going to be the same. And the primary factor in the quarter actually probably has less to do than a significant difference in the rate of room nights booked versus room nights stayed and a bit more to do with their ADRs. Their ADRs are up kind of mid- to high single digits year-over-year as they have been for a while. And that's a combination of mix, it's also impacted by the mix of larger, bigger homes being booked. So I don't think there's a huge story this quarter in terms of their booked volumes versus their stayed volumes.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Yes. So on the CapEx savings, there's a couple ways to think about that. I mean, we're already seeing it. You can kind of see it – you can start to see it in our CapEx numbers. If you take a look at what we've spent so far this year that this year includes our spending on new headquarters. So we are in the data center down already, and the year-over-year comparison isn't even entirely fair to us, because the savings is actually kind of what you would have spent relative to what you are spending. So we are already seeing some benefit there. The real benefit, though, is going to come when we get far enough along in the process that we can actually start to shut down parts of our data centers. We're a little ways away from that. We've not made any final decisions there. We need to learn more in terms of how everything is going and how things are working. But at some point, we will be able to reduce the actual data center size, and that will be more meaningful. It will cut CapEx. And also, by the way, eventually we'll cut some OpEx in cost of sales, too. On the new headquarters, things are progressing just from a timing perspective, the vast majority of the work is going to be done in 2018 and 2019. There has been a fair amount of prep work done so far, but there's a lot of additional fitting out of existing buildings and some new structures going up in the next couple of years. We think the whole project, excluding purchase of the land, will be between (42:02) million. By the end of this year we will probably have spent around, call it, $130 million, $140 million. And so the rest of it will be split, call it, roughly evenly between 2018 and 2019. And we expect to be able to move into the building at the end of 2019.
Alan Pickerill - Expedia, Inc.: Yes, I think the majority of it is Easter. I do think there's a possible element that's associated with trivago's changes. But those would be the two primary factors.
