Peter Kern: Thanks, Eric. I'll take the first one and maybe let Julie answer the question on buybacks. As far as Vrbo goes, obviously, as I said, we just literally finished the app migration, and people haven't even updated all their apps yet. So it will take a little time for us to be fully across, but we're talking about weeks. And then I think it's a build from there. You have to remember that going through the migration was actually a negative process. It was conversion negative for us to come across, switch the stacks then optimize the stacks and improve them. So we're in the process now of having everything across and working on the improvement part and inflecting past where we were previously. So one, the product will improve from here. We won't have the drag of the conversion drags we've had during this past year, while we were migrating. And then, there are many things to drive growth in the future, we believe, obviously, we believe greatly in One Key. It's a key differentiator in the VR space. It allows all our members across Expedia and HCOM, which are many more in number of humans to have the option of using their One Key cash on Vrbo instead of on a different VR platform or for other products. It's a way to pull out more customers into Vrbo. It's a way to make Vrbo decidedly better as a value proposition than its competition. And I think there's a number of other things we are doing. I mentioned on our last call, we will work to incorporate much more of the multiunit vacation rental properties, we actually have on our OTA brands that don't live on Vrbo yet that we will be moving. So there's many parts to our growth plan in Vrbo, but I think we're excited now. We had to get across this work so that we could again start optimizing, really push One Key fully and take advantage of some of these other pieces we've been waiting on to finish the migration so that we could then move this inventory and do other the things that open up growth opportunities. So we feel good about how Vrbo's positioned. Obviously, this was a tough year of migration, but a lot of optimism for what we can do in the coming years with it.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Lee. Look, I'm not opining as a world leader on the likelihood of geopolitical acceleration potentially in '24. I certainly hope not for all our sakes. What we're seeing now, as we referred to, there was some short-term movement in early October that appeared to be from what was going on in the Middle East. That doesn't appear to be an ongoing thing, but there was some noise. So we are mindful of the potential volatility from that. But I would say we're more ambitious and more excited because, frankly, even the fourth quarter is just barely beginning to get the benefit like when I talk about Vrbo being past the migration like it was like 2 days ago. So fourth quarter, we're in the middle of the fourth quarter. So getting a lot out of that now in the next 8 weeks is a lot harder than what we have ambition for next year. And if you take that across everything and you take that across One Key still being in relatively early days, and so forth. We're still like this is a big snowball we're pushing and it's starting to turn, but it's going to turn faster and faster. So we have more ambition about our own ability to drive it next year and our own opportunity there. Obviously, there could be macro things that make it harder or easier on all of us. But we think relative to our competition, relative to where we've been, we're just going to be in a much better place. So that is what gives us ambition, it's not that we think the world will all come down and all wars will go away and everyone will have piece. It's that we think we're just going to be in a materially better spot as we're further along this journey.
Peter Kern: Yes. I think technologically, there aren't a lot of gating items. I mentioned that we've only rolled One Key to the U.S. So rolling One Key along with leaning in more energy into certain places will be part of the strategy. But again, not a gating issue, but that has to happen and there is some technical work to getting that launched in other countries. It's not a big lift, it's just something that will come as we roll out. But more importantly, I'd say it's a balance. We believe we're equipped now. We believe we have the tools to compete better than we ever have. We believe we have a winning product. And as we all know, you've got to market back into these countries. I mentioned the better understanding of customers, which customers we want, how we get the right customers, how we find the highest lifetime value customers, things like that. It's really just about doing it in an orderly process. We're not going to just carpet bond in the world. We're going to go selectively after the most valuable markets to us where we have the most right to win, and we're going to keep chipping away at it. But we're excited to go back on offense in the rest of the world.
Peter Kern: Yes. Sorry, you broke up a little bit, but I'll take a stab at it. I think in terms of the regional, what we've seen is, as I mentioned, APAC and Latin America have been faster-growing markets for everybody. Basically, it's a function of where different regions are in terms of their rebound post-COVID. North America and Europe and APAC, excuse me, EMEA are more stable. They've been kind of saw the rebound earlier and have been on a more consistent state. We've seen the same in our business, but our business is less exposed to APAC than it is to, obviously, North America, somewhat less exposed to Europe. So there's differences there. But what we've seen and I referred to is what we're seeing is pretty much around the globe, we've been able to hold or grow share even in markets where we have relatively small share. Again, we're eating into the pie and different of those markets, we have different aggression for but remember, we've done this basically with four arms tied behind our back. We're trying to do what we could with the levers we had. And increasingly, we have more and more levers and better and better product and all of that will make us more competitive, we believe, as we go forward. As far as the efficiencies go, I think we've been saying this for a while, but we've had these huge tasks that we've undertaken to get across the transformation, do these migrations, et cetera. Everything gets faster and easier. So think of it as either more output with the same amount of energy or opportunities, whether it be in cloud, as Julie referred to or other licensing and maintenance other opportunities in which work we choose to do, that there's this opportunity now to stop. We've grown for quite a bit of time now in our, particularly in product and tech. We no longer need to grow our base of overhead in order to grow our business much faster. So as those lines diverge, we become more efficient, and that's what we're talking about.
Peter Kern: Sure. So the first part of your question, we haven't seen really anything on the consumer side. We keep looking. But there's definitely nothing obvious and you'd have to squint it really hard and look by sub, sub, subregion to try to foray and cut it by price point and a lot of things to really see anything noticeable. Interestingly and anecdotally, we've seen that customers who have gotten One Key cash where they didn't have it before, et cetera, or in some cases, as part of One Key, we introduced higher discounts for our silver and gold members at certain properties that customers are typically using it to get a better room type as opposed to take the money to the bottom line. So they're actually using the available capital they had in mind just for more rather than saving the money. So again, that's just an anecdote, but there does not appear to be any major shift going on. Of course, we have historically and still are strongest in the mid and upper parts of the market as opposed to the lowest end of the market. And that, again, may be moving slightly, but we have not seen any broad consumer change in habit. As far as your second question goes, as I mentioned, the first part of moving the website was going backwards to go forwards, was consolidating it. Vrbo is now getting the benefit of a lot of successful winners that we had rolled out on our OTA brands across Expedia and Hotels.com, and now it will benefit from many of the things that have won there. So we're in the middle of testing in all the things that have won historically on the OTA brands, getting the best-in-class of maps and other things search and store and so forth. I'd say we're still in that journey. I'd say we're still behind in terms of conversion, in terms of pre versus post migration on the website, but we are on the rise and catching up, and we expect to inflect past where we were [indiscernible]. And the app so far has appeared to have done better, and our hopes are that we'll see less of -- less going backwards and more going forward faster. So we're directionally going up from here, but we did have to take a little bit of a step back as we migrate.
Peter Kern: I'll take the first part and thanks, Jed and have Julie take the second. I would say that from a marketing efficiency standpoint, you've seen us just begin to market more with the launch of One Key sort of the brands together. And that is a journey that we will continue to learn on and grow on in terms of how to optimize our brand spend and all of our performance marketing spend to optimize the best place to bring a customer in. And then the best way to bring them around our universe of products. But I would say what we're most excited about is the ability to get customers to cross shop and to get them to use, stay in our group of brands and spend their money there, and that gives us a lot more opportunity to drive direct business because we already have a big base of customers in each of those brands that we can now bring to other brands, whether it's an HCOM customer who needs a flight or a car or whether it's an Expedia customer who needs a Vrbo, that ability to keep everything in the universe, get people to use that currency across. As we all know, the more direct business we have, the more margin it drives and then we have the latitude to invest or not as much as we want into performance marketing, driving new customer acquisition. And again, we're getting smarter and smarter about who we go after, how we go after them and how we optimize for the lifetime value of that customer base. So I think that's how we think about it. In terms of the practical like have we figured out all the nuts and bolts of the best way to promote the brands together. The best way to promote One Key, I think we're still on a learning journey there, but we're excited about it. And the One Key work was awesome and you're going to start to see the brands more present in other brands as time goes on. But I think the big opportunity, as I mentioned about new members, we took a group that didn't have membership basically, and turn them into new members in a big pool of membership where they can get a lot of benefit across a bunch of different products that they couldn't get before from Vrbo. So that's what's exciting to us. Our goal is to drive much more direct business through that. And as I think we've said before, we look at spend for loyalty, for marketing, for any kind of pricing and discounting things we do, all as one pool of capital that's focused on the best way to acquire and retain customers, and that's really -- so we're happy to trade those dollars off to the most efficient way to drive the overall business. And that's what you're going to see us do over time more and more.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Chris. I think for us, and we're a little differently situated than our competition. But for us, we saw a huge COVID era boom when everyone was trying to be in their own house and rent their own space and whatever. We definitely saw a little bit of pressure on that this past year as that kind of came off. But in terms of how things are progressing, once you kind of reset for that, we think demand is pretty stable, and there's lots of opportunity for growth. In the other parts of the business, our friends across the way, they play in urban much more in shared accommodations. We do think there's opportunity in urban and we are building supply in many areas, but we are sticking to our knitting of the whole home whole apartment experience as opposed to shared spaces, et cetera. We think there's lots of runway there, and there will be probably more supply coming on as homeowners struggle with mortgage rates and other things. There's a good opportunity for supply there. So we still see plenty of opportunity in compressed places and compressed time, banded time periods in different areas. So I think we feel good about going back on offense. We've been playing, this is one of the areas we've been playing a little bit with the hand tied behind our back. But macro in the whole home space, we expect there to be growth again, barring geo political, who knows. And I can't speak for the other shared accommodation spaces and other things, that's not where we're focused.
Peter Kern: And I'll just add, and I'll take the second part. But I wish I could tell you that this migration is like we flip a switch when it's over and everything goes 2x. But it is, you're growing out of a period of lots of change with all the tools you need to go faster, but they built on each other over time. So our first week out of the gate is not going to be like our 52nd week out of the gate. And so this is something where there's some noise in the numbers as we alluded to from geopolitics and other things, we'll see where it ends up landing, but our enthusiasm for what next year can bring is built on the underlying building blocks, not on the what is the trend line today or what is the macro. So that's where our enthusiasm comes from. As for the metrics you're asking about, yes, absolutely. I mean it was the understanding and knowing that app members, in particular, our highest producing customers have the highest return rates, the highest CLV et cetera, was the reason we lean so heavily into app. It may not be that surprising that's the case. Obviously, they have a propensity to come direct more, which saves us money is remarketing them. So there's lots of elements that make those members better for us. We have invested both directly and acquiring them through marketing as well as doing much, much more in the product. to move customers into the app for all of those reasons. And we're still seeing that those cohorts still perform better even as we pushed more and more people they still perform better than a guest or a member who's not in the app, et cetera. So those statistics have held up. We keep pushing it. You're going to see us keep pushing it. We are going to be app first in terms of product, in terms of where you see the most innovation coming and coming fastest. So we are fully leaned into getting customers into our best product, making our app our best product and experience and making sure all of that innovation I talked about is happening first and foremost in the app, so we get more people in it. More people into the state we like and then, of course, hopefully, working between our apps as they enjoy the benefits of our loyalty program. So that's, yes, to all of that. The numbers hold up. We've seen the benefit, and that's why we keep pushing it.
Peter Kern: Yes. I'll knock off the first. Yes. I mean our B2B business, we have a nice business in China. China, as you know, is a tough place to compete on a B2C basis and really none of the Western companies do anymore. So we don't have that benefit. On the B2B side, we're seeing a nice pickup. But I'll remind you that airlift out of China is still well below pre-Covid levels. There were some recent announcements in the last week increasing flights between China and the U.S., which is a good story, but it's still not a massive story. So you still have substantially less airlift out of China into most of the west. So it's not going to be again, it's not going to be a snap your finger and it's back to 2019 levels, but I think it's going to be a nice tailwind for a long time as hopefully, relations improve and more travel opens up, there's visa issues in China and other things. So we're seeing some good progress there. We power some of the local players in our B2B business, off-line travel agents and online. And there's definitely a pickup of travel. Some of that is intra-Asia. Some is even intra China, but for the big pick up, there is a piece that we really haven't gotten to yet, which is getting China back to real international travel at pre-COVID levels, which will take some time. But it's a nice tailwind, obviously, mainly for our B2B business, and that business has a lot of tailwinds. So it's just another one for us.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Zach. As I mentioned in my comments, we were prepared for some dislocation and some people being upset. Obviously, there have been a few, but actually, it's been considerably less than we expected and the behavior of the customer base has been frankly better than we anticipated. Hardly, we had a number of ways we were going to make that right with our customers and continue to do. But in general, we've seen less unhappiness and generally behavior that's consistent with their prior buying behaviors by and large. There are some exceptions, and we've had some programs to help with our most valued customers there. But again, we think we're moving into a really good state with being a gold or even platinum member of One Key and ton of benefits that come with that. And as I alluded to, we're starting to see them use their One Key cash on Expedia to buy other things. So it's the beginnings of what we are trying to ferment, which is this idea that while it may not be quite as rich, it's much more flexible. You can use it for many more things and with the improved member discounts and other added benefits we've added to the program. you can get just as much benefit out of the program, just built slightly different way and now way more flexible. So in general, we were pleased. I'd say if we took the over-under, it was definitely better than we had hoped and knock wood it remains that way, and we feel pretty good about how it's trending.
Peter Kern: Yes. I'd say we feel quite good about our continued growth of the B2B business. As I mentioned, we're still finalizing our plans for next year. So not committing to any numbers or anything. But in terms of double-digit growth, we feel confident that the B2B business can continue to grow based on a number of reasons. One, we are constantly adding new partners. And like same-store sales, first year new partner doesn't perform like a second-year partner, and so people mature into performance. So we've got a runway of that. We have an expectation of what we continue to sell into in the marketplace, whether it's offline travel agents, new partners on our APIs or on our platform. We've got a number of initiatives designed to make our products even more appealing, whether it's new flexibility and how our technology works for our partners, how they can choose the best price, how they can put the best pieces together. So we have a number of initiatives that all build up to what we think is good visibility into continued strong growth in that business.
Peter Kern: Yes. Well, I would say that in principle, when we were rolling it out, the idea was that between our collective loyalty programs, it would not be net additive to the cost. It would be allocated differently among our customers and the benefits would be spread more evenly across our base of customers. So you can think of it as kind of a zero-sum game in terms of total expected dollars expended in contra revenue. Now there were other benefits, as I mentioned, more member discounts, other things built into our platinum level and other. So there are some other pieces that added other value outside of just what you see in kind of the contra revenue space. But that was designed to kind of be a zero sum-ish game. And as I alluded to, we held some back to help bring along our Hotels.com customers, et cetera. some of which we've expended. But all in all, it's basically been as good or better than we you thought in terms of a cost exercise. We still have a long way to go to get all the benefit on the growth side of it. That's something we continue to work on. And as I mentioned, it takes some time to come through the numbers. But in terms of the cost side, I think we've made that transition we are incurring roughly a similar -- think of it as a similar overall cost against the revenue margin across the whole business. And now we just have a lot more people engaged in the program. So we think the net positive on the growth side and shouldn't really cost us in terms of, think of it as revenue margin shouldn't really cost us any more than we were expending before.
Peter Kern: Yes. Sure, Mark. Well, so first of all, we were the first to launch it. We've been learning a lot as we've gone. We've talked at a few conferences about how we've learned to help customers engage with it. Sometimes they don't know what to ask. There's a lot of discovery going on in the world of generative AI around prompts and how to get people into the right questions, et cetera. So we're doing a bunch of work on that. We've recently, frankly, just highlighted it more, so people could find it. We weren't necessarily certain it was a net conversion winner or not anything winner. We just knew customers were curious. We wanted to see if we could help them with planning, et cetera. Since we've highlighted it more, we've gotten much more engagement. But again, it's early days, and it's not really I wouldn't think of it as impacting the business materially other than keeping us on the forefront of technology for our customers and the customers who want to experience it and discover through it. Now as I mentioned, we are using generative AI in many other ways besides just that, hey, I want to go to Paris, when is a good time to go to Paris question, but we're using it in our reviews to help customers sift through reviews and ask a simple question. We're using it in service. We're using it in a lot of places. So generative AI is a bigger story for us long-term and for everybody. But I think in terms of that one feature on the home page, it's still pretty small. People who like it really like it. I wouldn't say it's moving the business one way or the other, but it's a feature we want to have up there, and it's a feature we want to enhance. And ultimately, we want to use AI broadly and generative AI to take you more easily through the collective journey. Whatever part of it you can use it best for, whether that's home page, discovery, kind of greenfields trying to figure out a trip or anywhere through search, sort, purchase comparison, all of those places that are complicated areas for customers. We want to help use AI, use generative AI where appropriate to just take friction out of that journey end-to-end. And that's a journey we're on, and homepage is just one part of it.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thank you, Ken (sic) [Alec]. I would say, again, we are happy to have customers on any brands they enjoy. But if you look at how we've invested capital, we have not been really investing in those smaller brands for the last few years. There are still customers who enjoy those brands. We're not planning to turn them off or make them go somewhere else. We obviously think they'd be better off in our main brands with the best-in-class loyalty program and everything else. But at this point, and really, to your point, as we've centralized the technology, the lift of maintaining those things has gone away. So as we get rid of having multiple stacks and old stacks to keep up and other things like that, we get to an efficient state where 1 or 21 doesn't really matter. Now it's a matter of brand marketing, as a matter of consumer experience, we are focused on the big 3 and we will keep doing that. And in different parts of the world, that may look slightly different. We may have fewer than three. We may have one or two that's under a different name. But in general, we are going to be focused on a small group of brands where all the spending goes and then to the extent we have these other brands, we don't want to run customers off. As you say, that's been a drag. It's increasingly small drag, if I can say that, like it's getting smaller and so the drag is getting smaller, which is helping us, honestly, as we start to accelerate the bigger pieces and they outrun the drags. But we're also not trying to accelerate their drag on us, and we will maintain those as long as customers like using them, but you should expect those to continue to shrink and for virtually all our energy certainly are spending energy to go into the core brands. Thank you.
Peter Kern: I think that's it. So thank you, operator. That's the last question. Thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to talking to you after the end of the year. Take care.
Julie Whalen: And then as far as the $5 billion buyback authorization, we don't per se have any set guardrails, although I would say that generally speaking, we look to what our free cash flow levels are in the year. and obviously make a decision then where our stock price is and where we believe the valuation of the company is and what our long-term outlook is, make a call as to how much then pivots to buybacks. But at the same time, we've also got excess cash and so if we wanted to be even more aggressive on what is per se, the free cash flow plan for the year, we could do that as well. So the short answer is it really depends, but we have a lot of flexibility there and we intend to buy back our stock opportunistically.
Julie Whalen: And I think the short answer on the EBITDA question post tech migration is, we expect to drive obviously both. We want to have strong EBITDA dollar growth and we want to have margin expansion. We're not going to need to invest as much as we have in the past. As Peter said earlier, now the protect migration is complete. We should be starting to get more efficiencies out of machine here by deprecating systems, redeploying resources, cutting all the incremental costs associated with that and just getting more output, getting more leverage from all of the goodness that we've been investing in the past. Now we are also wanting to be on the offensive as we said. So there may be times in areas that we think we need to invest, still driving EBITDA growth and maybe not as much EBITDA margin in certain situations. But for the most part, we're committed to both, but this is a year of offense and so we want to have that flexibility.
Julie Whalen: I'll take the first one. I mean as far as the bookings, I think this past quarter and the subsequent Q4 guidance that we gave those are both indicative of some shorter-term things that have occurred. So as we mentioned, we were unfortunately impacted by the Maui fires that brought down gross bookings lower than we had expected in Q3, and we're being thoughtful in our Q4 guidance of what could potentially be an impact associated with the uncertainty in the geopolitical environment. So we'll see how that plays out for the quarter. So early in the quarter, we've seen very little noise at this point, but that doesn't necessarily provide an indication of what's going to happen in 2024. And for all the things that Peter mentioned that we have completed and all the momentum we have in the underlying health of the business and coming out of the tech migration and all the goodness that's coming from the One Key launch and the growing base of app and loyalty members and all of that kind of adding on top of each other as we incrementally roll through the year should drive that gross bookings up.
Julie Whalen: As far as the $5 billion buyback, I mean, if you look at how much we've bought back just year-to-date, it's what, a little over 2x that. So this is meant to be a multiyear, but we feel definitely very comfortable with this level and with the fact that we know we're going to be having growing free cash flow. And so we thought this was the right amount to go out with. So we're not doing an annual review, if you will, but not also making it so far out. So we thought it was a good healthy balance. As far as what's left in the plan today, there's very, very, very little. So this is really I would see this as sort of a new and existing launch.
