Peter Kern: Sure. Thanks, Eric. I'll take a crack at both of those. I'd say broadly, yes, I mean, what we're seeing is a relative, what I would call a relative normalization of seasonal trends and booking trends. There's obviously some dynamics around what is opening or more newly opened, and what has been open for a while, as we've seen, for example, this summer with lots of travelers going to Europe, where maybe they didn't go last summer, Asia opening up, and more travelers going there. Of course, parts of Asia like China still don't have full airlift out of China. So there's still differences. But I think broadly in terms of the effect of like COVID, last year we had COVID first quarter, and then the second quarter was a huge quarter because things opened up after Omicron. That's kind of normalized out, and I think in terms of booking windows, booking trends, they're moving around a little bit, but by and large, they're normalizing to what I would call generally pre-pandemic patterns. So I think that's the main thing. In terms of geo, again Asia will open up more. There will be more travel there. We're seeing APAC and LATAM growing faster because of those things opening more recently. So that's certainly a trend. But again, I think that normalizes once it's been opened, call it a year or so. And then as far as Vrbo goes, very hard to quantify. And obviously, the switch, the sort of consumer switch from Vrbo or vacation rentals generally to more hotel started happening in the back half of last year and earlier this year. So that's sort of a macro trend as far, so we'll be lapping some of that now as we get into the back half of the year. But as far as our journey goes, yes, One Key we think is a big opportunity for us it's the first time that Vrbo customers will have loyalty. It's a chance to get them involved in our whole universe of products so we can bring them into the other products. Obviously now, Expedia members, hotels.com members can use their points on Vrbo. So we think that becomes a very attractive reason to use Vrbo. So we definitely think One Key will drive a lot of cross shopping between the products. Hard to quantify yet, but that's a core belief in what we are trying to do with One Key. And then as far as the migration goes, as we've talked about, you're changing the product, you're moving it across, the last piece will be moving the app, which is very binary, so you tend to do it at the end. That's still coming, but we're excited about what the product will be able to do. We're excited about having all the products on one stack and being able to innovate across all of it together. And as we've talked about for a long time, that will eventually lead us to be able to sell much more easily Vrbo products across all brands, across our B2B products, etc. So we don't have a number for you, but I think broadly, I think we're going to lap the macro trends of shift from vacation rental to hotels later this year, and then, the migration stuff will still be around for a few more months, bu we're excited about being past it and the opportunities that presents.
Peter Kern: And then I think the share point plays into that. We feel like we've been holding share in our core markets. We've been gaining some of our outside North American markets, outside U.S. markets in a number of places. So again, as Julie said, it's all sort of placed in together, which is we're trying to, of course, drive the best return on our investments. We thought there was better return when we had the extra hook of One Key. We felt like we were holding in places and we could have spent the money to drive some more bookings into Q2, but we felt like the return was better, literally waiting weeks, many weeks to push it into July when we were launching with One Key. So it's a small movement in the scheme of things. Of course, it moves around margins a little bit and it moves around. Yes, it moves some bookings from maybe Q2 into Q3. And yes, it moves some even though maybe into Q2 instead of Q3. But in the scheme of things, we're trying to spend that money as efficiently as we can. We launched One Key as soon as we could basically and it would have been nice to obviously launch it sooner, but this is when we could get it out the door and we think that there's better returns attached to that hook and getting customers in, getting them engaged in One Key, getting those return dynamics and direct dynamics where we want them. So that's why in the scheme of things, not huge dollars or anything, but we moved a little money and sure, that cost us a little bit of [GBV] and revenue in Q2 and will mean a little bit of extra spend in Q3.
Peter Kern: I think it's a number of things. As I mentioned, Kevin, we are seeing good growth as we push back into some of our foreign markets where we saw opportunity and that's been going reasonably well. In the scheme of things, obviously, U.S. being so big for us to accelerate broadly, we also need the U.S. to accelerate, so that's a combination of a number of things which are, yes, One Key starting to kick in, but Q3 is early days, right? One Key is a loyalty program designed to incent return, certainly attractive in terms of make your first purchase and get value, but I don't think we're not expecting massive impact in Q3 from One Key. We're just seeing good acceleration in the market. Q2 comps were tough because of last year, and as Julie alluded to, some of the strange insurance dynamics and other things normalize out in the Q3 as we lap that and Q4. The acceleration is really just a continuation of, we see strong demand. We built this base of consumers that we continue to build on that are repeating more and having behaviors we like a lot more, and that just keeps building, and One Key enhances it, and that's really the core of it, but it's not just in the U.S. The growth is also outside the U.S., but I will say a lot of the acceleration certainly is coming from B2C as opposed to more acceleration in B2C.
Peter Kern: Yes, thanks Mark. So on ChatGPT, I agree with you. It's interesting. It has a ton of promise. It is early days. We've been studying it. I won't say it's moved the numbers in any way that you could see. And the customers who like to engage with it like to engage with it, lots of customers don't need it or don't choose to. I think the future though lies much more in a better integration, which will come as more large language models come out. And we figure out how to embrace them with our own data. Right now they kind of live separately and you can do a bunch of discovery with the tool and then save things and come investigate with us. Over time, there will be ways, I think, where we're not sharing your personal data with chatGPT, but where we can combine their capabilities with our data and use that to serve you better. So this is going to be an evolution of experience. That's why I mentioned we've been learning, we've been studying where customers get stuck, what they can't seem to do. Some of them don't exactly know how to engage or start a conversation. So there's a lot of work, not just by us, but by the industry around the large language models on prompts and other ways to get customers through it more easily. And I think all of those pieces will add up to more impact, but the impact now is basically the minimum, since you wouldn't see it in the numbers. As for One Key, I think that's more of a gradual build. Obviously, there's a couple of different things you're looking for. There's the appeal of having a strong, broad, flexible, best-in-class rewards program to attract customers and make them choose us over other people. And then there's the back-end part of, then do they come back directly once you've got them in their One Key program and hopefully once you've got them to download the app and now do they exhibit the behaviors of coming back? So that second part takes longer because as we all know, some people don't travel all that often, so it takes time for them to come back and book again, etc., even though many booked a lot. And then the first piece, we should start to see, as we literally just launched it, you may have seen the ads, the campaigns are out there, starting to put the messaging into all our performance marketing and anything that's out there digitally, etc., into our out-of-home. So it will continue to build, and you'll start to see it show up in all our marketing for all our brands. And we believe that's a hope that will continue to make intelligent consumers choose us because it will be a better value that gives them more back for their travel. So that part we should begin to see sooner, and that's why we think that will start to have a bigger impact into the back-end of this year. But the longer-range part of return and direct and driving those things, that will take a little longer to play out in the numbers.
Peter Kern: Maybe I'll take those in reverse order. Take the sort of factual ones first. So yes, one of the pieces, not that relevant necessarily for the investment community, but that is important for the consumers, because we've expanded our member discounts as part of this One Key launch, so that where we used to have one level, basically, of member discounts, we now have, blue, silver, gold levels, and there are more discounts for higher tiered members, and that is part of the value proposition that we give to our consumers. Those are funded by our supply partners. It's a way for them to get to better and better higher value travelers, and that is an important added feature that we launched with, and we will be expanding over time. So that is certainly, booking has had tiered discounting from some of their supply partners, and that is a feature we have not had before, so I think, yes, that is a good competitive way. I will say that we also think we have those discounts on more valuable hotels that are worth more value to our customers who are more valuable. So, which goes to your first question, which is, yes, we have confidence that we are building a pool of more valuable customers, in the large part because we are getting them into more valuable states, so as we get them into membership, as we get them into app, and we follow how those cohorts perform, we know those cohorts perform for lots of good and thoughtful reasons, much better. So a member, of course, sees the member discounts, the loyalty rewards, and so forth, and app member does even more typically and comes back more directly, all good things. So as we build up those pools, and our blend of total consumers and total transacting consumers is blended towards these pools that have higher peak rates, higher LTV, et cetera, we are essentially building a bank of more value that is left to play out in the future. So that is why we do have confidence in what we are doing there. Obviously, we have done it particularly well as I talked about before in Expedia US, now we are doing it in more countries, now we are working on doing it with Hcom, and then expanding that to more countries, now we will be able to do it in Vrbo as well. So that is why we say we have a lot of runway left here, but we can see it happening where we have intent, where we have spent according to that, where we have driven the product, moved more customers into membership, and signed up into the app. Every step in that journey creates more value for us.
Peter Kern: Sure. I think the first one, the short answer is, it is too early. I mean, we have converted more than $70 million, don't have today's count, but over 70 million consumers into the One Key program. These are existing members, and also new members that have joined in the last few weeks. We've had lots of new members join in Vrbo. We've been able to activate, a customer who may be using Vrbo and may have been a customer of one of the other brands a long time ago, but now they're in a program where they'll see the benefit in the other brands. So we've done a lot of, sort of, the core work of getting customers aligned, getting their accounts right, getting their accounts consolidated if they had reports in different places, which was complicated. So we've made huge progress. It's too early to say that, there's not enough signal yet to say, well, people are, doing acting, behaving differently and doing lots of different things. And even in Vrbo, there's a lot of cross currents and a lot of the time is launching One Key. And a lot of our Vrbo customers, even though they're getting a great benefit, they're, they're having to understand, like, wait a minute, there's a membership program. What is it? Do I sign up to it? So there's the usual issues of launching something new and a product experience that people are accustomed to, but we've seen a lot of great response and, millions of sign-ups and I wouldn't say necessarily massively incremental in terms of the velocity, but just a lot of people engaging with it and signing up. And then as far as HGMP goes, yes, we have, there is a little bit of noise from our heaviest users about what does it mean for them. But I will say we've taken care of them. We've made sure that the value they had did not get diluted. And our view of the new program is that they get much more value through flexibility. They get value through the deeper discounts. We just talked about a member discount. So while it might not be constructed exactly the same, our heaviest users will get massive benefit and in our opinion, more benefit than they can get anywhere else in travel. So it's not like we went from, we love you and we give you all this and now we're going to devalue your program and not give you a lot. We're actually carrying over their value and we're giving them huge incremental flexibility, ways to spend their value on flights, on verbal, all kinds of things they couldn't do before and far more member discounts and other high-end benefits for our heaviest users, gold and platinum, et cetera. So they're going to get a ton of value and they just have to make, I think the industry has trained people to think they're going to lose out every time, loyalty program changes. This is not one of those circumstances. I won't say there's not a single customer who won't find that, they don't like this one as well as the last one. But this is a great program with a lot of value for the heaviest users and I think they will all come to understand it and love it. And appreciate the benefits. What they got, even though, it might be slightly different than it was. All right, thank you.
Peter Kern: Yes, I think it's really just intent on our part, as we reacted to COVID and we started rebuilding things, in a number of markets in the rest of the world, we back down spend a little bit and we got a little more conservative as we wanted to build our new mousetrap, as it were. And I think now that we have greater confidence in all the things I've talked about, be it membership, the value of app downloads, and so forth, we've been driving back into a number of international markets where we think there are good returns and we've been seeing nice returns. Now, these are modest changes in the scheme of things. There's nothing dramatic happening, but we're just seeing, what I call low hanging fruit and opportunity for us to move back into some of these markets in a smarter way. So, again, not a huge story there, just that, we feel good about share in the U.S., we feel good about what we're seeing, early signs as we push back into these international markets. So, on share , we're feeling reasonably good with more on this.
Peter Kern: Yes. I mean, I would say, look, we're working with them and working in the auctions around the world all the time. I don't think we've seen anything particularly different in terms of inflation or not in the auctions. I mean, the auctions have been inflating over the last several years. And of course, they're highly competitive, particularly amongst the biggest of us. But no, I don't think we've seen anything that's of any concern, et cetera, over what's happening in terms of pricing in those markets. And of course, we are trying every day to find better opportunities, higher long-term return opportunities to invest our advertising dollars, be it in app downloads or other kinds of environments, shall I say, that encourage those behaviors, as opposed to just Google auctions. So I think we're probably not alone in that, but that's been a core part of our strategy as we've tried to get away from simply trying to buy transactions and getting much more focused on what consumers we buy, getting them into the right state in the app, and so forth. So that's an ongoing journey for us, but that's the direction that journey will keep going on forever.
Peter Kern: Sure. So I think, yes, as far as the airlines go, I mean, we have seen, you've never heard that pricing is softened a little bit in domestic air in North America. There's a little bit more supply. And yes, there's been high demand for international. So I think it's been mostly a shifting of patterns. It's not total consumable dollars. Obviously, in every industry, not everybody participates the same way. Some are more domestically focused. Others have bigger international exposure. But in terms of consumer demand, I'd say it's broadly been steady and good, and there hasn't been -- there are places that fall and other places that rise. But overall, the consumer has been acting healthy and strong. So I don't think there's anything to see there other than moving, moving geographical trends and consumer trends in terms of what they're looking for. As far as brand spend, and again this isn't, I wouldn't get focused on the word brand spend, as we conventionally think about it, it is spend against our business, which could be brand spend, it could be performance marketing, it could be a lot of things. When we say we wanted it to support the One Key launch, it's not in the sense of like we needed money to buy TV spots, it's in the sense of we thought our money with the hook of One Key out the door would be more efficient as we drove consumption, be it through Google auctions or be it through digital advertising of various kinds or television. So that's what we were talking about. As far as how we're going to spend, we have a campaign out now that's very focused on One Key as a concept and the three of them coming together. But our intent is, at least for now, to keep marketing each brand, they will then, they will all have a touch point to One Key and make clear that they are, sibling brands and part of one big umbrella loyalty program, but they will each have their own brand identity in terms of what their consumer proposition is and how they deliver it to the consumer.
Peter Kern: A lot of good questions there. I would say starting with One Key, basically I think the simplest way to think about it is One Key is closest in what it offers to what the Expedia program was, the brand Expedia program was historically in that you earn points, the points are worth money, you can spend the money. Some things have changed. I mentioned the member discounts. You now have silver and gold member discounts. There's added benefits for those silver, gold, platinum members that they get. But it's most similar, so that's, I would say, the least change in the sense that you could already use that currency across many products and things. You couldn't really use, you couldn't use it in Vrbo, but that was the one missing piece. So maybe the way to think about that is you've added Vrbo to the pot and those consumers can now benefit when they want to rent a vacation rental. Hotel.com, many of you are familiar, had a very rich program for the super user. If you book 10 rooms, you get a night free, and that was a very valuable benefit for a super user, but the vast majority of users didn't get a benefit because they never stayed enough nights. So we're trying to make that program much more attractive to all users while still keeping it very attractive to the super user for all the points I went into a moment ago as to why they would find incremental value there. And again, you could only use that on hotel product. Now you can use it on anything. And that's a lot more flexible, a lot more vast, and you can do a lot more with it. And then, of course, Vrbo had nothing. Now Vrbo will have rewards, which Airbnb doesn't have, etc. And you'll be able to use it for your next Vrbo stay, but you can also use it to go to a hotel or a resort or take your family on a flight or whatever. So again, it just gives all of our customers a lot more ways to use it for a lot different occasions and for a lot different products. And ultimately, we're trying to build a base of loyal customers that use us for all their travel needs that can go across whatever they need and spend more with us, buy more products from us, etc. So that's the game. We have all these brands, all these capabilities. We wanted the customers to benefit from all of that. So the patterns we're looking for is cross shopping, more items per customer, higher LTVs, more direct, more app-direct, etc. So that's what we think One Key really helps drive. As far as the puts and takes in the back half of bookings, your point about the smaller brands, as part of it, yes, the smaller brands that we have to emphasize for some time now are getting smaller and that drag is getting lighter all the time. We mentioned some of the things going on with insurance normalizing post-COVID and a few strange effects there. That's normalizing in the back half of the year. And lodging continues to grow, B2C lodging continues to grow, for instance most through [indiscernible] but both brands are getting stronger in the back half after the tough comp. And so you're basically getting the strong pulling more weight and getting bigger, the sort of noisy stuff making less noise. And overall we see good velocity in the business right now and we're seeing it continue and we feel good about all the product improvements. I mean this has also been a journey of improving product, improving conversion, improving sign-in, improving app-down, like all of those things are part of that journey. So every day they're literally getting better and stacking up on themselves. So I think that's a long journey and there's no magic to why it's going to hit next Tuesday, but with Vrbo's migration done, with One Key, which is a huge amount of resource for us out the door, these things, the velocity of other innovation gets faster and faster. And that's what we're focused on.
Peter Kern: Yes, I think that was the final question. So thank you all. Have a good Thursday. Appreciate your time. Take care.
Julie Whalen: Hi, it's Julie. I'll take the first one. Yes, I mean, obviously, I'm sure there was some impact to the second quarter as a result of our decision to shift the marketing. At the end of the day, our top line was hitting our expectations and obviously what we had told the street about mid-single digits, and so we thought the right choice of action was to take that spend and to get the best return to tie it nicely with our One Key launch and also to set us up for the back cap. So we made the decision to take that money and push it into the third quarter. But sure, could we have spent more and maybe gotten some incremental nights and bookings in the second quarter? Sure, but we thought this was a better path to take. 
Julie Whalen: Yes, I mean, we've seen CapEx come up even in the last quarter, and we had expected this. We are putting more into capitalized labor in order to hit our strategic initiatives this year. Obviously, there's a lot of transformation that we have still been pushing through this year, i.e., One Key launch and the verbal migration and things like that, and so literally this is just a function of higher capitalized labor to complete out these projects, and as we go forward, we don't expect it to be as much in these elevated levels as we will, and we'll start to get the return from these projects that we're putting in place.
Julie Whalen: Sure. On the margin side, the EBITDA side, obviously this quarter's leverage certainly helps on the full year. We did guide to next quarter being more in line with last year. And that is, as you mentioned, the shift from the marketing spend that we have. But for all the things that Peter just alluded to, the strength of the business in the back half, particularly in the fourth quarter, we expect to see strong margin expansion in the fourth quarter that will help us on the year. So we're going to be operating top line, which will leverage the entire P&L, including marketing leverage in the fourth quarter that we think will drive that expansion. From a headwind from a fixed cost perspective, certainly we are going to be aggressive as we move out of this year and come out of the transformation phase to finding efficiencies across the P&L. As we've said, we have got redundant systems for very good reasons and migration, but it's time that we'll be starting to deprecate those systems and pulling costs out of the P&L, and whether that's cloud costs, licensing and maintenance, repurposing some of the product and tech staff to now go on the offense and go after optimization and innovation instead of migration. There's a lot of opportunity to really dig through the cost and pull that out as we move forward, but that's probably more of a 2024 going forward focus. But certainly with all that optimization as well, we should be able to leverage the P&L next year. So super excited about that.
