Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Ross. As far as the marketing spend and deleverage and efficiency there, I'd say it's a combination of factors: One is that we are, in general, seeing higher conversion in some of our brands. Hotels.com continues to do really, really good work on the products side and the technology side to drive conversion, Brand Expedia as well, with newer technology platform, has significantly more capability on that side and as a result, has been seeing conversion tailwinds as well. So the higher conversion allows us to spend up and spend up especially in variable marketing channels. But because we're spending up with higher conversion, we're able to off spend some of that higher spend with higher revenue. So you don't quite see the marketing deleverage that you would expect. Another factor behind our marketing mix is that we are looking more carefully at certain placements, certain marketing placements that are, call it, lower quality. The capabilities of our marketing teams or analytics in general are better, and we're kind of taking a harder look at our different marketing channels, different placements and trying to find the placements that aren't efficient and then get rid of those placements and reallocate the capital to placements that do tend to be more efficient. So those are the 2 positives. The negatives that we have talked about are that we are seeing faster growth on variable channels and variable channels tend to be less efficient for us, and we are investing aggressively in foreign markets, especially in emerging markets and those emerging markets are certainly less efficient for us as well. As far as the room night growth, internationally, all of the regions are doing better. So I think if you line up our regions, obviously, in the U.S., we've had very healthy growth. The next largest region for us is EMEA, and EMEA room night growth accelerated from Q4 compared to Q3. And then of course, Asia Pacific with eLong, with Hotels.com performing really well. EAN is getting some leverage there with our area joint venture, the Asia Pacific numbers are accelerating and getting larger as a percentage of a whole. And then of course, Latin America is a really promising market. So the growth rates have been improving broadly and I think that, that's due to better process and better conversion and just better execution from the teams.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Mobile continues to be a nice tailwind for us. We have, on an Expedia, Inc. level now, over 20 million downloads of our mobile apps across the various brands. Hotels.com, Expedia, Hotwire are all being aggressive on the mobile front. eLong is being aggressive on the mobile front as well. In general, mobile accounts for about 20% of our transactions. I'd say that's a broad number, higher in the U.S., lower outside of the U.S. And the behavior, the mobile behavior, really hasn't changed much in that most of the mobile bookings, especially on handsets, do tend to be last minute. I think the big difference that we see going into 2013 for mobile is really incorporating more responsive design into our various websites as it relates for tablet web. We're seeing a real proliferation of different shapes and sizes of tablets, and as opposed to designing different sites for the different tablets, our approach is going to be to come up with designs that can respond to the various tablet sizes. We think it's a nice opportunity and we're really just getting started there. So we're optimistic on mobile. We think it's a nice opportunity and should be a nice growth area for us.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think Stephen, you're exactly right. The outbound volumes from eLong are growing very, very quickly but they're growing off of a small base right now. If you compare eLong, for example, with Ctrip, I think Ctrip had an earlier focus on the outbound volume. eLong has been very much focused on the local Chinese consumer and we thought that, that's the consumer that you hit first. eLong now is working more closely with our other brands and working quite closely with our private label business, with the EAN team. And the outbound business out of China is now starting to grow very quickly. We think it's a large long-term opportunity but we don't think it's going to be a significant percentage of our overall business in the next 2 to 3 years.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Tom, I think it's too soon to tell and honestly, we're not that particular on our mobile investments to think about the differing results between the U.S. and Europe. We think mobile tends to be a natural opportunity for online travel agencies. We -- because technology is our -- is core to what we do, I think you'll notice that in mobile, the product coming out of OTAs in general has been very good. We've seen some interesting players in there like Hotel Tonight, but we haven't seen that many kind of disruptive technologies out yet on mobile. Although I think it's still early so it could -- while it's a near-term opportunity, it could be a threat. But I think just as you saw with broadband Internet, OTAs gather the early share. I think mobile has been an opportunity for ourselves and our competitors to gain share early. I think it's way too soon to say which OTA is doing better than the other players. I think all of us in general are doing pretty well, and I think if you talk to any of the OTA players, they would all name mobile as one of their fast-growing channels. As far as the payback period on the download investments, again, I'd say too soon to tell. We take kind of a 1-year view of things but we don't have enough history as far as looking at how a user who downloads an app, what their lifetime value is and we're pretty early in having those kinds of measurements. So we really haven't developed what I'll call a mature framework at this point.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Thanks, Naved. One of the big reasons for the jump was the inclusion of eLong inventory for the first time. I think as we mentioned a quarter or so ago, we did enter into a new arrangement with eLong where we're working much more closely with them. We now have eLong inventory much more readily available on our Hotels.com site globally, and we're working on it for Expedia. And then we just had some organic acquisition around the world as well. With respect to ETP, I think it's too early to tell how quickly we'll rollout. I think as we said early on, we would be rolling out, really gated by a couple of things: one was the results we were seeing as we rolled it out; and two was really just the operational complexity of making sure that you got all the hotels trained up and transfer of the new platform and that your new -- your internal processes around collections, et cetera, were up to snuff. So far, we like what we see. As you can see versus last quarter, we have made some good progress on adding incremental hotels and we're going to continue to work throughout 2013. But so far, we're happy with it and would expect to see a similar, if not, faster pace of rollout throughout 2013.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I think I'd add that there's no intention of any kind of trivago integration. So the business is going to be run separately if we're lucky enough to have it as part of the family. So I don't anticipate any kind of integration cost anyway.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Brian. As far as the U.S. goes, I think it's reflective of what we see in the marketplace. We've got the biggest worldwide player in lodging, Booking.com, now with a pretty aggressive advertising campaign in the U.S. They've been successful on a worldwide basis, and they certainly seem to be quite committed to the U.S. market, and I think we have to take that very seriously. So that's really the only thing that it reflects and we'll see what happens. The good news is for us, our U.S. volumes continue to move forward at very, very healthy levels, and we're hopeful that it continues. On mobile, as far as apps versus browser, what we are seeing is that on smartphones, the split between apps and browser transactions tends to be around 50-50. So we see kind of a balanced mix between the smartphone app and the browser and obviously, we're optimizing for both. Tablet transactions tend to have a higher mix on tablet web and that's why what you'll see is more of a focus for us on kind of responsive web design because that captures not only the PC customer but it can capture most tablet players out there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: On packages, we are seeing some early promising signs and on the Expedia side, we've moved over essentially 100% of our package shopping over to the new platform. And that has had some benefits as far as our ability to test and learn just like we did on the hotel side and removing errors, et cetera. It just -- the new platform allows us to be much more effective as far as the product that we present to the consumer. We are hoping to move the entire package platform over on an end-to-end basis, but that's hard work and we hope to get it done sooner rather than later. But that is very heavy lifting from a technology basis. I'd say package has some headwinds against it in that in general, in better times, suppliers are -- have less of an inclination to give deeply discounted inventory to players like us. So there's a headwind on the package side. There is a tailwind, though, in that package bookings tend to be longer dated. They tend to have higher ADRs and lower cancellation rates. So with some of our suppliers, they're seeing more and more last-minute business. And so that they put a very significant amount of value to the package booking because it helps them kind of get some early fill up of their hotels and then yield up as you get closer to the stay dates. I think that our most significant opportunity on the package side is going to be in Europe, the European summer sun and beach destinations are destinations that we haven't really, I think, got our fair share of and we're pretty focused in, in improving our inventory there, improving our lift into those beach destinations and we think that can be a pretty significant potential, although it's very, very early at this point. So we're optimistic, but we also realize that we're just -- we're sailing into the wind to some extent. And then on market demand in Europe in general, I'd say that's -- Europe remains largely the same. We saw a stable Europe last year. We saw more weakness in Southern Europe than call it, Northern Europe and we haven't seen much change. That said, I think a lot of the operational improvements that we put in place have allowed us to grow faster in Europe in Q4. So we're cautiously optimistic there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And then on ETP in general, the theory for us on ETP was -- and we've seen it in testing, that consumers prefer choice to either merchant or either agency and so far, that hasn't changed. Obviously, we're not at the point now where we have a significant amount of our traffic on ETP so I think it's too soon to either call it a success or not. But the patterns that we saw, which are hotels that are on ETP tend to produce better than hotels that are not, that remains true. And we are seeing an increase in average booking value for hotels that move on to ETP as well and obviously, that makes our ETP partners quite happy. So I'd say momentum is good but we're very, very early in the process right now.
Dara Khosrowshahi: So as far as conversion rates go, Justin, it's tough to tell. The Hotels.com team has been executing on their product and driving conversion for a good 2 to 3 years. Expedia, I'd say is in year 1 and we're hoping that it's a multiyear journey. I do think that it gets harder as the site gets better. One factor for us in conversion in 2013 is really going to be, how does ETP affect conversion and how do we look at the quality of our inventory, the description of our hotels, pictures, et cetera. How can the quality of our supply help our conversion in addition to kind of the technology work that we're doing on the front end. So we're hoping that it will continue to be a positive driver but it really is impossible to know when the music stops, so to speak.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think on trivago, the reason why we bought it was because we thought it was a great product and they've got a great team. It's as simple as that. It's a very simple hotel product. The inventory is quite broad because of the breadth of suppliers that are in the trivago marketplace. And that team has built a very good product and a terrific brand. It so happens that it's -- trivago's quite strong in the European markets that are strategic to us. But the first reason why we bought trivago was because of the product and because of the team there. As far as the competitive environment in China, the China market is -- it's an enormous market, it's an enormous long-term opportunity for us. We have been gaining share in that marketplace against our largest competitor and in general, in the marketplace for some period of time. And we view the investments that we're making in China as certainly worthwhile, and we think that those investments are going to really set us apart from other global Internet players who really haven't had much success in China. I think we're quite lucky to have a team in place in eLong, a team that's highly effective and executing quite well, and we're 100% behind them.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think the top factor is probably product and technology. So I think that's a pretty significant factor behind our growth. I think next is probably the, I guess, you can call it the allocation of marketing spend. It's allowed us to spend increasing marketing moneys in new channels out there. Obviously, the macro environment is a decent macro environment for us and the other competitors out there. ETP, at this point, is not a material factor in our results. I think it will start to be material in the second half of next year. But at this point, it's really not material.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think the other factor is that the comps for Q4 -- in Q4 of last year, we started spending down on Trip a bit. So the spend comps on Trip start easing up and I think on a go-forward basis, you're going to see more typical spend patterns on Trip.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I don't think -- if you take out VIA, I don't think our international room night growth slowed. When we look at a brand by brand basis in general, most of our brands did better internationally in Q4 than Q3.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. I think that the OTA space in general, what we observed is in the early days, OTAs gained a fair amount of share. I'd say probably starting 6 years ago or so, supplier direct started gaining more share from the OTA players and in the past couple of years at least, we've seen OTA grow fairly broadly to be pretty healthy. So I think that right now, OTA -- my guess is that OTA and supplier direct share growth are pretty consistent and I think it's the general kind of worldwide growth driver of higher Internet penetration and I think mobile penetration is probably a bit of juice behind it. From a competitive standpoint, I think it's pretty tough to tell. In the past couple of quarters, we've been doing well against some of the smaller competitors but our largest competitor obviously, has been growing room nights faster than we have historically. We'll see what that looks like. In this quarter, it's just impossible to tell. From the standpoint of the Google metasearch product, not much of a material impact. Google meta continues to grow. It's a fairly fast-growing channel for us. But right now, the amount of traffic coming from that channel is still pretty small compared to the classic kind of paper click model that Google has in place. So it's a fast-growing channel. We're working with Google on it and we'll see how it develops on a go-forward basis.
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just thanks to the Expedia Worldwide employees to a strong year and hopefully, we'll be able to keep it up for our shareholders in 2013.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So I think in terms of thinking through how 2013 will unfold, I think it's important to just take a look at how 2012 unfolded, which if you recall, the first couple of quarters, they came in a bit ahead of our expectations, largely as a result of us pulling back a bit on sales and marketing. As we were turning around Brand Expedia, we were a little bit more cautious. That creates some pretty hard comps for us as we go into 2013. The other factor that you mentioned was the addition of VIA Travel, and VIA Travel closed at the beginning of Q2. Q2, in terms of revenue growth, is about 200 bps; Q3, 300 bps; Q4, 400 bps. So you saw this sort of acceleration assistance, if you will, by VIA, which will get sort of one quarter in, in Q1 but then it will dissipate. And then I think the last big factor for 2012 was the fact that you saw Brand Expedia really turn around. And it started to accelerate through 2012. And that will create harder comps for us as we move through 2013. So if you roll that forward then to Q1, what you might expect to see is -- and really rolling through 2013, is increasingly hard comps rolling through the year on revenue and increasingly, call it easier comps on expenses, which results in a bit of a back end weighted plan, and that's certainly what we are -- what we're expecting. I would add though, that the one thing that you saw in 2012, which I would just caution you all about, that you may expect to see in 2013, is that the shape of 2012 did change as we moved through the year. And that's because we have really shortened the cycle times around how quickly we make capital allocation and planning decisions and how quickly we're able to execute things. This has been enabled [ph] by new business processes and really, a large part by the technology platforms that we've got in place now that allow us to iterate, test and learn much more quickly. So as we move through 2012, we were able to, as we saw strong performance on the top line, take that money, reinvest it in things. As we did to VIA Travel acquisition, we're able to make incremental decisions around technology integration and we're going to continue to do that in 2013. So the guidance we're giving you today is really a reasonable view based on what we can see right now but we will be making decisions through the year and we'll update you as we do so on the quarterly calls.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And then, Justin, on ADRs, it continues to be similar trends to what we saw last quarter, predominantly geo mix with a really like-for-like ADRs staying pretty much where they had been on prior quarters.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So let me start with free cash flow. I think if you look at our year this year, you can see about $1 billion of free cash flow, of which a pretty significant chunk of the growth was driven by really working capital benefit. Depending on how much we mix to agency and I think as Dara said, right now, if you exclude eLong, this quarter, we're about 10% agency. Depending on how much we mixed agency, obviously, there would be an impact to working capital. But I think if you look at our balance sheet, you'll see we're well capitalized to handle that. With respect to the P&L, there are a couple of things I would call out just to be aware of. The most significant possibility of which is something we highlighted on the last call, which is that so far with Expedia Traveler Preference, what we've seen is it's been very popular with our chain partners. They've been great partners, signing up on the program. And we also, in our testing and what we've seen so far, have seen the most positive, call it, volume response from consumers outside of the U.S. And when you take those 2 factors and if you assume that there was a mix shift in our hotel business, more to chains, more in regions outside of the U.S., that could put pressure on our unit economics. So that's something I would just keep an eye on. I think you saw this quarter, we had revenue per room night down about 6%, consistent with what we've seen in the past. If ETP were to drive those mix shifts, you could see something in excess of that as we roll through 2013. The other sides of that, of course, which are too early to tell the impact, is you've got collection rates that impact it. It can show up in various spots. You've got credit card fees and you've got customer operations costs and more or less those things can generally end up being a wash on the P&L as we move things around in terms of geography. So it's too early to give you strict guidance on what will happen, but those are some of the things you might expect if we were to shift more so to agency.
Mark D. Okerstrom: We're very happy with it. I think we're doing this because we had a very positive consumer response in our tests. Our suppliers like it. We're removing friction from the marketplace. We think it's going to be great for the long-term prospects of Expedia.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. Well maybe I can help you with that. The largest portion of our CapEx and the largest portion of our depreciation really is capitalized software development and other technology cost. To help kind of guide you with what to expect there, we are expecting cash technology and content expense to actually begin to leverage in the back half of 2013. So hopefully, that will give you some guidance. I think the overall CapEx spend growth rates that you've seen over the last few years should start to moderate in 2013 as a leading indicator.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So with respect to your first question, the driver of the revenue margin expansion was simply product mix. Just a strong hotel business with a less strong Air business, essentially. And hotel is obviously at higher margin than Air. So that was a quick answer to number one. On number two, yes, Trip spend was up in Q4. TripAdvisor continues to be a great partner of ours, and I think that the up spend you see is a combination of a couple of things: One, I think we, as a company across the breadth of our brands, are getting better at being an independent third-party in the TripAdvisor channel. And generally, what we find is the better we get in the channel, the more we spend because we can drive more volume that delivers bottom line profit for us. So that's factor number 1. Factor number 2, which is a bit more isolated, is that Brand Expedia has been accelerating. And when they're growing and they see good returns, they generally see good returns across all channels and that causes them to up spend.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So it's really difficult to actually look at our revenue margins sequentially, and that's because the gross bookings was on a booked basis and revenue is on a stay basis. So that's why you see swings on a sequential basis. The year-on-year fluctuations were much less than that, I think, much more consistent in the direction you saw in Q4.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Okay. So yes, if you back out VIA out of international, it is a bit slower. The biggest driver though, between the difference between room nights and gross bookings, is that gross bookings is overly offset or overly represented by Air. Our air business internationally is generally not as strong as our hotel business and so that's really the driver behind that.
