Lee Horowitz: I think that's our queue. So thanks so much for joining us. We're delighted to be closing out our 2024 Deutsche Bank Technology Conference today with Ariane Gorin, the new CEO of Expedia Group. Prior to her role as CEO, Ariane has held multiple executive leadership roles at Expedia over 11 years, most recently serving as the President of the highly successful Expedia for Business Unit, which we will learn more about today. Prior to '21, Ms. Gorin served a number of senior positions, including President of Expedia Business Services, Expedia Partner Solutions, amongst others. Ariane will do a brief presentation and then we'll open it up for Q&A. So Ariane, the floor is yours. Thank you so much.
Lee Horowitz: Understood. And then maybe shifting to Vrbo. I guess what have you learned at Brand Expedia over the last 12 months that you believe is leverageable at Vrbo? How do you go about replicating the success you've had at Brand Expedia to drive Vrbo back to a point where it's a share winner within the broader alternative accommodations industry.
Lee Horowitz: You highlighted some, I guess, large market opportunities. Maybe just talk perhaps a bit more specifically how the B2B and B2C businesses complement each other. There's obviously a big pie for you guys to go after. Do you think about them strategically separately? Or is it when you go after the overall market, these are our 2 big horses and we're going to go take share that way.
Lee Horowitz: Understood. You've obviously done an incredible job shepherding that B2B business. The dynamics in B2B versus B2C are a bit different. What do you think is unique about your perspective of seeing all the success at B2B that you can bring to the sort of the B2C side of the house in order to continue the success in Expedia, reinvigorate growth at Hotels.com and Vrbo. How does your perspective of...
Lee Horowitz: Fair enough. Well, Ariane, thank you so much for your time. Thanks so much for joining us. Thank you, everyone, for coming to the conference.
Ariane Gorin: So let me start with new business. So every year, we have a target for how much new business we're going to find. But the reality is that's a small portion of the overall number. But we keep a close eye on it because what is small this year, is going to be more important next year and the year after. So when we sign a deal, typically, by the second year, it produces 2 to 3x more than it did in the first year and then it just grows from there. So it's a -- most of our growth in year will come from the existing partner base growing within the existing partners or, for example, what we call the sophomores, so the second year of the things we signed in the previous year. And new business this year will have less impact on the in-year numbers. We have to keep an eye on it for the future.
Ariane Gorin: So first of all, I will say when we started to report B2B as a separate segment, it becomes obvious to people how that business is performing. And so if I were a competitor in the space and saw how Expedia is doing here, I would want to move into it as well. And so the sort of the competitive landscape. On your question of what's defensible. I sort of think of it as it's a combination of a lot of things, right? It's not just we have good supply or we have great technology with great uptime. It's also what are the tools that we give our partners for servicing, right? If a partner is using our API, they want to be able to build self-service into their front end and how good is our technology and allowing them to build that out. What are we doing on our commercials, how is our account manager interacting with them. So I would say it's sort of -- it's not just one thing. I always talk to the team that it's the wrapper of things that bring the value to our partners.
Ariane Gorin: Yes. So the first thing is they want a reliable partner who's going to continue to invest in the B2B business. Years ago, as we were starting to grow this business, a question I kept on getting was how serious are you about this? Like B2B isn't that big in the overall Expedia Group ecosystem. So at some point, are you going to not invest. I think we're beyond that now. They know we're a trusted and reliable partner. It really depends on the partner and what they're looking for. Corporate partners will say, "Hey, we want more supply that has late checkout or we want more supply that fits our segment." Some partners might say, "Actually, we want you to build out some technology that allows us to have better servicing." I would say it's really partner segment dependent. And our team does a nice job of listening to partners hearing what it is that they want and then evolving our offer. Of course, as in any business, every partner always wants better economics.
Ariane Gorin: Yes. Well, first, I would just say that we want both of our businesses, our consumer business and our B2B business to be growing well, and they should be -- and they can be in the same geographies or they can be in different geographies, but they both need to grow. The stories I love the most about B2B is a partner like Traveloka, who is an online travel agency in Indonesia, and when we started working with them years ago, we didn't have points of sale than Indonesia. This was a partner who -- they knew the local market. They had all the payment types. They knew the customer, and when they started looking at, okay, we have our local hotel supply for our local market, but people who are coming to Traveloka want to be able to travel to the U.S. We need a partner to provide that supply. And so that's where we come in. And I think for a lot of these, especially OTAs in some of the emerging markets, we're a great fit for them because we allow them to have a more full store without having to invest there. And then for our consumer brands, I believe there's a big opportunity for us to grow internationally. During COVID and the years after that as we were going through our replatforming, we focused much more in North America. And we now have brands that still have strong brand awareness in certain countries outside of North America, whereas we start to reinvest marketing, we're seeing good results.
Ariane Gorin: So as you said, first of all, we have, over the last few years, been going through a lot of replatforming activities. And during that time, we've been okay giving up some room nights as we were doing that. In addition, coming out of COVID, we invested less internationally. We migrated the hotel -- and I've talked about this before, we migrated the Hotels.com brand to the new platform. We changed the loyalty program. And so we gave up some room nights there. The good news is if you look at Brand Expedia and Vrbo between 2018 and 2023, bookings were growing. And then I would just say, finally, as you cited, we've got some smaller brands, Orbitz, Travelocity and the like that we've invested less in as we focused on our big 3 brands of Expedia, Vrbo and Hotels.com.
Ariane Gorin: So of all the tech migrations we were going through the last few years, Expedia was the least disrupted brand. And in fact, it benefited from so much of our innovation. So it benefited from the new testing platform we put in place. We can test so much faster and therefore, innovate faster. It benefited from the work we did on one identity and having a loyalty program across all of our brands. It benefited from a lot of work we were doing to drive more direct traffic to get more in app. And finally, I would say, Expedia as a brand has an incredible value proposition. The fact that you can buy dynamic packages and you get better rates when you do that, that you can cross-sell with attach. With our new loyalty program, if you're a silver or gold member, you're getting better discounts. So I just think Expedia as a brand, it's a fantastic product. We -- as i said, we continue to work on attach, on planning capabilities. We've got this trip board that as part of our replatforming, which capability that was on Vrbo, and we rebuilt it in a way that it could be used on Expedia. And we know that when people use trip board for planning, they're more likely to repeat. So it's just -- it's a wonderful example of the benefits of the innovation we've been doing and also the brand building.
Ariane Gorin: So I've distinguished between markets in which we've got all of our brands and markets in which maybe we don't. In a country like the U.S., where we've got Expedia, Hotels.com and Vrbo, part of the thinking behind launching One Key was that you would have a common currency across all of them. So if you have someone who is a loyal Hotels.com user, they would benefit from getting One Key cash. But then if they wanted to book a flight or a car, they could actually go and use that on Expedia, and you could drive that kind of cross-sell. There are other countries in which maybe the Hotels.com brand is stronger than Expedia, and we may lean into it. I would just say that as much as we would all love everyone to come to only one of our brands or -- people shop around. And by the way, the B2B business proves this because sometimes people look for corporate travel, sometimes people book with one loyalty currency. And if you look at the stats in the U.S., people who are booking multiple trips a year often book in multiple places. So what I'm focused with the team on is how do you have a great value proposition for people who want to come to Hotels.com, how do you have a great value proposition for people who want to come to Expedia and to Vrbo and you can tie them all together with One Key in the U.S.
Ariane Gorin: As I sort of talked about, I think the Expedia success has come from a lot of the innovation we've done, a lot of the testing and optimizing. We're really pleased with where we are on our hotel path and the conversion there. And we're doing the same thing on Vrbo. We've run more tests on Vrbo and on the Vrbo app this year already than we did all of last year. The teams are constantly looking at what more can we bring to our travelers. The other thing that's been great on Brand Expedia is the strength of our supply. And Vrbo historically has had strong supply. We've continued to grow at double digits. But more recently, we've done work on getting rid of hosts that weren't providing the level of experience that we wanted for our travelers, raising the bar in our sort of host programs. But I think truly, it's being clear on what are we bringing to people with Vrbo, whole homes, no host, a loyalty program, being very clear on those things, communicating them well, having a great app experience, driving more direct and driving repeat. And I think the loyalty program will also help us with that.
Ariane Gorin: Like everything, it's focused, Lee. If you have a focused team something -- and we were very focused on improving our hotel path and driving value there. It is the same thing internationally. You start by saying, okay, what are the assets I have? In some of the countries, we have a really good brand awareness. We have great supply in part because of our B2B business. And so go back in with the marketing teams in a surgical way and test things, see where we're getting traction and then go from there. And we're pretty pleased with the results we're already seeing.
Ariane Gorin: So at a company level, obviously, we look at how are we growing across the board. But then my expectations as the leaders of B2C and B2B are they're each trying to grow their businesses, and they have to have their strategies for growing their business. As I said before, I believe that they are complementary. They're not only complementary because when you go talk to a supply partner, now we're saying to them, look, by working with us, you're going to be able to tap into our loyalty members. Our silver and gold members who spend more, who stay on property longer, you're going to be able to -- if you want to participate in the package path, get these incremental travelers you couldn't get yourself. And with that same technology connection, we can help you go get the corporate travel business you want. We can help you tap into the demand from credit cards loyalty program. So it not only for us, strengthens our business to have both of them, but for our relationships with our supply partners and strengthening. And sorry, I would just add. For our B2B partners, the fact that we have a B2C business means that our technology is better, our content is better because it's constantly optimized for a consumer business. And so that's incredibly important to our B2B partners.
Ariane Gorin: Well, I will start by saying I've maybe been a good shepherd, but I had a great team. The B2B team is a super team. In terms of what learnings that I take away from that for B2C, I think it's like any business. You have to look at the market and figure out where is the opportunity in the market? How do the assets that we have fit with customers out there want and then be clear on it, make bets, be great in marketing the messages, build great technology and then continue to iterate. And that's why I keep on going back to what is the brand value proposition for our 3 brands, right? Expedia is a brand that is a one-stop shop with flights, cars, hotels, activities, and you can book this multi-item trip and package in a really dynamic way and save. Hotels.com is a hotel pure player, it's very fast. You can book quickly. It may end up being a different use case than Expedia. And then Vrbo is whole homes, families, groups. So I think working with the teams to be really clear on those, and then to leverage all of the technology investments we've made the last couple of years and configure it in a way that makes sense for the brand and communicate it well through marketing.
Ariane Gorin: So I'd start by saying Q2 was healthy travel demand. And we were pleased we grew our bookings by 6%. It's true that July, and we had peers in the industry who are reporting the same thing, was a slowdown. Even in Q2, we've already seen declining air ticket prices and car rental price stays. In July, we started to see pressure on ADRs for hotels and some early signs of trade downs. I focus less on like what are the short-term trends and more on, one, the fact that the travel industry is huge. What we learned coming out of COVID is people really want to travel no matter what. And then two, just focusing our teams on the things that are within our control. We have a lot of execution opportunities ahead of us. And so I really talked to the team about let's on our own destiny and focus on executing what we know can work.
Ariane Gorin: Well, one thing is I don't -- I had appreciated how little some of our investors understood the B2B business. And so that's why I was very happy to -- thank you for the invitation, to come here today. What I -- what's been great to see is just how powerful the technology investments we've made over the last few years have been to allow us to move faster. So last quarter, we launched flexible deep search across all 3 of our big brands at the same time. So this is just the ability to search for, for example, a hotel with plus/minus 1, 2, 3 multiple days. It may sound sort of relatively simple. But in the past, we would have had to rebuild that 3x over. Same thing, the testing platform now that we've got it across all of our brands, we can get results of tests much faster. So I think it was one thing to be part of the management team and to hear about it, and it's another thing to really see the way it's helping us move faster.
Ariane Gorin: So One Key we launched last summer in the U.S. And the idea is we've got 3 big brands, Expedia, Hotels.com and Vrbo in the U.S. And as I said, we know as much as we'd like people to be loyal to just one brand, they shop across multiple brands. And by creating a common currency across all of them, where you had a simple program where you could earn and redeem One Key cash across all of the brands where we had what we call tiered member deals, which were supplier-funded. So if you were a blue, silver or gold member, you get access to depot discounts, and that's rewarding you for your loyalty. Having those value propositions and then also encouraging cross-shopping across the brands, was really the thought around one key, and that's worked well in the U.S., and we've been pleased in that. We also just launched it in the U.K., which is another country where we have all 3 big brands operating. But when we look at it, we realized it hurt them to a certain extent, the Hotels.com brand because Hotels.com had a 10-for-1 value position. And I step back with the team and said, okay, we've rolled it out now in 2 countries look at the rest of the world. And I believe everything is local. And so you need to think what is going to work for that country. You want a tech platform that works globally, but then what's the value proposition that's going to work locally. And in a number of countries around the world, we don't have all 3 big brands. So what the team is now looking at is what is the value proposition that makes sense around loyalty in those other countries. And it's one of the tasks I've just been pushing the team on is what is going to drive growth for us in the few months to come. And just because we were on a path, it's okay to revisit things.
Ariane Gorin: I think we've probably covered it. What I would also say is we're -- we've disclosed a little bit more. I mean obviously, we shared the B2B numbers here. Last quarter, we shared gross bookings for B2C and B2B. So hopefully, there are fewer things that are misunderstood. And maybe I would do the last, but I sort of have the -- for the past [indiscernible] our brands are really loved by travelers. Like I have been -- obviously, I grew up in the B2B side of the business. But see the passion people have for our brands is really overwhelming. And it gives you a great sense of responsibility to make sure that we're being good stewards of them.
