Mark Okerstrom: Sure. Thanks Justin. As far the macro environment goes we listen to the same news that you do and certainly the new suggest that the macro environment is pretty uncertain and the stock market downright scary. That said, when we look at the macro environment and how it effects our business one important factor and our business is the air business. And air ticker prices are down pretty significantly year-on-year, it’s obviously some of the savings of oil prices that are being passed on by the airlines to consumers. And that’s an unambiguous positive for us, the more lower air ticket price is go, the more, the leaser traveler tends to fly and more the leaser traveler test to fly, we have a bit of what we think is a strategic investment, strategic advantage on air side. And the more leaser travelers we have flying for more opportunity we have to sell hotels and insurance and cars and everything else to them. So to some extent weakness in oil and air side is a pretty big positive for us. On the hotel side, while we have seen ADRs weaken a bit between call the beginning of the year and Q4. When we look at Q4 trends into January, we don’t see anything of note one way or the other. There are some spot issues obviously Paris is weak, which is perfectly explainable. New York ADRs continue to be down year-on-year, although they improved over Q4 and that’s European travelers really traveling into the U.S. and affected foreign exchange. In Asia, we see certain markets like Hong Kong and Macau down as far as ADRs ago. But again no significant shifts when we look at Q4 trends into January that are of note. So it’s something that we’ll watch and to the extent that we see anything, we’ll certainly share it with our investors. But we’re not seeing any material moment one way or the other right now.
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah. I’ll just say, just again to clarify on the guidance. I would take that as core implied guidance so of course to 8% to13%, I would take the high on the Orbitz-HomeAway impact and subtract it from the high on the total and the low from lower side. I wouldn’t take our guidance as being up to 19%. And then also our revenue per room night, we've been saying for a while that the gap between revenue per room night, you can think about that as call it the 300 to 800 basis points range and it moves around. I think what you will see in 2016 is you are going continue to see that range of movements towards the back half, I think there is possibility as we start the comp over some of the margin reductions we did this year, that start to ease and then I think you'll start to see I would expect some more easing in that as we move through 2017. And again this is with regards to the gap between revenue per room night and ADRs. Of course ADRs are one of the biggest drivers of overall revenue per room night movements.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure, why don’t I take the last question first and then Dara can chime in on HomeAway. So just again on $275 to $325 of adjusted EBITDA contribution for the two acquisitions combined. First of all I'll just remind people that are on standalone basis we had said Orbitz was on track to do around a $135 million of adjusted EBITDA in 2015, it came in a little bit ahead of that, but I think that as a decent base in HomeAway, little bit better than $120 million and adjusted EBITDA from 2015. They will both have purchase accounting headwinds in 2016 both around $10 million each. So, you can think about that it’s about $20 million combined. So take that as your base and then the way that we get to obviously the higher number is synergies, and a lot of that is going to come from Orbitz and it's going to come in the back half of the year. In fact in the first part of the year we are going to be in a position not unlike where we were with Wotif where were essentially carrying almost double cost, we've built up teams to support the integration of the Orbitz businesses on to the brand Expedia platform for example, at the same time is maintaining the Orbitz existing platform and that is really once we get the platform transition done which is really happening in the first half of the year for the big consumer businesses that’s when you start to see synergy realization come in and that’s really starting again in the back half of the year and we're hopeful that by the end of the year we should be pretty close to a run rate number, but we are not going to be even close to that in the middle of the year and we'll probably be sub that, there will be a detriment in the first part of the year. 
Mark Okerstrom: Thanks Tom. So I’ll start with the room night growth and then turn it over to Dara on HomeAway. So there were a few headwinds for us on room night growth in the quarter. We had about a 400 basis points harder comp partially on the back of lapping over some pretty strong growth in Travelocity with the commercial agreement implementation. And then also Wotif which we were lapping over in the quarter. We also had about 300 basis points of room night growth impact from the terrorist attacks, we estimates -- so both of those were pretty significant headwinds for us. In terms of the instant book impact. I think, if you talk about that in the 100 to 200 basis points range that would be a good barometer. And then just in terms of expectations for 2016. We are expecting to see some deceleration in room night growth as we move through the year. We’re also copying over acquisitions and consolidations again in 2016 Travelocity for example ramping up Wotif on variable marketing channels, the integration of Brand Expedia Asia. So just keep those in mind and then to the extent that TripAdvisor roles out instant booking more broadly which we currently do expect them to do. And we continue to not participate in that that could be an incremental headwind and think about that as larger than 100 to 200 basis points, it could be 200 to 300 basis points. But again insignificant from the perspective or profitability.
Mark Okerstrom: Well I'll just say one thing on Orbitz, since that we do have in addition of the Orbitz, to CheapTickets business which is the big consumer business. We also have a numbers of other businesses that are going to take a little bit longer to integrate Orbitz’s partner network for example. We’re super excited about that business and we’re taking the steps necessary to do that right making sure we work with partners and come to the right outcome for example, Orbitz for business is another one we’re pretty excited about the speed at which we are going able move that those clients over to the Egencia platform, but again it is going to take a little bit longer and both of these transitions are new and that we haven't done a lot of these before unlike the core consumer business. So, in terms of synergy realization I would just keep in mind that until those businesses are migrated you don’t get to see the full platform of retirement benefits that you would if it was only Orbitz, CheapTickets and eBookers that were transitioning over.
Mark Okerstrom: Hi Mike I'll answer the second one first which is you never know, historically these kinds of attacks have resolved fairly quickly. I’d say Paris in general, we saw immediately kind of an effect on broader European destinations. That effect looks like it disappeared, but there is certainly is, continues to be an effect in on Paris t’s getting better, but trends in Paris are certainly poor compared to the trends that we had seen before Q4 of last year. I think that Paris is going to continue through the year, it was horrific event and I think it was the kind of event that stays in people's memories. So, I think that there will be some effect going into the balance for the year and we’re going do our best to make up for, we’re going to do our best to work with our partners over there and really continue to promote Paris as a wonderful destination that it is. So, hopefully it won't last long, but my personal feeling is that there will be some effect going into the balance of the year. As far as the trip and instant book and how we view that channel. We've been very consistent about how we view any variable channel including in some book in that we look at the economics of a channel based on called the immediate transaction and then we look at the economics of the transaction based on the right sum of value of the customer both in terms of customer repeat rate and the percentage of the time in which those customers repeat directly with us second third time around. Obviously the latter is much, much more valuable. The initial let's say version of instant book was I think quite unsatisfactory as far as branding, et cetera, and representation of where the customer was really transacting with, and the latest iterations that we've seen with booking.com and with some of the supply direct partners, for example Marriot look a lot better they looked much more clear. So, I would say at this point instant book looks better to us than it did when instant book was initially launched. But we don’t have any comments as to what the ultimate decision is going to be down the road.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure Lloyd, I’ll take the first one and then turn it over to Dara. On the 275 to 325 there is about $20 million of purchase accounting impact embedded in that. About half of its Orbitz, half of its HomeAway. The bulk of it will unfold in the first quarter with some of the HomeAway stuff taking a little bit longer to bleed off. It is -- the HomeAway impact is a fair bit lower than we had anticipated/feared at the time of the acquisition. We dough in very deep with our auditors and advisors and came to the conclusion that there was a significantly larger portion of it that we can recognize than we had anticipated, so good news on that front.
Mark Okerstrom: And then Ron just on the restructuring charges and how that flows through to EBITDA contribution. I would just say that in the $75 million run rate synergy estimate that we initially put out. A big chunk of that was headcount related cost reductions essentially, there is a little bit of revenue in there as well. But predominantly headcount related. So I would look at the severance changes as being related very closely to that number. I would also say that in the overall big number is a fair bit of equity related compensation which does now show up in adjusted EBITDA obviously so it’s harder to translate and add them to adjusted EBITDA impact and lot of that related to senior team that’s not there. So, hope that’s give you little bit more color. 
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah Conner, there wasn’t. But direction I could say that it is a bit more than the impact to revenue, I’d think it about 600 to 700 basis points range maybe a little bit higher.
Mark Okerstrom: Yeah Michael on the guidance, the 35% to 45% full year, year-on-year growth including HomeAway and Orbitz is in relation to the $1.165 billion and adjusted EBITDA for 2015 which is Expedia Inc. excluding eLong. 
Mark Okerstrom: We were debating Kevin when we would get the Airbnb question. So thank you very much for that. Listen we’re not seeing -- we don’t see significant effective Airbnb on our business. I would relate it to the answer I gave with car. Our growth rates are substantially different from industry growth rate. So just because we don’t see, it doesn’t mean that it’s not happening. We have said that Airbnb in general and HomeAway are adding inventory in the marketplace, launching inventory in the marketplace and it’s becoming more and more clear that there is a certain set of customers, who sometimes we’ll stay at a hotel, sometime we’ll stay in an Airbnb or HomeAway home.  So anytime you increased supply, you will put pressure on pricing. So we anticipate pressure on pricing, we do see it sometime during periods in which there is Super Bowl let’s say or events happening in city that users to sell out, we have absorb that it sometimes get harder for a hotel yield up during those events and sometimes whereas in the past, we would not have inventory for those events, we intend to have inventory for those events. So in some way you could consider a positive as it relates to our marketplace. And then finally anytime you have more supply you put pressure on pricing. You as an intermediary meeting us, want to have access to that supply and whereas before HomeAway was part of the family, we didn’t have significant asset to that supply and our goal was to build out that access to supply on an organic basis. Now that HomeAway is part of the family, we have access to that supply and we will continue to build access to that supply on an organic basis. So we think now that HomeAway is part of family Airbnb effect is going to be a positive factor for us, but it’s very early in this evolution. And at this point, other than those spot circumstances when markets are kind of sold out because of big events, we’re not seeing it affect our specific trends.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure Justin. It’s hard to give you precise numbers around timing of when we might expect to see better contribution in the rest of the world. This is a business that operates on a very quick cycle time. We invest, we see return and we see return we like, we continue to invest. I think the big change that will ultimately drive better rest of the world contribution is the ultimate penetration or maturity of the U.S. business. It’s an absolutely huge business now for Trivago, but still growing very strongly and they continue to see pocket of availability to invest into the U.S. At some point over the course of next three years, maybe it's this year, maybe its two year from now, maybe it's three years from now that market will get so big that they are fully penetrated and it does start to look from a profitability perspective anyway like they’re more in mature markets, but at this point it's really too difficult for us to give you color on when that’s going to happen.
Mark Okerstrom: Carefully guarded information, but I'll give you some directional color on it. One is that, obviously as we have built these big loyalty programs both in Hotel.com and at Brand Expedia and certainly Orbitz does have this benefit as well with the Orbucks program. You do build on your direct business that’s one of the core strategies of having those loyalty programs. So, as those programs mature and they are getting big we do see an increasing amount of our bookings coming direct. So, that’s the first point I’d made. Secondly, as in our mature markets like U.S. we do see a significant amount of our business coming to us direct type in responding to email using the app for example. And in less mature markets where we don’t have establishment the vast majority of traffic actually comes to us from variable channels and the goal is over time and we do this as we enter new markets and as they mature over time is to acquire these new customers and have them turn into repeat customers and build a business in places like Vietnam and Korea for example, that look a lot like the U.S. I think Dara had has made some comments over the course of last couple of quarters calls that one of the trends that we have seen is that the growth rates of our direct channels and the growth rates of bookings from our indirect or variable marketing channels were starting to get close together and I think that’s a trend that we had continued to see, and we are hopeful that something that can continue over a long period of time as we built these loyalty programs and as our international markets mature. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: And then Justin, on your question on 2018 consolidated EBITDA that was contained in the S4. Listen at the time of the acquisition, we put forward some forecast for what we believed or possible outcome for consolidated Expedia, Inc. results over the course the next three years, did not account any upsides or any significant investments, it’s a possible outcome. So I wouldn’t put a lot of weight on that. That was then combined essentially with the HomeAway projections and we did not at that time contribute to the combination of those results. Listen I think you can look at it as a possible outcome, but it certainly not something that I would use as guidance and I think as you know we make discrete discussions for month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter. So there is a lot that can change between now and 2018 and we’re just really focused on continuing to have a business where we can deliver consistently strong growth rates over a long period of time. In terms of the guidance, the 35% to 45% growth is off of the 1,165 which is the Expedia, Inc. full year 2015 number excluding eLong.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Mark I'll let Mark take most of that question, but one thing I will remind you as far as the core business is that foreign exchange was a really, really significant headwind for our core business this last year, and while they will continue to be a headwind in Q1 and Q2 it ease up in the back half of the year. So all things being the same that will be a benefit in 2016 versus 2015. I'll let Mark answer the others.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And as far HomeAway goes as of the end of the year we had about 60% of our total listings online bookable we don’t disclose the actual percentage of bookings that run through our listings and we are going to be working on increasing the percentage of online bookable listings in 2016 and get it much closer of 100% as much as we can. Really, we're going to be pushing online booking, offering it to our partners and that along with the book would confidence guarantee for travelers, we think it's going be a win for the travelers and it’s as also going to be win for our supply base as well and that’s really the focus of the business. We will try to obviously drive the online booking volume. But that is really much more of a long-term goal for us as a company and I think 2016 is going to be about kind of setting the base, making sure the technology infrastructure is right and making sure that we’re taking any and all kinks out of the online booking process to make it incredibly easy for travelers and incredibly easy for our subscribers as well. We don’t have a specific target for percentage of bookings going over the trends so to speak for 2016.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And as far as HomeAway and the booking fee goes. We’re going to be watching it very closely we obviously want the consumer experience to be great and we are obviously going to be watching the percentage of bookings running over the system. We think with the book with confidence guarantee, we are going to give our consumers, our travelers a lot of confidence as far as booking with HomeAway and making sure that they get what expect, making sure that if they have any issues regarding quality or the deposits, et cetera, they’re taking care of. And then we will be watching other metrics such as the traffic to the sites. The conversion rate of consumers coming and who look at listings, the renewal rate of our subscribers. So there are a host of other metrics that we are going to watch and meter in order to measure kind of what is a balance approach, which is, we do think that we are under monetizing relative to our volume and making sure that as we move to call a market monetization rate, we are providing great experience for travelers who are coming and looking for a great place to stay on HomeAway and we are bringing great value to our supply as well. I will also remind you that the booking fee is something that has been widely expected as far as Airbnb and TripAdvisor go. Airbnb is always had a booking fee, TripAdvisor introduced the booking fees last year. Those transitions have gone very, very smoothly. Our pricing is going to be quite competitive. So this is something that has already been market tested and we feel pretty good moving into this model based on the competition already being that. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: I’d say Brian, on the Orbitz side actually, while we haven’t gone through the full process. I would anticipate that Orbitz would actually be a bit quicker than Travelocity and Wotif, because the Orbitz team that was already employees, they had an online marketing team that was very sophisticated, they have an analytics them that is just excellent. So, a number of the folks have been there with Orbitz, they understand these optimizations, this is something they've done before, we are just hoping that as we move them over to our supply base and as we move them over tech stack they’re just going to have a machine that is much smoother and better than the machine that they had to work with in the past. So, we don’t anticipate any hiccups, as it relates to Orbitz you never know. And at least the trends that we’re seeing early on are encouraging, I things most will be on track. HomeAway is a very different animal, HomeAway is not an integration that team is going to be largely independent and activity with HomeAway has been to make sure frankly that that team is not distracted as being part of Expedia. I think we’re freeing up a bunch of their time to focus from call a public company activity, to value added activity, building a great consumer experience, building a great subscriber experience and because we are very, very familiar with this transactional model our product and technology teams are already working with them to make sure that the road maps are what they should be I think the second area where we can add value is making sure that as this volume comes online or as these listings come online, we are not only pushing HomeAway traffic to them but also Expedia and Hotels.com traffic to them which I think is a significant value both for the HomeAway subscriber base but also for the Expedia and Hotel.com consumer base as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think as far as HomeAway goes, we are rolling out now in the U.S. and the speed of the rollout is going to depend on the reaction of customers, conversion rate, how it’s working out with subscribers, et cetera. So the rollout will move quickly to the extent that we see things working out and we will be debugging actively. We will then once we’re done with the U.S. or once we’re well underway with the U.S., we’ll look at the rest of the world. But listen these rollouts are live rollouts and we don’t want to hard code a specific rollout cadence. Obviously we want to roll it out as quickly as possible, making sure that our customer experience and our subscriber experience is terrific. As far as the marketing approach for HomeAway. We do plan a significant year-on-year increase in Brand Marketing and HomeAway for 2016 that’s included in the numbers that Mark related to you. It’s the marketing campaign is already started and the early signs and we’re about five markets in the early signs as far as visits to the HomeAway sites look really good and we’re encourage by the trends that we see. Once online booking really starts to expand, we will be able to throw up variable marking channels as we get variable economics on the revenue side. One of the issues with the subscription listing product is that, you don’t earn money on every single transaction, your earning money on kind of annual subscription. So you can’t necessarily bid for the incremental transaction.  Once we have online booking extended along with the traveler fee and volumes rollout there. We do think that we will be able to increase variable marketing channels. But we think that’s something that’s going to happen in the back half of the year as opposed to the front half of the year. On the question of the confidence in the 350 million EBITDA in 2018. We made those estimates based on a set of assumptions, early set of assumptions and so far in the couple of weeks that HomeAway has been a part of the family. We are more impress than we were when we made those assumptions. It’s 2018, it’s a long time from now, but I think what we wanted to communicate is that, you kind of go into a company, you meet to people, you take a look at the look at the technology stack and the product roadmaps and either it’s good news or bad news and at this point with HomeAway is good news for us.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And as far as accelerator goes, it’s a very, very early. We are training our market managers who are now going out there and explaining the accelerator in the market. And we’re seeing in certain markets, we are seeing engagement with our hotel partners, the partners who have engaged with accelerator products are pretty darn happy, which is great. You want client who like the product. And so we see accelerator starting to contribute to our overall numbers. In general accelerator is a move in the direction of having much more of a marketplace model for our margins. So that hotel of yours can bid up when they need volume, they can go to base bid when they don’t need volume and also along with kind of bidding you get the quality of content of the hotel, the high lease Hotel, treat our customers to the quality of service, et cetera. And user reviews all mixing into a combination of the best hotel for the best customer and also economics that hotelier want to bid at and obviously hopefully economic that work out for us. So, we are very early on this journey, the signs that we’re seeing with accelerators so far are encouraging, we are not making aggressive assumptions in our 2016 plans for accelerator, but if any of our market manager teams are listening, we expect you to do better than the conservative plans that we have. So, we are hoping for the best, we are not counting the best. 
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, as far as the M&A front, we will be opportunistic as far as our capital allocation goes. I think that the team is more inwardly focused right now looking to go out and aggressively acquire although we have a terrific corporate development and strategy team who are constantly talking to anyone and everyone. When we look at the portfolio of assets that we have especially with HomeAway as part of our family we feel like we have a full portfolio, we feel like we don’t have any competitive holes and if we don’t engage in any M&A for the next two, three years we'll be perfectly happy. That said, we do want to extend our international coverage I think we are in general too U.S. dependent, at this point it’s really good thing because the U.S. economy is the strongest economy in the world. So it is positive now but five to ten years from now, shame on us if we haven't grown significantly more outside of the U.S. and in all the markets Asia-Pacific, Latin America, Europe etc.  Second area where we absolutely want to grow in scale is, in the corporate travel market. Obviously we are very strong in leisure travel, corporate travel we think it's an enormous opportunity. It's a higher yield customer sets that our suppliers favor. The demand patterns are quite complementary of leisure demand patterns and we want to get bigger, we want to scale and we see growth ahead for Egencia that is a combination of organic as well as inorganic growth and we think that’s going to continue for some time going forward. And then we’ll also look for kind of innovative new companies out there. Trivago obviously was a terrific one and it's a very, very value part of the family, we've made some investments in Alice for example on the supply technology front. So, we will be opportunistic wing as far as transport goes we’ll continue to be opportunistic, we’ll continue to shoot bullet, so to speak, and see when opportunity is out there in the world. That said the business throws off a lot of cash flow and historically I think before this year there was a fair amount of Capital allocation going to buybacks and to the extent that we don’t see anything external and to the extent that we like our own stock and typically we have liked our own stock. We will look to allocate some capital internally as well. So, it's kind of the world is our oyster and we're throwing off a lot of cash and we will try our best not to waste it. As far as the noise and the chatter with the chains, et cetera, we continue to be strong partners with the hotels, in general our volumes with independents and chains have grown significantly and our strategy with our chain partners is no different than our overall strategy which is to lower our base commissions, so that there is very little friction in working with us. And then really any hotel, whether they are a chain or independent can compete in our marketplace for share and this is a big marketplace, the marketplace is only growing and if you got competitive pricing and you got great content and you treat our customers really well and you provide excellence availability along with margins you will do well in the market place. So I think that the ultimate call it performance of the chains and the relationship with the chains and the volumes that we do with chains is really going be based on kind of chain bidding in our marketplace against independents and in general we see our chain volume, they've been healthy for a number of years and we expect to see them healthy on a go forward basis.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as the one that I can make a comment on is that renewal rate in Q4 actually improved and where the highest renewal rates for the year. So we are very happy about that. As far as an increase in vacation rental CPCs, we haven’t see any one way or the other. So I can’t really comment on that.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Okay. As far as a supply question and the pacing of our supply adds. We’re pretty happy with the pacing. So we tend to accelerate the pacing of ads to the extent that we see higher penetration in certain markets. A higher penetration means that we’re sending plenty of demand into a specific market, which means that we can acquire more hotels. And at this point, we are seeing kind of the growth of demand into the marketplace and the growth of supply be about right. So I would expect the same in 2016 and as we are adding more supply and as the new inventory contribute revenue into our marketplace, we then go on a higher more market managers. It’s a formal that we’ve add in place for about 18 months and I see no reason to change it certainly looks like it’s working. As far as the kind of supply that we are adding, as we are adding more supply, we are attending to add supply in secondary and tertiary markets and the average number of rooms per hotel is going down. So when we look at contribution from new hotel ad, it’s not something we disclose, but it certainly that we certainly look at internally. The contribution per hotel ad is going down and it’s going down because if kind of supply that we’re adding and it’s kind of working exactly to formula, so it’s exactly what we would expect to see.  As far as the impacts from countries and the refugee crisis, et cetera. We haven’t seen significant impact other than travel to I would say broad areas that are expected by the refugee crisis or directly affected, it is obviously down. But we haven’t seen kind of second orders stuff, so travel into Europe in general has continued to be pretty healthy and we’re not seeing any significant step changes and demand patterns there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as the comment on accelerator program being earlier. It’s literally because we’ve just launch the program. So this is a product that we co-complete on it in Q4 and we’ve been working with the market managers and hotel partners on launching it officially and that something that will kind of continue as we move through the year. It is a bidding type of product. So as you can imagine this marketplace type products tend to grow over a period of time. As you get more players engaging in them. So it’s early, we like what we see, but again we’re not making any heroic assumptions financially as it relates to tourist accelerator program. But it certainly a good start and we think it’s a terrific product that is going to be a real winner for our hotel partners.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, absolutely. I'd also add that Expedia has pretty significant loyalty program and I think between Hotel.com, Expedia and Orbitz we are running pretty close to 40 million loyalty members on a global basis and I would say our appetite here is unlimited and way to explain that is that the variable economics behind these loyalty programs are all working. In other words, look at the points costs, we look at the ultimate redemption value of those points to the percentage of people who are using the point, our customers who are using the points and when they use them. And then we look at the behavior of the consumers and like-for-like consumers, who are in the program versus behavior of consumers who are not in the program and how that behavior changes in terms of repeat characteristics and in terms of channel mix. When we look at those factors and compare it to the point costs. These loyalty programs work. So as long as the factors are now changing, as long as these repeat characteristics aren’t changing, as long as the channel mix isn’t changing and as long as the ultimate redemption value isn’t changing, then we will look to expand these loyalty programs as aggressively as we can on a global basis. There are some countries where the programs work really, really well. For example, we’ve been pleasantly surprise in the Asia-Pacific regions where loyalty has really taken off and for example on a welcome rewards basis, it’s got the highest penetration, I’ll call it welcome rewards or hotel rewards. Excuse me, it’s got a high differentiation hotel rewards bookings as a percentage of the overall customer base. So we see some customer bases, who love these programs in the Asia-Pacific regions. But in general, the variable economics look good and we will continue to invest aggressively in these loyalty programs on a go forward basis. The other reminder that I would put forward is that the points cost that we take are upfront, the benefits from these loyalty programs or trailing benefits so to speak. Because you get the repeat benefits, you get the channel benefits down the line. So as we’re growing these member basis, typically we’re paying an upfront costs and we’re building of a pretty substantial asset. We think this is a great competitive moat that we’re building around our brand and we attempt to keep investing behind that moat.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I just want to underline what Mark was saying as far as the decision making for the company, if you look at our technology infrastructure and upgrader tech infrastructure, from a design element we’re going from much of a call a batch data design to real time design. Batch data is data comes in and goes into some data warehouse, analyst come in, analyze it, a decision is made and based on that decision you take actions, real-time is a total flow of data coming in, you are analyzing the data on a real-time basis and you make decisions real-time and that kind a same idea, that tech design idea is something that we’re taking to our business. And we are making, we don’t want to be making a decision on Trivago marketing investments based on something that someone put on a piece of paper as part of our annual plan because then the paper is kind a running your business. We are instrumenting our businesses so that we are making the right tomorrow and the day after and the day after, and the day after and whatever the result is then that’s an optimized result for real business purposes and for the purposes of our investors, then an optimize result to hit a number on a piece of paper. We take our annual guidance with you seriously but there are lot of different adjustments that we are making with our businesses and we make those adjustments real-time we don’t make it because someone put a target on a piece of paper.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, just great job to the Expedia team on the world wise basis and in particular to the teams that are working on the Orbitz migration, it's a lot of work we appreciate it and a big welcome to the HomeAway team. So, thank you very much. Look forward to an exciting 2016. Thank you. 
