Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. We're pleased to deliver a strong Q3, showing solid top line and bottom line trends and setting us for a good finish to the year. I'd like to update you on the status of the challenges we discussed last quarter, and then cover a couple of other developments before turning the call over to Mark. First, for Hotwire, although revenue and profitability are still down, the trends have generally stabilized. The team now has a strong handle on both the challenges and opportunities, and they're mobilizing to build up the Hotwire brand and products to position the business for future growth. The TripAdvisor channel has generally improved since the initial global transition to metasearch during the second quarter. Although we see the performance in this channel vary week-by-week and also by geography, our bidding models are improving and we're generally regaining click share. It will still take some time for this to settle out, but we're confident about our ability to compete effectively in the metasearch channel in general. Lastly, while the U.S. markets remain extremely competitive, we've seen some improvements in our direct type-in channel. There's still work to do here, but we're cautiously optimistic given the recent trends. Brand Expedia performance continues to be robust, and we're pleased with our agreement to power Travelocity's U.S. and Canadian sites, including providing the underlying supply across product lines, along with the related customer service. We believe that this is a strong testament to the technology investment that we made over the past several years, and to our strong global supply footprint. The Travelocity team will be responsible for driving traffic through various marketing channels, and our brands will be competing with them for that traffic. The implementation work commenced, essentially, the moment the agreement was signed and continues as we speak. As the capabilities are completed, we will begin to transition traffic, test the results and scale up over time. It's still early in this implementation, but we're happy with our progress thus far, and expect to launch in the first half of 2014. eLong and trivago continue to execute well. eLong is growing in the highly competitive Chinese market with a real focus on and strong acceleration in the mobile channel. We're also pleased with trivago results in Q3, with continued strong revenue growth on an aggressive global expansion. We expect trivago to be nicely profitable for 2013 and expect more of the same playbook next year, steep selling and marketing investments made in the front half of the year and profits delivered in the back half. trivago's terrific product and branding campaigns have earned it the right of being the most recognized hotel metasearch brand in Europe, and we're eager to continue introducing trivago to the rest of the world. In closing, we feel better about our recent trends after a difficult first half of the year. We fully expect continued competition around the world, but we've demonstrated an ability to adjust and execute in an attractive, dynamic and highly competitive space. Our core online travel agency business is transitioning from a deep investment phase into one where we can grow in scale, while at the same time, we continue to invest in earlier-stage businesses like Egencia, eLong and trivago, where the focus is more on top line growth and share gains than on near-term profits. We continue to believe we have a long runway of growth ahead of us in this huge market, and consistent with that belief, we've continued our stock buyback program, including the repurchase of 6 million shares since the beginning of the third quarter. With that, let me turn it over to Mark.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, Mark, I think on TripAdvisor, the spend over the period, so to speak, Q3 versus Q2, was fairly comparable. We are -- I'd say the trend for us through the quarter was positive. So my expectation is that the Q3 -- the Q4 spend on TripAdvisor is going to improve over what you saw in Q2 and Q3. And that's just part of our optimization efforts on trip in general is testing and learning, understanding how the meta model works. And I'd say we are incrementally more confident with TripAdvisor meta and kind of more comfortable with the various parts of -- moving parts of that business than we were going into Q2. So we feel better about it, and we're certainly hoping that our Q4 spend in TripAdvisor will be up year-on-year.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Naved, it's tough to tell. The direct channels are the ones that I would say are least responsive, at least on a short-term basis, to spend. So we have a pretty good idea when we're up or down on SEM or meta, because often it is directly related to our own activity or competitive activity. That is not quite true with the direct channel. So it's tougher to tell. We would guess that the competitive activity going into Q3 was a little bit less competitive, but as far as brand spend goes, our share of voice is where we want it to be. In general, we have gotten a bit more effective on variable channels, both on the Hotels.com and Expedia fronts, and that could have a kind of, call it, rebound effect on the direct channels. So those could be 2 factors, but again, our ability to be very specific on the direct channels is a bit more difficult.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as our -- the percentage of mobile, mobile is basically one of our fastest-growing channels and continues to be growing very quickly, high-double digits, sometimes triple digits. We are seeing a very, very fast growth in mobile in Asia. eLong has been focusing on mobile very aggressively. Mobile downloads across EI are now approaching 80 million downloads. And we're attacking that channel aggressively across both apps, which tend to attract customers who are loyal to the brand, who then come directly second and third times, and then on web as well. One of the areas we're quite focused on right now is responsive design and building out sites that are able to respond based on whatever device that you use. And for example, the Expedia -- Brand Expedia hotel path now is fully responsive, and we're looking to move other paths responsive as well. So mobile for us is, we feel, a very, very big opportunity, and we're quite pleased with our progress there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: For us, hotels, because it is our largest revenue generator, is the first product that, in general, we have been rolling out on mobile. So our mobile penetration is the highest in hotels. Hotels.com has done a great job going mobile early, et cetera. On Expedia, we did introduce the air path on our app relatively recently. It's also available on mobile web as well. We think it's industry-leading experience, so we're seeing great early results. But air is very, very early right now.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, as far as trivago goes, we try not to think too hard about these things. Our approach is going to be similar to our approach with TripAdvisor. We obviously a created a lot of value with TripAdvisor, and our shareholders at the time of the spinout are quite happy about that. As you know, TripAdvisor was operated fairly independently from the OTA assets. It allowed that team to be independent, to be innovative, to move fast. And the plan for trivago is the same. We have a great group of founders as our partners. It is a fast-moving company. They are growing very, very quickly on a global basis, and we expect them to do the same going forward. So as that business grows, as hotel and meta grows, it will become a larger portion of our business on a go-forward basis. And we think that it will be quite value-additive over the long term to our shareholders, and we're looking forward to that. We're also very -- trivago's geo focus is also quite complementary with our brands in that they're very [Audio Gap] obviously, we're getting smarter about European travel trends, working with the trivago team in order to try to gain more share within the trivago marketplace in Europe, although it's an absolutely fair game. And then as trivago is coming into the U.S., we are bidding aggressively in the trivago channel as far as our brands in the U.S. go. So it's a complementary relationship. It's a relationship that worked with TripAdvisor. And while those brands are run totally autonomously, we do think that they can be complementary within the portfolio. Mark is going to talk ETP.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the e-mail marketing campaigns go, we haven't seen material changes to our e-mail channel as far as trends go. So it could be just that Gmail is not a high enough percentage of our opens, et cetera. I'd say that the most significant trend for our e-mail channel is that the percentage of our e-mails now open using some kind of mobile device, a mobile phone, tablet, et cetera, is very, very significant. So our building out our e-mail templates, et cetera, to be responsive, to look good on a smartphone, as well as on desktop, is something that we're much more focused on, on a go-forward basis. And we made good strides there. As far as ETP resonating more or less with different types of hotels, we're getting broad acceptance for ETP and expansion of ETP. I would say that ETP penetration in Europe is leading as far as our total penetration, and we think that ETP is going to be a very, very significant part of our European business, really, going into Q4 and next year. And we're looking forward to that helping our European business and building our base there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, sure. As far as the review base goes, we think having Verified Reviews is a significant competitive advantage over other players who don't. Obviously, the reviews that show up on Expedia, Hotels.com, et cetera, are there from our users. And really, the activity that we have been focused on has been trying to drive higher the percentage of users who stay and review their hotel stay. The more reviews we have, in general, we think the better content we have for our users, and we do think that the number reviews is also correlated to conversion. So there's a lot of activity going on as far as review collection goes. Our review collection percentages are increasing, and we think an important next step is going to be review collection using your phone. At this point, we are focused on desktop, but we will certainly move to mobile review collection, which we think will be a big, big improvement. Our mobile itineraries are getting much better. The experience is getting much better, and we're certainly going to move that experience into reviews as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think -- listen, I think Hotwire's car business in general is following its overall business, in that it suffered early in the year because of the issues that we talked about. It's stable at this point, and we did go through a period where opaque discounts at Hotwire weren't quite what they were earlier. We're seeing some return there. So while the Hotwire car rental business is by no means peppy, it's stable, and we're hoping for some improvement going forward.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Well, I don't think there are any losers. I mean, I think that consumers are certainly winners because they get a lot of benefit from using these mobile devices. They have more choice, and we are there, and a lot of other OTAs are there, when they want to make those last-minute bookings. So I don't see any losers in this, in that it's a net better product, and we're seeing consumers flock to that net better product. And we're certainly seeing our suppliers participate in mobile and mobile-only deals, for example, pretty aggressively. So we think it's a win-win. Maybe your traditional phone line company is a loser, but I think for the travel space, mobile is quite a positive factor on many fronts.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, as far as the steps to fix traffic share on Trip, I want to say I think we're on our way, and it's a lot of steps to make sure that our inventories display properly, to get more data, to be able to bid more efficiently and to make the right bid based on predicted conversion and predicted ADRs, to increase the breadth of hotels that we're bidding on and the languages and the geos, et cetera. And this is not a process that happens overnight. It's a process that's iterative. And on a weekly basis, in general, we see trends getting better, and we certainly feel better about our TripAdvisor channel and the performance there coming out of Q3 than we did coming out of Q2. So we're hoping for more improvement. The TripAdvisor channel -- the TripAdvisor team has been very good to work with, and we look forward to working with them to continue to improve our performance with Trip. As far as lifetime customer value, we do look at customer behavior coming from different channels after the initial booking. What does the customer do? What does the customer do the second time they come back to us through a meta channel, Google channel, Trip channel, et cetera? We certainly take that into account as far as our bidding algorithms on each of those channels.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And just to add on, on an operational basis, you should think about our integration of the Travelocity platform as quite similar to how we rolled out the Brand Expedia platform. So it's not going to be flipping a switch, and all of a sudden, you're going to see a new site. It will be rolled out on a sterial [ph] basis by product. As you might guess, the hotel product is going to go first because that's where most of the money is. And there will be testing and learning. So the timing of the rollout is really going to depend on a bunch of testings that we do live on the site. And if things are working well, the rollout will be faster. And if they're not, we'll go back to the drawing board and we'll do so more work and then try again. So it will be gradual, and there won't be any kind of switch that's flipped, so to speak.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, as far as mobile front, I'd say that Hotels.com has done a terrific job with mobile broadly, both domestically and internationally. The download numbers are very, very strong, and Hotels.com has been an early investor in both mobile products and mobile downloads for some period of time. So it's not a quarter story. It's a long-term story for Hotels.com. And then on the Expedia side, I think the Expedia team arguably started late, but I think the Expedia product in mobile, the experience on hotel, the experience on air is just terrific. And that team has done a great, great job as far as design, experience, et cetera, goes. And I think we'll see great benefits from that going forward. Both Hotels.com and Expedia are coming up with some pretty terrific iPad apps, Hotels.com this year, Expedia into next year, that we're very excited about. And then Egencia is also coming out with an app that we think is dynamite as well. So mobile for us is broad, and we are investing aggressively. And again, we think it's a very, very big opportunity for us, and we're investing appropriate to the level of that activity.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think the only thing that I'd add to that is that some of the currency effects have certainly affected traffic patterns. So the Japanese yen being down has hurt Japanese outbound business. The Australian dollar being down has hurt the outbound business a bit. But those are relatively minor factors within the full portfolio.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, as far as Hotwire goes, we don't want to get into detail as far as the Hotwire plans go. Suffice it to say that the trends have stabilized, that the teams are very focused on making sure that Hotwire is relevant and competitive within the broader comp set, but also as it relates to Priceline Express Deals, which is a new product that's out there. And I think at the mobile front as well, the Hotwire product can really sing with mobile, especially with the last-minute nature of mobile in general. And that's something that the Hotwire team is quite focused on. So we are certainly not satisfied by any way with Hotwire performance, and I think that team is not satisfied. But they're focused. They're executing, and we're very confident that they're going to come out running in Q4 and going into next year. As far as the mobile goes, the benefit from enhanced campaigns, nothing material there. We see, obviously, there are a lot of players engaging in mobile. I'd say our ROIs on mobile web are less than our ROIs on desktop. CPCs still seem to be fairly elevated relative to conversions and also length of stay. The length of stay for mobile tends to be much shorter. So we haven't seen significant changes there, and we'll work to optimize that channel. And I think we're making great traction there, especially on the app front.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think the visioning is pretty simple in that Home Away is a -- has terrific product out there. And we want to see whether that product is a product that resonates with our consumers. As far as integrating listings into our search results page or separate tabs, I think it's a little bit too soon to talk about that. We would like to have the most integrated experience that we can, but there will be -- how it shows up is really going to be driven by customer preference. We're going to try a number of different approaches, and then we'll let the customers vote on the approach that they like the most.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think from a long-term standpoint, it's obviously hit a consumer chord, and I think one of the real unknowns is going to be the regulatory environment, our government regulators, what are government regulators going to do about this product, is it safe long term. And from a regulation standpoint, how does it relate to hotels that have to pay occupancy taxes, for example, here, VAT. So there's -- it's a fragmented marketplace that's forming. We do think that it will continue to form. We do think it will be regulated over time, and the size of it will, to some extent, partly depend on that regulation. But we think from a consumer standpoint, it is a -- it seems to be good product and product that consumers like. So as part of our relationship with Home Away, we want to see whether that's product that is important to Expedia customers and Hotels.com customers. And we think that it's a potentially new source of supply for us, and new sources of supply to the extent that they are scalable and safe. And our sources of supply that consumers enjoy and consumers value are quite valuable to us, because our ability to consolidate that supply give consumers one look at all kinds of different choices as to where they can stay in a particular marketplace. That's where we add value. So we've got great brands. We've got great traffic. So to the extent that this business does consolidate and grow, we think we can partner with it and we think we can be a significant positive for all the parties involved. So we're really looking forward to our partnership with Home Away. We'll see how that goes, and then we'll take it from there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just good work from the Expedia Inc. team across the world. We did a good job, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. I guess it's in June -- I guess it's in February. Thank you.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. Again, the big drivers of revenue per room night, you've got mix shift to Asia, a lot of which ends up being driven by eLong. You've got the rollout of Expedia Traveler Preference program. You've got mix shift to chains, discounting, coupons, et cetera. All of those things combined over the course of the last several quarters, with a few exceptions, has led to a gap of around 6% to 7%-ish. We're expecting that revenue per room night will continue to decline, so I would just model that in. It's tough for us to predict the exact amount, but some of the trends you've seen recently are certainly directionally in the range of what we might expect, with probably a little bit more pressure to the downside than the upside.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And then just on your question on booking patterns and shifts between tablets and smartphones, no significant shift. We continue to see smartphone bookings to be much nearer in and tablet bookings to look a lot more like desktop. The exception to that would be in Asia, where we actually see smartphone activity look a little bit more like desktop, as folks in the Asian market seem to be using that as their primary booking tool.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes. So with respect to ETP, we are rolling it out globally. The focus this year has been really predominantly on the U.S., as well as Europe, in terms of hotel partner sign-up. And we've seen very positive response in both markets. Some of the things that participating hotels are seeing and we're seeing are really testament to the fact that consumers really like this product. We're seeing average booking values higher for hotels before and after, and for participating hotels versus nonparticipating hotels. We're seeing room night growth accelerate for those hotels that participate after versus before. So we're seeing some pretty positive impacts for our partners. Our consumers continue to like it, and net-net, we'd say a positive result. And we're going to continue to look at rolling this out globally. Again, we said we'd control the rollout. We like what we see, and we're going to continue to go.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So yes, I don't want to comment too much further on 2014, beyond what we said would be the run rate impact for Travelocity. We'll give more guidance on our next call. I'd just remind you that the competitive environment remains pretty hot, and we do believe in the strength of this business. But let's not get ahead of ourselves yet. I will give you more guidance on the next call. With respect to marketing efficiency, listen, we -- one of the big drivers there from a year-on-year perspective is, as you'll recall, we had some pretty hard comps in Q1 and Q2 based on what we were doing last year. And the comps started to normalize in Q3, and they will be more normalized in Q4. A lot of that was driven by the fact that we were a little bit more reserved in our spend, particularly in Brand Expedia, in Q1 and Q2 of 2012. And then we stepped it up as we saw the conversion gains, and we're now lapping over that. So that's sort of the driver between the delta there. If you look at sales and marketing, excluding eLong and trivago, per room night, the numbers look a little bit more stable, particularly if you look at that on a trailing 12-month basis.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, the only thing I would add to that is we do have a lot of the major chain hotels signed up and seen very, very positive results. So it's -- between chains and independents we're seeing good adoption. And again, the numbers that I mentioned around some of the benefits that participating hotels are seeing are really shared broadly across all segments.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And with respect to Travelocity, I would say nothing meaningful. Obviously, there's transaction costs, and we did start to buy some of the hardware and infrastructure associated with the deal. But I would say nothing meaningful. And I would remind you that our full year guidance includes -- for 2013, includes the impact of any incremental spending we'll do to ramp that deal up this year.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure, Mike. So I would say that we didn't see significant changes in those metrics. They were sort of flattish year-on-year. I would say generally, what we're seeing in the car industry is broadly consistent with what we've seen over the course of this year. You've got domestic rising fleet costs and consolidation providing a landscape that allows suppliers the ability to price up. That said, we have seen a little bit of a recent softening in demand in the industry, and that has created a little bit more inventory to be available for some of the deeper discount channels.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure, yes. So with respect to Travelocity, obviously, the results of Travelocity historically are not our information to share, and I don't want to get into a ton of detail. But I will give you a few other tips on how to think about this. One is, firstly and foremostly, the historic Travelocity business is a result of the historic Travelocity platform, and the results that they're able to produce on our platform may be significantly different. So I think that's one caveat. Secondly, I would just remind you of the fact that the guidance we gave was full year run-rate guidance and not a 2014 realized number, and there's lots of variability around that. So with those caveats in mind, just a couple of things. One is that, historically, the Travelocity business has been a little bit more air-heavy than we would have seen in our Expedia U.S. and Canadian points of sale. Secondly is that there are some historic figures floating around, either by industry observers or actual historic numbers that have been put out there. I would just caution you that the business for which this deal relates, which is the Travelocity-branded websites in the U.S. and Canada, is a subset of the historic Travelocity business, which would include things like Last Minute, a car business they had, ZUJI, a fairly big private-label business. So I would just ask people to take that into consideration when they're modeling. And then the last thing, as I've stated, that our base case sees that business as accretive to our EBITDA margins. So hopefully, that gives you a few other things to help you.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Well, I would just say that what we said on direct traffic is generally in the bucket of all of the challenges we saw last quarter. We've seen trends stable to improving. Of those trends, direct traffic in aggregate would be one of them. So I wouldn't draw a dramatic conclusion that we're seeing a huge increase in our direct traffic. What I would tell you about competitive intensity is that it is increasing, that there are more players in the marketplace, particularly players who are focused on television advertising, including existing incumbents who weren't historically focused on television advertising. And that creates a tougher environment for getting share of voice in that channel, which can have an impact on our direct sales -- our direct traffic. Versus the end of Q2, in Q3, there was probably a little bit of quieting in that television advertising noise. But again, I wouldn't take -- I wouldn't allow that to take away from the fact that competitive intensity is strong, and we expect it to be that way in the U.S. for a long time to come.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And with respect to international room night growth, I would say nothing specific to call out. You'll see growth pretty consistent this quarter versus last quarter, similar to what you might expect in terms of trends. Europe growing nicely. Asia Pacific and Latin America are growing more quickly.
