Michael Adler: Thanks, Dara. From a brand perspective, we saw a healthy revenue growth across most of our brands and geographies, with the notable exception of our Expedia brand. Hotels.com saw both room night growth, and total revenue growth accelerate nicely in Europe and Asia Pacific. Our WelcomeRewards program continues to do well, and is helping to drive hotel bookings in North America where Hotels.com room night growth accelerated from 14% growth in the fourth quarter, to a very robust 27% in the first quarter. Hotels.com Global Standalone Hotel business is now larger than that for the Expedia brand and we're certainly glad to see that momentum. And while the Expedia brand grew hotel revenue at rates similar to last quarter, air tickets were down double digits year-over-year. From a product perspective, hotel room night growth in Q1 was healthy at 15%, and we saw a good growth in both domestic and international. Our ADRs were up 3% for the quarter with 1% growth in revenue per room nights.  In air, tickets declined by 10% year-over-year, while we saw an 18% increase in revenue per ticket. As we mentioned last quarter, we have accelerated revenue recognition on our merchant air product to the book date, which accounted for roughly 1/3 of the improvement per ticket. The 13% increase in average ticket prices, as well as some performance based overrides were the other primary contributing factors. We do not expect to see a year-over-year increase in revenue per ticket as we move through the year. We've also signed a memorandum of understanding with American Airlines, and we're happy to have their tickets back on the sites. On a broad level, we are accessing and plan to access our air and package content via Global Distribution Systems, and continue to believe the GDSs are the most efficient and effective method for airlines to distribute their content to travel agencies. As we mentioned last quarter, we are ramping key investments, and you can see the impact of that in our operating expenses.  Of the $60 million increase in selling and marketing expense, a little over 40% was for the Expedia brand, essentially all of which was for international efforts in Europe and APAC. Hotels.com made up nearly 30% of the total increase, with that spend relatively balanced across regions. TripAdvisor accounts for over 20% of the increase as it continues to drive volume growth around the world. Tech and content continues to ramp as we scale up the headcount required to complete our strategic technology projects. The head count increases are concentrated primarily in our centralized IT function, TripAdvisor, Expedia and our Partner Services Group. Recent tech and content deliverables have included the launch of two new Expedia-branded websites in APAC, the launch of our new Expedia.com Loyalty Program, new mobile applications for both Expedia and Hotels.com, and the launch of Hotwire in the U.K. to name just a few. We're also hard at work innovating on the front end of Hotels.com, moving Expedia onto its new platform and upgrading our supply platform, as well as other back-end systems. G&A expense was $5 million higher than we expected this quarter, primarily on an increase in legal costs and related reserves. Unfortunately, these expenses can be somewhat unpredictable and lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. I can say however, that we are still expecting G&A to grow at a slower rate than revenue for full-year 2011. Lastly, as expected, we saw leverage and cost of revenue as we continue to see payoff from prior investments. From a profitability perspective, operating income before amortization was down 9%. The OIBA decline is due in part to the fact that Q1 is seasonally the lightest revenue quarter of the year, while the investments we are making are not seasonal. We do expect to see improving top line performance as we move through the year, and our expense comparisons get easier in the second half. So our expectations are for OIBA growth to be stronger in the back half of the year relative to the first half. As far as our financial expectations are concerned, last quarter, we said we expected OIBA to grow in the mid-single-digit range for full year 2011. With improved air inventory, we feel better about the business, although higher air ticket and oil prices since the last earnings call, present ongoing headwinds for standalone air and packages.  Net-net, we think we can do at least as well as we described last quarter, if not a little better. As a housekeeping item, please note that these expectations do not contemplate the additional cost we will incur related to the TripAdvisor spinoff. With that, let's turn to questions. Operator, would you please remind listeners how to ask a question.
Michael Adler: Sure. On FX, we did see a slight boost in this quarter on the year-on-year weakening in the U.S. dollar and last year, we saw the U.S. dollar begin to strengthen mid-year. So if current rates do hold, that will provide a bit of a tailwind for us. We obviously can't control it, so we don't count on it. In terms of what we refer to as a book to say, exposure that we have to FX, and that's between book date and stay date, we do hedge that to the extent that there are large movements from one period to another before the booking actually stays. For the most part, we expect to be neutral.
Michael Adler: Sure. So Expedia, Hotels.com, and some of our other brands today, acquire traffic from TripAdvisor, and that relationship today is at fair value and that's reflected in our various segment reporting. Go forward, the relationship between Expedia, Hotels and TripAdvisor will be like with any third party. So it will be a true cash relationship like with any other party.
Michael Adler: It's all intercompany, correct. So whether it happens or not, there's various accounting entries and things which occur but today, all the cash is at the Expedia, Inc. level.
Michael Adler: So we have a relatively small exposure to Japan, and it did not really have much of an impact on our Q1 figures and go forward, we don't expect it to have a material impact on the rest of the year. So it's very, very low single-digits.
Michael Adler: And I'd like to add that we are seeing increased growth in smaller markets in Europe for agency. It's where it's having its biggest impact.
Michael Adler: Sure, so on the car side of the business, we did see transaction growth this quarter. We grew both at Expedia and at Hotwire, and we did see an increase, therefore, in -- in gross bookings, and we did have a bit of pressure on the pricing side. We are getting less access to opaque inventory. So we are selling more or distributing more on the retail side of the business. In terms of what's happening in the supply chain, we definitely are seeing tightening up on summer fleets. We expect demand to be stronger, and, yes, some fleet shortages this summer. So that will be a headwind for our business, particularly on the opaque side of the house. And in terms of -- do the car rental companies want to continue to work with OTAs, they definitely want to continue to work with us, and we're very happy about that and in fact, just renewed our deal with Enterprise.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Mark. As far as TA goes, we were definitely impacted by the changes that Google made in Places. Places, they're favoring their own internal content and pushing down kind of the SEO results down the page, often below the fold. And we certainly saw an effect on TripAdvisor traffic at the result of that. I think the reason why you're seeing the revenue strength of TripAdvisor is just because of TripAdvisor's incredible diversity and the underlying strength of the business. So I think if Places wasn't around, TripAdvisor would've grown even faster, but we're seeing very, very good results in TripAdvisor coming out of the international markets. The international markets now are a significant majority of TripAdvisor's traffic. There's still less than -- well less than 50% of TripAdvisor's revenue, and TripAdvisor's doing great things internationally, launching new sites, investing pretty aggressively in the Asia Pacific regions, and then launching new products that we're quite happy about, such as the Business Listings product. So it hurt us, but I just think that the TripAdvisor management team has adjusted it well, and the business is on a good path, so that we are able to show healthy growth despite Google's actions. As far as the evidence on the ROI, the marketing investments, I'd say continued health and hopefully acceleration on the --on the room nights on hotel room nights, which is clearly something that we're pushing. And I would say we would want to see a continuance of the revenue acceleration that we saw in the international markets in Q1. International revenue came in at 31% growth, which was significantly higher than what we saw in Q4. And we're certainly happier with those kinds of numbers than the numbers that we saw kind of late, late last year. So those are certainly two factors that we look at.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. I'll answer the last one first. As far as debt goes, we haven't made any final determinations as to where the debt is going to be. We will make sure that both companies are appropriately capitalized. And as you know, our capital position is very strong from a cash standpoint, and the debt levels, are debt levels that are very reasonable. So I don't think that frankly, figuring out what the right capitalization levels for each company is, is going to be that difficult, we have plenty to go around. But we haven't made the full determination of exactly how we're going to structure the companies. That will come out, I think once we file our S-4, et cetera, so that's work to be done. As far as the reasons for the spin, I think they're simple. I think as we've kind of restructured our businesses and created global lines of business and global brands, we've found that focus is incredibly important in performance. And we think that this will focus the employees of kind of new Expedia, the transactional employees to drive those businesses and make sure that the investments that we're making on behalf of our shareholders pay off. And I think that it will focus TripAdvisor to keep building on an incredible asset that, that management team has built. I think anytime that you've got employees who feel like their work has a great chance of affecting, not only how their company does, what products they release, but also how their stock price does and how their pocket books are affected. The more direct that action or reaction is, in the better company's do. And I think this is going to focus the mind for the transactional businesses that we have to make these investments pay off. And I certainly think that the TripAdvisor team, who I think is really proud of the business that they've built, is going to get to go forward as a public company, and I think it's going to motivate them even more than they've been motivated in the past. So I think net-net, it's going to be a great thing. There are certainly some synergies that we'll lose. One synergy that we loved about having TripAdvisor in the family was that we were hedged against media inflation. As you know, marketing is a very significant cost for Expedia, and having TripAdvisor in the family really provided a wonderful hedge against that. Now our shareholders can create that hedge, and I guess they're in the business of allocating capital. So they can make up their mind there and we're giving them optionality. And I do think that the businesses have been working together more. You see TripAdvisor for example, now showing up in Expedia info sites, as far as you see TripAdvisor reviews show up there. I think you'll actually see the businesses work more together going forward, and we're going to make sure that we put those relations in place in the form of contracts, et cetera, that will make that kind of partnership possible. The last thing I'll say is, we've worked together as a team really well. My senior leadership team with Steve Kaufer's senior and leadership team, we're friends, we respect each other. And I do expect that we will be a great partner of theirs, and they'll be a great partner of ours.
Dara Khosrowshahi: It's a 25% growth in revenue coming from the CPC line of business for TripAdvisor on a 30% increase in volume as far as 30% increase in clicks from customers.
Dara Khosrowshahi: On the display side, I'd say our CPMs have historically been quite healthy, and we're essentially seeing stable CPMs. I don't think we're seeing very significant increases either up or down. I think TripAdvisor and Expedia, where we have the greatest portion of the CPM business, have the ability to -- have always had the ability to charge premium prices, because we are really the premium sites that people come to. Obviously TripAdvisor has the greatest amount of traffic, and Expedia is a close second, so we're seeing pretty good stability from CPM results both on the TripAdvisor and Expedia side as far as rates go.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I think -- honestly, Heath, we're fairly neutral on it. When we talk about our business, we're not in the business of selling merchant hotels. We are in the business of selling hotels. And we bought Venere a few years back in order to make sure that we have access to the agency hotel model, to understand that model, and also because we thought Venere was a good brand. And being marketers of hotels, we're essentially neutral. We want to be able to sign up a high number of hotels in the European marketplace to the extent that hotels are smaller hotels, et cetera. Independent hotels often we'll sign them up as agency hotels and market them as such, to the extent that their larger hotels that want to participate in the Package business, we'll sign them up as merchant hotels and we'll market them as such. So I think that the strength that we're seeing in Europe isn't particularly because of merchant versus agency. It's because we're marketing our brands a bit more effectively, and some of the technology investments that we're making are resulting in conversion increases that help both merchant and agency volumes in Europe, both of which are growing.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, to Mike's points, the growth rates in Europe, tend to be fastest in the secondary and tertiary markets, where we are able to add agency inventory in addition to merchant inventory.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think that one of the strengths of our business is that we have a mix of brand and variable marketing, and that's part of our core strategy. Obviously, we've got some competitors who are very strong on brand, and we've got some competitors who go exclusively with variable marketing. Conversion will help both, right? If you've got higher conversion that allows you to afford to spend more in variable marketing channels to acquire more volume in the variable marketing channels, but it also theoretically helps you invest more in brand or invest more profitably in brand marketing. So we don't view the kind of goals of increasing conversion as being either an online or offline strategy, it's just a business strategy.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I'd say it's definitely fair to say that the recovery in business travel is underway. There are three factors that are driving Egencia's growth. One is new client signings in excess of any client churn, and the signing volume for the business remains healthy. I'd say on balance, Europe is a real area of strength for us where we have terrific, terrific momentum in France, where we have a very strong position. The U.K. is turning out to be a nice market as well, and then obviously, the U.S. is a great base market as well. So client signings is one driver. The second driver is that same client spend is up as well, as just companies that cut back in travel spend are traveling again, they're hitting the road again in order to drive sales. And the third factor is that, the price of travel in general is up. I think you saw our average ATPs, systemwide were up 13%. That's true generally for the leisure and the business travel as well. So the cost of travel has gone up, and we haven't yet seen the cost of travel kind of discourage businesses from traveling, although that's something that we're going to be watching pretty closely. So I'd say pretty solid trends there. Egencia's gross bookings grew 36% in Q1, compared to American Express at 17% in American Express Corporate Travel. So we're gaining share there, and the team is executing well, so we like what we see there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, sure. Listen, I think we're finally at the point where we have profitable scale on the business, and that's important for us. We spent 6 years basically putting every revenue dollar back into the business, and then you saw the business scale pretty dramatically last year. And we're at the point now where we can grow the business profitably for some period of time, at the same time, making very aggressive investments in new technology, et cetera, making investments in our sales force as well. That said, we are going to try to act at a scale of business. One example is the Travelforce acquisition. It was the smallest deal that we announced in early April, in Australia and New Zealand. We will look to bring in -- new corporate travel agencies into the fold. We will look to integrate them into the Egencia technology, which we think is a market-leading technology at lower cost, and also it has able to leverage off of some of the technology and the supply that we've got at greater Expedia. So we think we have the scale, but we actually think that through talk and acquisitions we can scale this business a whole lot more. So we're certainly on the lookout for acquisitions as well as organic growth.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I think in general, the value that we bring to a number of these players and it's not unique to car rental companies is the demand allows them to increase the yields on the full book of business that they do with us. So to the extent that they lose the demand from us, then the full book of business might get weaker, in which can hurt revenue. And I think the broader set of healthy channels that you have as any kind of retailer, the stronger you can do yielding your inventory, and I think especially in a situation coming up for the car rental companies, where inventory is going to be tighter, we think having more demand and strengthening yield is a good thing for everybody.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Again, it depends on what conversion is, right? So if you increase your conversion by 5%, we should be 5% higher top line. Although you will, at times, see a multiplier of that, because the 5% increase in top line typically allows you to invest, let's say in more variable marketing channels. So a 5% increase in conversion will actually result in a higher increase in top line as a result of -- depending on what variable marketing channels you have available to you. But there's no kind of call it, easy one-to-one relationship there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: You guessed it right, Kevin. We're happy to have them in the marketplace, and other than that, we can't comment. We value that relationship, and hopefully, it's a relationship that we can continue within. Obviously, we wouldn't be back in business with each other, unless both of us were satisfied with the terms of the deal going forward.
Dara Khosrowshahi: No timing yet. We're working on particulars and if we have something to announce, we'll certainly announced it.
Dara Khosrowshahi: My mother actually called them. No. Kevin, again, I don't want to get into specifics. I think that it is in our interest to carry full inventory. It's an airline's interest to have as broad distribution as we can have. So broadly, I think to the extent we can come to terms with each other, we can all make more money, especially in this environment with higher fuel prices, et cetera. So other than that, I won't make a comment. I think, listen, I don't this is a deal where either party can declare a victory. I think it was a fair deal and hopefully, it can lead to bigger and better things.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, as far as Google ITA goes, we don't have the detail of exactly what the conditions mean. We think that the Justice Department taking a position that the merger needed conditions in order to go forward, we think that's an appropriate position, and we agree with that. And obviously, we're interested in Google's kind of go forward action, and whether the Justice Department, or the FDC, or the EU looks into their action and into their actions and kind of their general market power. So we don't think that this is the end of the story, and we'll be an interested participant, and at the same time, we're a partner of Google's, and we expect to take advantage of the new products that they deliver and we're aggressive advertisers in their marketplaces. As far as their -- the new product that we expect from them, Places, et cetera, I'd say things haven't changed really. Google is an advertiser, and to the extent that we've got great brands and great inventory and a site that converts, we'll be able to bid aggressively and competitively on the leads that they send us. So more leads from Google is a good thing, and we think we'll be getting more leads from Google for some time to come. As far as the investments in Asia Pacific products, et cetera, I'd say you will see it in the international numbers over time. Asia Pacific is still a relatively small portion of our business. But it is -- we're at a position now where we're slightly profitable, essentially breakeven. And our interest right now is to grow the platform in the Asia Pacific market. It's as we are building up revenue to reinvest that revenue in marketing, reinvest that revenue back into technology, et cetera. We think that the joint venture with AirAsia is a terrific platform to grow off of, and we're seeing really, really good results out of both TripAdvisor and Hotels.com in the Asia Pacific region. And we will try to give you little nuggets of information, et cetera, but right now, I'd say that the international health that you see on the revenue side, it's certainly partially due to the efforts that we're making in the Asia Pacific region. And last but not the least, we're very, very happy with the strides that eLong has made in China. We've got a great management team in place there, laser-focused on the hotel market there. They're laser-focused on online hotel, driving the Online Hotel business, and we're seeing very healthy room night growth and I think we'll see that for sometime to come.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. As far as headcount goes, it's a great question. We're actually careful to bring in the effort that's needed to build out these platforms is a fixed headcount internal employees and also, variable headcount as well. And so like you said, to the extent that you're going to have a significant increase in throughput needed to build out this platform, we don't want to bring all of this throughput -- 100% of the throughput in-house, because what do we do with those folks once the work is done? So because we're bringing in some of that throughput through variable headcount, we should be able to, to the extent that we don't find other projects for these folks to do, we should be able to take down the variable headcount and kind of get into a more normal mode of operation. And also, I agree with you, you're never done with these kinds of things. I would say that, the new platform that we are building is fundamentally architected in a different way from the older platform, it's much more of a service-oriented architecture. It's much more flexible, et cetera. So I would hope that we don't have to go through the kind of the fundamental rearchitecting, as well as the rebuilding of the platform that we're going through now in the future. We're strongly architecting it so that we don't have to go through this again. At the same time, we will have to have a certain percentage of our throughput working on the platform improving it so that we don't get into this situation again. As far as the APAC supply, we are -- last year, we increased our supply on a worldwide basis very, very aggressively. And one thing that we did say is that we would focus more on building out demand into the base of hotels that we have. This is both in Europe and in the Asia Pacific markets. In general, our supply in the Asia Pacific markets have been growing nicely, it's over 30%. And we are sending volume into these hotels, which is very, very important. Is it aggressive enough, et cetera? I think sometimes, with the opportunity in that market, you never feel like it's aggressive enough. And we certainly feel the competition from not just Priceline and Agoda, but a lot of the local players out there, the [indiscernible] trips of the world, the [indiscernible] of the world. But it's such a large market that we don't think it's a winner-take-all market. We think there'll be 3, 4, 5, or 6 players who are solidly profitable. And we think we've built a platform where we can be one of those players as well. Lastly, on places, we really haven't had that much feedback from hotels on Google Places. I share with you that the product I think can improve a lot, but Google is a great consumer product company, and I would expect them to improve it. And I think the challenge for us, for the TripAdvisor team, et cetera, is to make sure that our specialized vertical products stays ahead of, call it, their more generalized product. And I think that's certainly something that we're up for.
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just thanks for joining, and thank you for the -- to the Expedia employee base for everything you've put into Q1, and hopefully, we'll have good things to report to you in the next quarter and for the balance of the year. Thank you.
