Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. So I think there's 2 pieces to that question. One on couponing, the other on loyalty. If it's couponing, if you're talking about the competitive pricing actions, I think listen, going forward, when we see ADR and ATPs such as they have been, you could expect to see that happening. Now ADR growth has slowed down a little bit. So it's potentially in 2012 you can see that item easing. But it's tough to say, you'll have to see how things unfold. On loyalty, the thing that's really impacting that item in this quarter, last quarter is the fact that we didn't have the Expedia program last, last year at this time. So you've got to -- you basically got a really difficult comp. Now that program was rolled out in probably Q1, really part of Q2. And so as we roll through 2012, the comps on that front will get easier. We also saw an expanded rollout of the Hotels.com program, which, again, is to some extent a onetime item. That happened basically in Q4. So again, you'll see that with a little bit tougher comps throughout 2012. I will say with loyalty as one of those items that as these programs mature, they start to harden up. And until that happens, you can sometimes see fluctuations in the loyalty accruals, which certainly we did see last quarter.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Naved, we haven't seen too much change. Last time we talked to you, we said we saw some spotty weakness in Southern Europe as far as the economies and the effect on travel spend, and we haven't seen much change there. I think the significant change in Europe between Q3 and Q4 are foreign exchange rates that really started going against us fairly significantly in Q4 with all the news coming out of Europe. But operationally, European room nights, et cetera, generally were stable. I'd say Expedia in Q4 had a bit of a weaker quarter in Europe than what you saw in Q3, but I think that was more of an Expedia issue versus a macro issue.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. So there's a couple of things driving that. One is we have seen particularly with Hotels.com exceptionally strong growth in the U.S. And the U.S. is a market that is much more chain-heavy than Europe. So that's one driver. That said, we've also seen pretty strong performance by the chains in Europe. But I think it was -- if we could pin it on something, it would probably be growth in the U.S. And just, listen, those good partners of ours utilizing our channel effectively.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. The Groupon partnership at this point is too small a contributor to the full business. We're very happy with our partnership with Groupon. I think they announced pretty amazing results maybe yesterday. And so -- but at this point, it's just too small to move the needle overall. I would say eLong, for example, in China, as it gets to be a larger percentage of our overall volume, could move the average ADRs. And in general, we are also working on other kind of flash sale-type products. Expedia has a great product called ASAP, which is a fun, amazing price. Travel-Ticker is a nice business as well. Those businesses, I think, are already at a larger scale and over time, could affect the balance of ADRs going forward. So Groupon isn't significant yet, hopefully it will be.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Eric [ph], sure. It is a mix. Generally, the biggest driver there is Hotwire, with their opaque rates. Again, they've got a very price-sensitive customer. And in environments like this, they do drive significant volume through discount. And so that would be the primary driver. There is a few other things, call it, scattered around the world, but mostly the U.S.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And as far as the buyback question, I think -- listen, look at what we've done in the past. I think our capital philosophy as a company hasn't changed, which is we create very significant cash flow. We will allocate that cash to the best use of cash. And over the past couple of years, because of the health of our cash flow that there's been a mix of M&A and buybacks. We very much believe in reducing our share count over the long term, and that should not change on a go-forward basis. We'll be opportunistic. But over the long term, I think you should expect to see buyback activity from us.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the chain hotels, listen, they're working on their own initiatives. But our relationships with the chain hotels on the ground remain very, very strong. And obviously, our volume remains quite strong. I think that the chain hotels view their business very similarly to how we view our business, which is you want to make sure that you have a balance of direct business and you want to make sure that you are getting as much share as you can from the large marketing channels out there. So would I rather have a direct booker than a booker from Google? I'd rather have a direct booker, but I'm doing everything that I can to build a relationship with Google, make sure we're great at search engine marketing, make sure we're great at SEO, et cetera. And I think the chains are doing the same thing with us, which is we're seeing very good work with them. We have great merchandising partnerships with them and we run terrific promotions with them and we don't see that changing. And I think they're doing exactly what they should be doing, which is making sure that they've got a good balance with direct business as well. This is a very, very large industry. It is a global business, and I think during this recovery, you're seeing businesses like ours grow and you're seeing the chains grow. And the point is that in this kind of economic recovery, travel is a great place to allocate capital, and travel companies are going to grow. So I don't see a significant risk there as long as we do what we're doing, which is provide a great product for our consumers everywhere and being great partners for our suppliers.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'm not, as long as we grow volume, as long as we build great service for consumers. I think we've demonstrated to you that we've been able to growth room nights at healthy rates. And as long as we grow room nights at healthy rates, I think the revenue will follow. As far as the second question, as far as enplanements being soft in airlines. In general, we are seeing some pricing softness from our car partners. The good news is that we're seeing very, very strong opaque inventory on the Hotwire side, and that business is really doing quite well. We're also seeing a lot of competition from what I would call tier 2 and tier 3 vendors as far as pricing against the top brands out there, which is hitting pricing to some extent. The car companies, I think, the fleets are at appropriate size, but I think the car companies have to be a bit more aggressive on pricing in order to get kind of the utilization of the fleets to where they need to be. So that -- those are the trends that we're seeing on the car business. We don't expect those trends to change going forward.
Dara Khosrowshahi: So on the -- the impact of loyalty contra revenue, I don't want to give specific numbers. But if you thought about that for the quarter as going high-single digits, low-double digits, you'd be in the right ballpark. So not a massive number yet. But in low periods like this -- is the programs we're building that can have a pretty significant impact. In terms of FX declines impacting U.S. volume, we haven't seen a lot of that yet. And I think it's tough to tell. The FX rates were just so, so volatile that it's difficult to see where things will settle out and what will happen. But we haven't really seen that impact.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. I think in general, ADR growth has been fairly healthy in both the U.S. and Europe. I would say, kind of low single-digits growth. And it's been fairly consistent. European ADRs did take a negative kind of -- the growth rate in European ADRs slowed down because of FX, foreign exchange. The same went for APAC. So I would say on a same currency basis, things didn't change. But on a U.S. currency basis, the international ADRs that were quite strong at the beginning of the year became less strong in Q4. But again, that's not a fundamental issue. That is purely a foreign exchange issue. As far as CPCs go, we see CPCs, in general, we haven't seen very significant movement on CPCs in most of our different marketing segments. In general, we've seen CPCs move up and down with ADRs and we're not seeing significant change in that area.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Ross, on the room night growth. Listen, all other things being equal, when E3 is complete, I would expect to see room night growth accelerate for Expedia, not only standalone room nights but especially packaged room nights that have been a negative factor. And I would hope to see that in the second half of the year. Again, we haven't done it. But that's why we're investing the way that we are on the technology side. We're not going to make predictions on where Hotels.com, the room night growth and our private label room night growth are going to go, which other than saying that they have been healthy. Hotels.com has already lapped the big increase in acceleration in room nights that it experienced. So the lapping has already happened. And Hotels.com has continued to maintain high revenue -- sorry, room night growth. And hopefully, with execution, we'd expect to see that continue on a go-forward basis. But again, we know that we have to prove that out to you. I think the Q4 room night number was really healthy, and I think it was really healthy without Expedia hitting on all cylinders. So if we can hit on all cylinders, we could see things get better. But those are a lot of ifs at this point. And Mark, do you want to talk on...
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, the big thing is the seasonality combined with the fact that in 2011 we brought on a significant number of technology heads through the quarter. So you've got the confluence of 2 things conspiring against us in Q4, which is our lowest seasonal revenue combined with really tough expense comps. So that's the biggest, really impact in Q1.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. As far as market share in the U.S., it's tough to tell. What we can say is that our U.S. room night volume remains quite healthy. And we haven't seen any change in the growth there. So to the extent that Booking.com is taking share, they're either taking share from supplier direct or offline or some of the other players. We're certainly not feeling it. We take them very, very seriously. They're a major, major competitor of ours, not only here in the U.S. but worldwide. But as we've said before, there's plenty of room for -- in this marketplace, especially as long as we've got the tailwind of Internet penetration behind us. And I will add that, again, when you step back and you look at the U.S. market, our share of the U.S. lodging market has gone -- has grown from low single digits to 5% over the past few years, and it continues to grow. And to us, that's the most important factor as far as market share goes. As far as update on Marriott renegotiations, we don't comment on individual renegotiations with any of our large partners at any point in time. We are probably in discussions with a significant partner. We do have some key renewals this year. And once we're done with those renewals, we'll certainly report back to you on that.
Dara Khosrowshahi: It's too soon to tell as far as TripAdvisor goes. We have taken some of our CPCs down from where we were when we were combined companies certainly. I'd say especially on the Expedia side. As Mark said, Expedia's marketing spend has come down year-on-year. But we are in kind of in the middle of measuring the relative volume effect relative to the increases or decreases in CPCs there, and we're right in the middle of it. So I think it's too soon to tell. I think our CPCs will settle out with TripAdvisor as the year moves on. They're an incredibly valuable partner to us. They continue to grow the channel. And with the amount of content that they have and their worldwide expansion, they are going to be a bigger part of ours 5 years from now than they are today. As far as our marketing ROI, the best ROI that we get on our marketing spend is bringing consumers directly to the site. It's the brand investments. Its investments that we're making in e-mail, et cetera. The difficulty in those investments is you don't see the direct ROI on those investments. So the strategy that we have is to keep investing in the variable channels, keep increasing our efficiency, hopefully, in those variable channels as we operationalize conversion improvements, and just how good we are in those variable channels. And then try to convert more and more of those consumers to our loyalty programs into direct consumers. It's a lot to do, but we think it's a sound strategy, and we're executing on itas we speak.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. So I don't want to get into eLong numbers, of course they haven't announced yet. Of course they were healthy through Q3, and they continue to be a pretty significant part of our overall room nights. I think -- listen, generally, that when we grow into APAC and Lat-Am regions, that movement into those markets could generally blend down our revenue per room night. And again, we're fine with that. We view those markets as very attractive. Generally, the marketing economics go with the revenue economics. So on a contribution basis, we're completely fine with that impact happening and we're driving to the global opportunity, and those markets are a big piece of that.
Dara Khosrowshahi: We theoretically could. But those are 2 separate economic relationships, and we're pretty pure about separating those businesses. Our private label business, the business that powers Delta and Continental United now, is essentially a standalone business of ours. It reports directly to me. It has its own technology team. It has its own profit and loss statement. It goes out and captures any and all business that it can, including business that could be competitive with the brands here versus the competition, which are often kind of the ugly siblings of the brand. This is an independent team that got their own technology. They're building amazing technology out there. They're growing room nights really fast, accelerating through 2011. And we think that this strategy could be a unique differentiator for us in the long term. So what I don't want to get in -- do is get in the way of that team that's executing incredibly well and mix up their issues with other issues that we may be having with Google or airlines, et cetera. Frankly, I want to stay the heck out of the way of those guys because they're doing great. So I don't want to mix the 2, and we have lots of different relationships with the airlines and Google, and hopefully we can resolve those relationships kind of on their own.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Boy, that's a great question. We've got a great -- lots of great questions. Listen, it's tough to say. I think what I would say is that generally, we do very well in, call it, the slack economic periods, which is when it really hits the bottom, we get a lot of volume, but we get lower revenue per transaction, so we do okay. And at the top, when the travel market generally is at high capacities and ADRs and ATPs are at their peak, again, we're not at our best. But in between those periods, we generally do pretty darn well. If I had to peg where we were right now, it's not the bottom, it's not the top, but it's certainly somewhere in between, and I think that's where we like to be.
Dara Khosrowshahi: The big, call it, abnormal chunk of that related to option adjustments in connection with the spinoff of TripAdvisor.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, otherwise trends would have been normal. Again, people that had unvested options essentially got doubled down in Expedia options when TripAdvisor spun off.
Dara Khosrowshahi: It's a good question. I think we view metasearch as a complementary product to our product, and ultimately friend. Our metasearch partners have been big partners for us for many, many years, including Kayak in the U.S., a number of metasearch players in Europe. They serve a different customer than our core customer who likes what we do and come back to us day after day after day. And they open us up to a set of customers that we can convert into kind of repeat customers for Expedia. Now again, it's similar to what I said about Google. Would I rather have a customer come to us directly? Yes, I would. But that doesn't mean I'm going to close myself off to millions of customers who come to metasearch sites on a daily basis. We want to be -- have our unfair share in every single channel out there, and metasearch is a really important channel, and we think will continue to be a growing channel for us.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Just special thanks to Expedia employees. We had a tough year in 2011, a lot of people worked very hard especially on the TripAdvisor spin. So thank you to everyone, and looking forward to how we do in 2012.
Mark Okerstrom: Naved, I'd also add that when we get in early into markets, for example, the Asia Pacific markets, because we have global deals with chains, we have instant chain inventory and very high-quality chain inventory in those markets. And then typically we go into the market and we fill out, not only the chain inventory with independents, et cetera. So when we talk about the Asia Pacific markets, for example, and we're seeing lots of acceleration there, we're adding inventory there, the chains do get a good bit of market share in those marketplaces. Then we'll look to fill up the independent hotels as well. But right now, we've got very good relationships with the chains. They are -- they merchandise quite effectively in our marketplace. And we find that the supply partners who have the closest relationships with our market managers on the ground tend to merchandise pretty effectively and they get an unfair share of our demand, and the chains are doing a really good job of that.
Mark Okerstrom: We're also, in general, we're testing customer sensitivity to package pricing. And in general, we're working on our revenue management with packages pretty aggressively. But that's a worldwide endeavor. It's in the U.S., it's in Europe and it's in the Asia Pacific regions as well.
Mark Okerstrom: Listen, I don't want to get into specific, call it by brand, by region performance. What I will say, though, is that Hotels.com has got a pretty effective formula that works around the world. I think they are -- they're going significantly in the U.S., a pretty mature market. They're seeing very healthy growth rates in Europe. They're seeing really nice growth rates in Asia Pacific and have had a lot of success in Brazil and other parts of Latin America. So I would say that the Hotels.com business, although certainly growing faster in Asia Pacific and faster in Latin America than the other regions, has really got a formula that's working globally. And I think if you look -- just to give you a few numbers, in Asia Pacific, that growth is triple digit. So it's pretty significant, and they have seen acceleration quarter-to-quarter. So there's still plenty of opportunity there, lots of headroom, big markets, they've got a formula that just seems to be working.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes, sure. So, Ross, on the margin revenue margin decline of 240 bps, on a year-on-year basis, there's a few things going on there. One is you've got essentially the same impact from the revenue per room night decline. So the same drivers that I mentioned on that front. You've also got a tough comp on the air side because in that number is also the Q4 2010 essentially pull in of revenue that you're comping over. So those things basically hit it. So there are certainly some one-timers in that decline, nothing significant to report on actual like-for-like margin declines in terms of renegotiations with partners, particularly on the hotel side, there is obviously some headwind. On the air side, although, generally, that's been less palpable in the merchant air side of the thing.
Mark Okerstrom: And we think it's almost like charging up a battery because over time, as those consumers move into more mid-market and higher-market hotels, we will get the benefit of those revenue per room night increasing over a long, long period of time. While short term, it's pressure. Long term, we think it creates almost stored-up earnings over along period of time.
