Peter Kern: Yes. So three good questions. Lots of material there. Thanks, Naved. And you can call me anytime if you miss my voice. The first on Vrbo, I would say, if you think about what we were doing at the tail end of last year, we were pushing to 100% migration, the app, everything moved over. And I think as we told you, everybody, these steps come with expected conversion degradation because you can't get everything to par. It takes forever. You have to move everything and start working on the new product. So we did that. I'd say that degradation was broadly in line or slightly better than what we hoped, but it was still there. And when you're doing that, you obviously are not investing as heavily in terms of marketing because you're marketing people into a less converting product. So you kind of tend to back off on that spend because the spend becomes less efficient. As you now get to a place where the product is ramping back up very quickly and we've clawed back much of the conversion, which is I think the green shoots you're referring to. So we're actually gaining much faster than at least in my tenure I've ever seen us gain back in terms of one of these transitions. And the product is basically virtually back to the same levels of conversion. Now we can push back in and spend again. There is a little bit of a lag there because you've been underspending, if you will, for a bit waiting for the product to get to where it's converting as strongly. Now we are spending back up. So it will take a little time to get the engines fully operational, if you will, but it's more or less a sequence we expected to happen. It's just you're seeing it on our numbers now. As far as One Key goes, I think you said, am I satisfied with what we're seeing? I'd say I'm satisfied. It's still early days. I mean, we're seeing a lot of the indicators we want to see, as I alluded to, cross shopping is good. We're seeing one of the things we hope to achieve was getting Hotels.com customers who had fewer than 10 stamps, people who hadn't gotten to earn anything yet, to be more engaged with the product. And we're seeing their repeat rates improve and their business improve. We're starting to see Vrbo customers earn and now burn their one key rewards not only on Vrbo, but other places. But again, those cycles are a bit long. So it will take longer for the millions of people who have now earned One Key cash on Vrbo who didn't used to, to come back and spend it because they may not rent a house for six months or a year. But that is where we're laying in that opportunity with our customer base, and then we're crossing that opportunity across the brands, and we're seeing good signs across shopping and people starting to use more brands. So that's all consistent with what we hoped, but this isn't, it's not a switch you flip. When you talk about travel timing, many people only travel once or twice a year, so it takes a little time, and we're building that in. So all good so far, but looking forward to it being even much more impactful over time. And then international expansion. We're not detailing which countries we're doing exactly when for competitive reasons, but One Key will roll out, we will push back into a number of markets that were historically pretty strong for us, and have stayed reasonably strong, but we just think we have a lot of opportunity. And then we will have some tests into some markets that we haven't been as invested in historically, where we think there's opportunity with the new product, new marketing approaches, etcetera. So a lot of exciting opportunity on the international front. It's not all dependent on One Key. We think there's opportunity regardless, but in the markets where it's relevant, where we have multiple brands that have high brand awareness, we will be launching One Key there, and we think it will only enhance that.
Peter Kern: Yes, sure. I mean, I think I tried to capture it in my comments, but when this started, the idea was for me to come in for a period of time and sort of ride the ship, put us where we wanted to be, and then build the team and make sure we had the people to take it forward for the next generation, as it were. And the transformation turned into a bigger, I bit off more than I thought I was going to, and it was a bigger job than I thought it was, and I had my doubts a year ago, but we've made so much progress, and as I stared at, and the board and I stared at, should I go further, etcetera? I love this company, I love the category, I love my team. We've built an amazing group here, but I built it so that they could take it forward, and there's never a right time, but hopefully this is a good time to transition. We're fortunate to have Ariane, we're fortunate to have all the people around her that we've brought in or have been here many years, and I just think the company's ready, and I'll be here till May, I'll be busting my butt till then. I don't know how to do it a different way, but, and look, we still, transformations are never done, the work is never done, there isn't like an end date, and it's like, good, we did number 100 on our list of 100 things to do, but we've just made so much progress that I think the company's in a good place for it, and it felt like the right time for everybody.
Peter Kern: Yes, I think basically you can assume we anticipate growing out of this consistently across the year. Fourth quarter will be higher than third quarter, higher than second quarter, higher than first quarter. So we expect to continue growing. I think as I alluded to, conversion is now basically back to where it was before we did all this, but we didn't do it to get to even. We did it to get to materially better, and now Vrbo can benefit, and the reason it's going as quickly as it is we have lots of winning tests, if you will, that we used on the broader OTA platform that are also winners for Vrbo. So we're able to take a lot of our winning experiments, move them over to Vrbo, and get that humming again, but we continue to go further, and as I alluded to, our ability to multiply our test and learn capacity in a material way, both in speed and in breadth, is really changing how we do things. So now when we have tests many of our tests we launch across all our brands across all our platforms all devices And we just couldn't do that before so the speed of improvement we expect to continue to accelerate that will enhance all the brands, but Vrbo is the one that has a hole to dig out of, that were the most recent hole to dig out of and so we expect that to continue to grow we expect the investment back into the brand to continue to have impact. We expect the cross shopping effect of having the H com and Expedia customers being able to use their One Key cash number about to have an effect. So all of that we expect to continue to build throughout the year, but we shot our own foot off on purpose Late last year we pulled back on spend because we thought that was the rational thing to do given the conversion situation and now we're leaning back in and it's really as simple as that except we expect to improve faster in product and I still think we have the best-in-class marketing full stop in our category And when we go back on offense it will take hold and both of those things will work together.
Peter Kern: Yes, I mean I'd say broadly working backwards I don't think their investments of time calories to be made. But in terms of investments of money and capital, I think we're on the other side of that hill and we expect to be able to do things more efficiently going forward. But if you talk about One Key and the product itself as I say like, One Key is a great way to create stickiness within our environment, but you might have heard me mention that we've we finally migrated all our CRM virtually 100% of our CRM and the brands to our new unified messaging platform that platform allows us to do things much faster to communicate with customers. So whether we have One Key benefits whether we have new, new offerings in One Key whether there are One Key bonuses, all the things we can use to merchandise and keep people and use One Key to be the glue that keeps members sticky. And remember, member members get more than just One Key They get member discounts in the product and in many of the products were expanding that every day We now have deeper discounts for silver and gold. And so there's just a lot of things to keep them in, but it's important to be able obviously to communicate with them in the most modern ways and that's what our new single messaging platform allows us to do. And then you add on to that, this kind of goes to the broader point as we've woven, we've improved the products, we've added new features, but I say you said what am I most excited about? It's really machine learning and AI plumbed into essentially the entire product experience, because what that gets you is effectively a personalized experience for every customer and that's from the front end basic shopping flows as I mentioned to post-booking to CRM and everything else and the more we can connect and now that we have a single identity for our customers, and now that we can use that data to give them the best experience we're seeing some of our best wins now just as algorithms improve and learn and new versions come out whether it's to optimize pictures or content or what you see in what order what filters are applied like those kinds of things that we can now do at scale That is what I'm most excited about. I mean, we have lots of cool features. we have all kinds of things going on to improve the air shopping experience the package shopping experience. You name it, but really at its core. I think having plumbed in the AI and ML we can now do so much more, so much more quickly and it will feel to the consumer like a much more customized experience that's relevant to them. And I think that's inherently sticky in a way that frankly travel products have not historically been in our space. So that's what I'm most excited about.
Peter Kern: Yes, sure, Lee, and thanks for your thoughts. It has been a couple of crazy years. I would say a few things. Sort of working backwards, I think, obviously we've seen VR continue to be healthy even post pandemic as habits have shifted. However, there's like VR within VR. So Urban has done better. We are not heavily weighted to Urban. Some of our competitors are. I think that's what you mean by the evolving landscape. Obviously Airbnb has always been there. Booking has been doing more with that product. Again, largely, as best we can tell, focused and benefiting from the Urban side of VR or alternative accommodations. We're still squarely situated in our core markets. We haven't made a big decision to pivot to Urban, but one of the things that's enabled by all the migrations we're doing that will come this year, we have a bunch of multi-unit VR inventory on our OTA brands that is not on Vrbo. And we still have some Vrbo content that is not on our OTA brand. So there's still opportunity to do more in sharing the inventory we already possess. We've had no shortage of finding inventory, and I think housing market issues and other things probably make that macro easier now. It's really just changing habits. Now, our hedge against renting a mountain house or a beach house is, of course, renting a hotel or resort room as the alternative, and we've participated very well in that, and we feel good about our position there. But I think we feel very good about Vrbo. We needed to get the product to a new place. We are now firmly on that journey. I don't think we gave space to anybody. I think we have a good brand. We have an improving product that I have no doubt will be best-in-class. And we just have to get back on offense. And again, this is one of those places where you had to take a pause, go slow to go fast. And the slow part always hurts a little, but if you don't do it, you can never go fast. So we're in a good spot now, and I think we just have to accelerate out of it. And I don't worry about the supply situation, and I don't really think we're losing ground to other competitors who have some super sticky product. And over time, we should have the stickiest product because our product comes with loyalty, and our loyalty is usable across any travel product. So I think that's a winning combination. We just got to keep pounding it home now, and now that we have the product to get behind, we will do that.
Peter Kern: Yes, sure. Thanks, Jed. So on the marketing front, yes. In the U.S., you will see all the brands advertised used to be far more brands. We're down to those core three and we believe in those three. I think, we're still trying to find the balance between, can they be advertised as one or do they need to be advertised as three? And what is the best way to penetrate? So I would think of that as sort of a we're on our own learning journey about what we can do, how we can help people see them as a family of products that work together. And we continue to try to optimize, be it on television, which is what you're seeing or in programmatic, or frankly, even in meta search and so forth. So we're constantly working to see what the optimum way to drive those are. But I will say in the rest of the world, we have made very conscious decisions of where we will maintain one brand or if we think it's worth it, two or three brands and what we will do there. And we will lean heavily into a high bar for there to be more than one. There has to be real brand affinity and other things that are driving that continuation of the second brand. So especially now that conceivably any of our brands could have all or any lines of business and that's not that hard for us to do. So the opportunity to take, for example, a market that is a predominant Hotel.com market and potentially add car and air and other packages and other things is within our gift now. And so we can make quite different decisions about do we need to be in with Expedia just to have air or something else? So that's really a big opportunity for us and allows us to simplify how we think about those decisions and in some ways not replicate some of the complexity we've made for ourselves over the years. So that's a work in progress. But, all those things are effective and we're working to optimize all the time on the best way to communicate that. Maybe Julie can say something about the…
Peter Kern: And I would just add. That's always been the plot that we wanted. This wasn't just to build cool new things. This was also to build them the right way and be efficient in how we did it. And that's the opportunity that the transformation has also provided for us. And we're excited to be on that side of it, too, not just from an experience standpoint, but from an efficiency standpoint.
Peter Kern: Yes, Mark, I'll give you a quick answer. I think we sort of addressed some of it already. But basically, the Vrbo transition to the unified stack is more of just a, an execution thing. I think what it gives us is the opportunity now to accelerate Vrbo in terms of feature and test and learn and grow faster, as I mentioned to the rest of the group. We dug a hole, we knew we would. When we moved it to the new stack, the conversion would go down. We have been digging out of that hole. We're about back to par. But we didn't do it to get to par. We did it to accelerate far past that. And now we have the opportunity in Vrbo riding on the same rail as the other brands, gets the benefit of all the testing, shared testing opportunities, winners that we found other places and so forth. So we're excited about the progression of that product, but it had to go through the bad to get to the good. As far as One Key goes, I also mentioned, we feel very good about the early indicators. Yes, there is more cross shopping. Yes, we're seeing more repeat from certain pools of customers that we thought would benefit from this, like hotels.com customers who had less than 10 stamps in our old system and people, if you will, who hadn't earned any benefit. Now they have benefit and they're coming back more. And that's what we want to see. But as I also mentioned, while millions of people have earned One Key cash on Vrbo, a small percentage of them have re-spent it. And that just has to do with the cycles of the booking windows for Vrbo and that people rarely book more than once or twice a year. So we've got to get those, we expect to see those people back in. That's why I've said we've built up this value and now that value needs to be realized as they come back direct later, as they use that One Key cash across other brands with more cross shopping, like that's the dream. And of course getting Expedia and hotels.com members to use their One Key cash on Vrbo, which we've also seen. But again, those cycles aren't every month. People do that once, twice a year. So we're seeing good early signals, but it's all building. And that's why I'm excited. Like it's going to be a slow build, but it's going to be a great sticky thing for us over time. And again, we'll keep more and more people as we get more of the right people in, as we keep more of them, and as they get to use all of our products. And again, we capture more wallet share from them. That's what we're pushing for.
