Mark Okerstrom: Thanks, Michael. We're pleased to come out of the gate strong in 2019 with robust profit growth and solid momentum. Now into the second year of our transformation, teams across Expedia Group are more aligned and collaborating more than ever as we execute against our key strategic themes, being customer-centric, being locally relevant on a global basis and speeding up the pace of innovation and execution. With these strategic themes serving as the foundation, Q1 saw a continuation of the operating momentum we built through 2018 in our core OTA segment. Q1 core OTA room night growth was healthy and, adjusted for the Easter impact, was a bit faster than we saw in Q4. We have a playbook in place and execution is continuously improving. Focused geographic expansion supported by rapid customer and partner-centric user innovation, locally relevant content, broad inventory assortment at excellent prices and disciplined data-driven marketing and investments add up to a formula that we believe can deliver sustained share gains and balanced growth for a long time to come. We remain pleased with our supply acquisition efforts, a key part of our playbook. Our elevated pace of new property acquisition continued in Q1 and we are on track to add a healthy number of new properties in 2019. We ended the first quarter with over 1.1 million properties on our core lodging platform, including approximately 460,000 integrated Vrbo listings as we continue to make progress unlocking the potential of our alternative accommodations inventory on our core OTA brands. As you have likely noticed, we refreshed the brand positioning of Vrbo. With high consumer awareness and brand loyalty, Vrbo is our strongest alternative accommodation brand and accounts for a majority of our U.S. business in the space. Vrbo will now be Expedia Group's primary global alternative accommodation brand and we intend to expand Vrbo to international markets in phases. We spent the last several quarters laying the groundwork for this shift. Although we are confident in our direction, our streamlining of brands and platforms has put increased near-term pressure on SEO trends, which has contributed to the deceleration we have seen in Vrbo's gross bookings growth. Despite this near-term slowdown, consolidating the bulk of our efforts behind the Vrbo brand globally and operating on a unified, world-class e-commerce platform will allow us to maximize our potential in alternative accommodations in the coming years. In addition to the refreshed brand, we launched several new product features, including Trip Boards, a customer-centric collaboration tool for family and friends traveling in groups. We also re-launched the mobile app to enhance the overall customer experience. We still have a lot of work to do, but these branding changes and new product features are all aimed at strengthening our competitive positioning over the long term. And we are optimistic that we can deliver healthy growth and remain a global leader in alternative accommodations for many years to come. Egencia posted solid double-digit room night growth in the first quarter, although FX had a pronounced negative impact on gross bookings and revenue given Egencia's significant international mix. This strong room night growth reflects benefits from our supply acquisition efforts and enhancements in Egencia's product experience that are driving an encouraging increase in our hotel attach rate. Continued innovation at Egencia, combined with a robust customer pipeline, give us confidence that we will continue to gain share in the corporate travel market. Trivago continues to execute well on their marketing optimization efforts, delivering strong profits for the third consecutive quarter. As Trivago discussed on its call yesterday, with its marketplace approaching stabilization and as they fully lap last year's changes and the team's plan to lean back into certain marketing channels, we expect them to return to revenue growth in the back half of the year and to deliver on their profit expectations in 2019. All in, we're pleased with our Q1 results and happy with the progress we're making against our key strategic themes. The opportunity ahead of us is large and our potential enormous. While we still have a lot of work ahead, we're carrying excellent operating momentum, which we intend to build on as we move through 2019 and beyond. With that, I'll turn it over to Alan.
Mark Okerstrom: Listen, with respect to Vrbo, not V-R-B-O, Vrbo's deceleration, yes, listen, I think it's largely company-specific factors. If you take a look at the place where we are actually focusing our effort, which is the Vrbo brand in the U.S., that business was up nicely double digits and growing healthily. And really, what's causing the deceleration is a combination of the brand streamlining we've been doing, the re-platforming we've been doing, as well as just more difficult comps. So the underlying fundamentals of the business we think remain strong. 2019 is going to be one of these years though until we get the SEO trends moving in the right direction from pulling some of these replatforming moves and we can really start investing much more aggressively on the urban opportunity, on the international opportunity, that we might just see some moderated growth rates here for a number of quarters and until we move to the back part of the year. With respect to hotel take rates, listen, we have been very clear that with respect to, particularly our large global chains, that we were done resetting our compensation rates. That is, in fact, the case. And I would just say that the overall dialogue with our global chain partners has just become significantly more constructive over the course of the last couple of years. I think that we have all recognized that we all play a unique role in this ecosystem. It turns out this Internet thing is here to stay and the big global marketplaces and platforms, of which Expedia Group and travel is kind of one of the biggest ones, we're here to stay. And we have a lot of value to create, but also our partners who deliver incredible customer services and unique products, they have a lot of value to bring, too. And so the dialogue has shifted away from us versus you and how do we redivide this pie toward how do we actually expand the pie? How do we actually create new sources of value and both participate in that in a way that is accretive to both of us? We're super pleased with the way that that has gone with virtually all of our global chains. We're very pleased with the Marriott arrangement that we made. I think they are, too. And I'm hopeful that this is a sign of things to come across all of our global partnerships across all of our product categories.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. I'll take first one and then Alan will take the second one. On Europe, we did call out on our Q4 call that we were seeing some weakness in outbound U.K. travel and inbound U.K. travel. That really was something that was a theme for the quarter. I think as April unfolded, it was really hard to tell with the Easter timing. Certainly, as the Brexit date has been extended out, there are, anecdotally, reports of better economic activity in the U.K. and we're hopeful that will translate into better trends, but it was a factor in the quarter. With respect to the rest of Europe, I would say, generally, it looks stable to us. There's always puts and takes from time to time, but it generally looks good. And I think we're going to get a good read here in May and June as we move into the high season, how things are generally looking out, but so far, so good.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes, sure. I think the marketing investments that we made in '17 and '18 were largely in two primary buckets. One was really ramping up our performance marketing efforts as we transition the business from being a listings business to being a real transactional business. That created a great opportunity for us to really build best-in-class capabilities there. We're very pleased with the results that we've seen, but as we went into the first quarter, we started to lap really the big push there. And so that was a moderating factor on growth, but it is still a source of growth. The other place was that we started to concentrate particularly our brand investments against the, at that time, the VRBO brand, now the Vrbo brand. And again, we saw really strong returns for those investments. And in fact, some of those investments were some of the rationale for us choosing Vrbo as the primary global brand. We were running one television campaign with essentially the same creative, one with Vrbo branding and one with HomeAway, and the Vrbo brand just performed multiples of the performance that we saw with the HomeAway version. And that, along with a bunch of consumer research globally, really drove us to pick that brand. And you can see the results that I mentioned earlier that we are seeing in the Vrbo brand, solid double-digit growth. And I think that's a testament to the marketing investments, but also just the whole consumer experience improvements that we've made in the Vrbo division generally. And really, the story here is that the things we've done to de-prioritize certain brands, to consolidate platforms both on the consumer side and also on the partner side, are masking some underlying strength and goodness in the core Vrbo brand. I think in terms of what is the steady state for this business, this is a highly popular category. It's definitely growing faster than the overall industry. I think that Vrbo, at real steady state and certainly if we look at the trends that we see, again, against the Vrbo brand here, should be able to grow gross bookings, I think, at multiples the Vrbo brand here, should be able to grow gross bookings, I think, at multiples of the rates that it is right now. It may take us a while a little bit -- it takes a little while to get clear of that as we move through the year, again, because of these other factors, but we think this is a growth category, not only on Vrbo, but also as we move more of the inventory on to our core OTA brands. We think this remains a very attractive category and a very attractive opportunity for us for a long time to come.
Mark Okerstrom: Naved, on the customer retention question, our intention right now is not to shut down HomeAway, but rather just to focus a lot of our marketing and other innovative efforts on Vrbo. So the expectation is that the loyal customers of the HomeAway brand, of which there are many, will continue to enjoy that brand, but on margin, we'll take the bulk of the new customers against the Vrbo brand here in the U.S. and globally. And then, of course, as we get into this, we will probably look at ways where potentially we can incent customers, whether or not it's from HomeAway to Vrbo but certainly with respect to some of the other regional brands in international markets, really start to introduce them to the Vrbo brand in a way that is nonthreatening and gradually move them over.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes. The only other thing I would add to that is we do have a couple of programs that we're seeing great traction on that could aid in our overall monetization and also aid our partners. One is the Accelerator program where we're just getting significantly more sophisticated in providing our tools partners to essential -- our partners tools to essentially get higher placements in the sort order to drive more incremental volume where they want to get it, when they want to get it. And that is something that is getting increased traction. We're happy to see that. And of course, we do have our TravelAds product, which shows up in ad and media, which is also getting strong traction. And you can see that show up in our advertising and media revenue. But I think, as Alan said, I think we feel good about where we are in terms of our margin trajectory. There will be various puts and takes, but we think we're in a good spot.
Mark Okerstrom: And on Europe, I'd say Europe was broadly in line with our expectations, grew broadly in line with the overall rest of the business. We did see nice growth in the domestic markets of most of the major markets probably with the U.K. as an exemption. So that would be the one thing I would call out. But broadly, it was in line with our expectations and, like I said earlier, broadly stable from what we can tell.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So I think, listen, on the air side of things, it's really a tale of two cities. On one side, we've got some very strategic partners that not unlike our global lodging partners, over the last couple of years have really started to work with us on a much more constructive basis, recognizing the value that we bring, the value that they bring and all of the different areas that we can work together to add more value. Honestly, that is probably where the majority of our U.S. carriers are, including the big ones, the competitors of United. And to give you a sense of the breadth of places where we are working together, if you look at the traditional distribution business, the ticketing business, that has evolved significantly over the course of the last five years. Not only are we significantly larger than we've ever been, we've got huge audiences in the hundreds of millions of visitors and customers that we can showcase brands to and showcase products to, but increasingly it's become a very cost-efficient channel as consumer credit card fraud has become an issue, as automation and customer service has become an issue. And if you look at our major carriers, in many cases, we are driving billions and billions and billions and billions of dollars of revenue for them at the same time as doing it with lower fraud cast -- in fact, on fraud protection, we're covering that for our partners. For customer service, we're covering that for our partners. And that can add up to tens, if not more than that, millions of dollars per carrier. We also have great partners like American Airlines where we're working on ways to actually help them reduce their customer service costs. And again, this is just kind of the beginning of things. We're also working with, again, American Airlines on thinking about ways where we can be creative around upselling from economy or basic economy up into higher fare classes. But if you look across Expedia Group, there is more. We've got -- our strategic partners are using our advertising platform to target specific customers, to showcase the unique differentiators that each of our carriers bring to bear. Air Canada has done some really incredible things on this front in conjunction with our MeSo or Media Solutions team. Our Expedia Partner Solutions business drives the hotel portion of many, if not most of the major carriers' dot com websites, including providing them with packaging technology. That's been a really area of value creation. And our Egencia business, fourth largest corporate travel business in the world, has got preferred relationships with the likes of Delta, who's doing some super creative things around status matching, targeting meetings, business and being part of a preferred program. The other new thing I would say is that over the last year or so as we transitioned really into more of a platform company, we found new ways to use our real time review data to help our airline partners understand how they compare with their peers on customer service items, things like check-in experience, in-flight experience, in-flight entertainment, all of these things and enable our partners to drill down literally to the root level and understand how they're performing versus their peers. We've also started working with partners to help provide them with some of our forward-looking demand data for revenue management. And I think, honestly, we're just getting started. So I think when you look at all of that and you think about what our more sophisticated players are doing in the airline space, I just think there's tons of opportunity for us to create value with United with all of our other carriers. I think we're about five months out from contract expiration. We've always been very excited about having this type of discussion with United. But listen, at the end of the day, this is a platform. It has market level economics. And to the extent that United, for whatever reason, decides to go a different direction, no one of our carriers represents more than 1% of our revenue. We've got very strong relationships with our real lead carriers in the U.S. Our customers shop at Expedia because they're largely carrier-agnostic and certainly we have a lot of experience with what happens when we have certain outages or not. But when I look at the value that can be created by expanding the pie as opposed to focusing on dividing it, I think for both strategic and economic reasons, I would find it completely bewildering if United decided to not engage in that discussion. But at the end of the day, they've got to make their choice and we will just move on. And I think United's competitors would be very happy with the outcome, but I think it would be value-disruptive to both of us, and that's not a place where we particularly want to end up. And I suspect that they really, in their heart of hearts, probably don't want to end up there either.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes. I think, Heath, on the marketing efficiency side, I wouldn't say that we are at steady state right now. I think we're currently benefiting from what has largely been a step change in our approach and some of our competitor's approach to marketing. And I think we will, as we move through the back part of this year, get to more normalized levels where we've got the non-incremental spend out. We understand with much more accuracy what our returns are and we can start to lean back in, in a more disciplined way. So again, I think we're not quite there, but I think it's been a good benefit, I think, for all of us. Obviously, it has been a headwind on revenue because even inefficient marketing spend does generate some revenue. And we're looking forward to the back half of this year, not only for our core OTA business, but also for trivago to essentially start from this new base and start really pushing into efficient, balanced growth on a much more regular basis, on a go-forward basis. I think as it relates to our relationships with our big chain partners, there's nothing specifically that I would call out. I think, again, the general theme for us has been let's find new ways where we can tailor our arrangements to better match the value that ultimately these partners get from our channels. Let's find ways through programs like Accelerator, programs like TravelAds to give you more control around getting the volume when you need it. And I think beyond that, we are looking at other unique ways where we can work together beyond just powering packages and doing other unique things that leverage our platform capabilities. But it's not really one thing. It's really -- we're really trying to be very flexible and tailor our approach on a strategic partner by strategic partner basis.
Mark Okerstrom: I mean, Deepak, on Vrbo, listen, the team, over the course of the last three years, has done just an exceptional job of getting a big book of offline business online. I think what you're seeing right now is getting to some of those harder yards associated with getting that offline and online starting to actually reach a flatter part of that penetration curve. I think that's absolutely happening. But again, the real story on gross bookings and online gross bookings deceleration has really been around these platform changes that we've made that has taken some of that business because it was offline and maybe we've lost it to other parts of the industry and, of course, platform and brand streamlining as well. So that's really been the story. And then in terms of marketing investments, I think we're still pleased with the return that we're seeing at the marketing -- with the marketing investments. I think the story there is, again, we're just lapping over something that went from 0 to 60 pretty quickly and now we're at cruising altitude.
Mark Okerstrom: The new inventory that we've added is performing very nicely. I think though it's really just part of the overall formula, which is adding new inventory, making sure that inventory is actually selling through, through good, solid disciplined performance and marketing and then having much more locally relevant user experiences, getting content right, getting translation right, making sure we've got local payments. So I think it's a combination of all of those things really starting, again, starting, we're still early stages here, starting to show some real promise in terms of better customer engagement and repeat rates and more efficient growth. And we're hopeful that we can just keep this going. As we mentioned last quarter, we really have ruled this effort into business as usual. We are targeting a broader set of markets here in 2019 in addition to continuing to improve in our initial wave one markets. With respect to Vrbo in terms of where we're investing and the goals in terms of driving consumer engagement with alternative accommodations, I think it's really going to be a combo of driving Vrbo and expanding it globally as a really best-in-class single product type focused player and then also bringing that inventory on to our core OTA brands. Our core OTA brands have incredible urban demand already. In general, they've got very strong and actually strengthening international demand footprints. So I think in the initial stages when we add new properties -- alternative accommodations properties, having integration on to the Core OTA brands is going to be a big boost, but we have no question that Vrbo with their unique user experiences, their focus on family and friends, the collaboration tools that they're building that are truly unique and best-in-class, we have no question that Vrbo does have the potential to be a real strong growth driver and generate real strong customer loyalty in its own right both here and the U.S. and then importantly, in international markets and really extend it back into the urban markets on its own.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. On the traveler fee, Vrbo is in a fortunate position in that they've got the complete menu of monetization options between traveler fee plus subscription and traveler fee plus pay-per-booking, pure pay-per-booking model. And they're really looking at trying to find ways where they can match the monetization model with the inventory type, what the supplier is interested in doing, what consumers are willing to do. So I think any sort of migration to or from the traveler fee is something that essentially Vrbo is very well equipped to handle and is, in fact, driving a lot of these changes and testing itself across its own supply base. In terms of the hotel brands competing in the VR space, certainly we have seen that. The recent announcement by Marriott is not particular -- it's new for them, but we have had other players, including the core, be active in this space. I think it's super interesting. I think that the alternative combination space is one that is right for some degree of professionalization. If you look at the big hotel operating companies and chains, boy, they are really good at this stuff and really providing a great guest experience. So I think, generally, it could be a really good thing for the industry to add this type of professionalization to the space. And I think we're very hopeful that we can help our partners as they develop these new inventory types just like we have with all of their other ones, help them to get them to market and get them in front of the right consumers and at the right time. With respect to Add-On Advantage, it's alive here in the U.S. It has been for a while. We have rolled it out to a number of international markets. It has been pretty darn successful here in the U.S. It's been moderately successful in other parts of the world. But getting this right is a combination of two important things. One is getting the product right. And the product is super compelling. Buy a product and then ultimately you can add other things to it over time. It incents people to essentially get these bundled deals. And then, of course, once they've got everything in one place, it's super easy to change and cancel. We can handle everything at once. We update itineraries. I mean, the value proposition is there and the product is really getting significantly better over time. But the second piece, of course, is merchandising and marketing. And that's where the team continues to experiment with Add-On Advantage and does that resonate with consumers in other parts of the world as much as it does in the U.S. But like everything, I mean, we are just continually testing. We're continually striving for better. We like what we see go far -- so far. We know the product is super compelling and we're just evolving the way that we market it over time.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So as you can imagine, being a data-driven company, we just look at a ton of KPIs in terms of success, but let me just give you some highlights. Really, at the core of what we're trying to do here is be locally relevant. And locally relevant is a piece of customer centricity. So how do you measure that? Well, we take a look at customer repeat rates and try to understand, are we creating more sticky products with what we're doing in terms of everything, from inventory acquisition to being more locally relevant? We're looking at does adding more inventory give us access to new customers as we add essentially new destinations with real competitiveness, new keywords, new metasearch placements. We're taking a look at room night growth. And importantly, we're taking a look at domestic room night growth and saying, hey, are we actually driving incremental room nights? Or are we just shifting share among our partners? We're taking a look at marketing efficiencies. And importantly, we're also taking a look at -- for the partners that we add, are we driving bookings to them? Are we becoming more relevant for them? So those are just some of the metrics that I would call out. I would say that, generally speaking, in all of these markets, the metrics are moving in the right direction. We're learning as we go. We don't get everything right, but it is a constant optimization effort. And as you can tell from us baking this into business as usual, this is absolutely the right way to go. In terms of loyalty and the importance of building that, building a stickier customer base, listen, I'll just say that we're strong believers in the fact that the best loyalty program is an incredible product and that we are dead focused on providing a customer-centric product, a locally relevant product. And that is the core focus. But we do believe that our loyalty programs, the Hotels.com program stay 10 nights, get one free is super additive to that story. In addition to having a great product that Hotels.com does have, it adds that extra thing that is a real value and a real differentiator for them. And I think for the Expedia, the Brand Expedia program, the Orbitz program, also similar stories. They're very focused on building a great product, but again, that caret of moving up the loyalty tiers and getting better status with maybe a bit better treatment, a bit better amenities when you show up at the properties are all just little things that make the product just a little bit different, a little bit more differentiated and ultimately we believe can turn into better customer share of wallet and better customer retention over time.
Mark Okerstrom: Great. Well, a big thanks to all of you for listening today. I especially want to thank all of the Expedia Group employees around the work -- around the world for your hard work this past quarter. I'm just incredibly impressed with the collaboration that's happening and the progress I'm seeing across the Company. I'm just so excited about what we can achieve together. I look forward to speaking to all of you next quarter. And with that, we'll turn it back to the operator.
Alan Pickerill: Yes. And Mark, on the reasons to think about revenue trends in the back half of the year, there's a couple of things that are very applicable to Q1 and the first half, and those include the impact of foreign currency. That becomes less of a headwind as we move through the year. Obviously, Easter is only a first half phenomenon. trivago, as they said and as we believe to be the case, they'll be on more normalized footing in terms of their revenue in the back half of the year. And so we expect to see easing impact on our revenue and obviously even some growth. The other thing I'd say is just that the core OTA business is performing quite well. We're pleased with the trajectory there. We do continue to do a lot of work around adding inventory and making sure that we're locally relevant. And we think that's going to continue to have impact on the business and we're optimistic about that as well. So I mean, I think those are some of the factors.
Alan Pickerill: Yes. Naved, on the revenue per room night versus ADRs, I think the factors there are, as we've discussed before, loyalty is one. And loyalty costs are recorded as a contra revenue. And as long as our loyalty channel is growing faster than the rest of the business, that will be a net difference between revenue per room night and ADRs ongoing. FX is a component too, but we don't read too much about that because it would come out in, over time, in the wash. There are other factors in there that ebb and flow, things around customer refunds if there's particularly inclement weather. Again, those are things that tend to ebb and flow over time. In terms of the core margins, I think the only things I'd mention is just that in terms of our global chain, contracted margins, we feel like we are where we need to be and we're providing value for the rates that are being charged. We are constructive, as Mark mentioned earlier, with our partners and try to look for ways that we can add value there, but we don't expect big changes in our contracted rates with our global chain partners. In there too, there could be some mix factors over time. If we're growing in particular countries where the economics are different than they are for the rest of the business, that could have an impact as well, but that, again, should be generally around the edges. We've talked about a gap in the 200 to 400 basis point range. It's been a little bit narrower than that these last couple of quarters, but there's nothing really changed significantly in our thinking about that gap and how to think about it.
Alan Pickerill: Yes, Brent. So on the first question, I think there's a couple of things to call out. One is that we are -- one of the things we're trying to do, and a lot of our overhead costs are people as I'm sure you're well aware, is just to be very strategic and purposeful about where we're hiring, why we're hiring and make sure that's focused on the most strategic and value-add areas of the business. At the same time, we are looking across Expedia Group and the teams, in fact, are looking across the Company for opportunities where we can better leverage the technology and assets and get some efficiencies there as well. And I think we're starting to see some of that benefit as well. This was kind of a something that we started really focusing on late last year and I think we're starting to see some benefit now. I was careful on the prepared remarks to say we don't expect the same level of growth that we saw in Q1 for the full year. We have some investments that we are making. We are doing some hiring. And so don't expect to see those same levels in the rest of the year, but we do expect to get leverage on fixed costs and overhead as we move forward.
Alan Pickerill: Yes, Deepak. On the room night, I mean, there are definitely some connections between my comments on revenue and room nights. There are things like Easter being a first half issue is comments to both. I think one thing we've talked about before is that from a room night growth perspective, trivago at meta generally and trivago specifically has been a reasonably meaningful headwind for us on room night growth as we've pulled back and as they've kind of reset the business. If that goes according to plan and they start to normalize in the back half of the year, get back to growth and just by virtue of the comps that we have there, that should start to ease and we should see some benefit from that in the back half of the year. We will have lapped the -- a lot of the marketing optimization that we did in 2018. And so I think that can have an impact as well. So definitely some connection between the revenue and the room night trends that we'll be seeing there. And as I said before, we're quite happy with the core business. It continues to just basically hum along. And so we think that will be as good or better as we move forward.
Alan Pickerill: Sure, Stephen. So I would say SEO headwinds for every player in the Internet have been a story for a long time. Google is absolutely taking free and moving it to paid and moving from paid to more qualified like they're during in hotel ads products. What we've done with Vrbo though, of course, has been on top of that. And Vrbo and essentially HomeAway and all of the brands that they've had internationally traditionally been actually quite dependent on SEO. And as we have consolidated platforms, it has changed essentially the linking structure of those brands and ultimately resulted in bigger headwinds for them. In some cases, there are places where we can recapture this. I think in Vrbo, for example, the teams have got great playbooks in place. And even as Vrbo has changed platform structures, we're marching up. We're seeing good metrics and there are signs that things are moving in the right direction. But with some of these brands, some of these regional brands, it will be something where, by and large, we're just going to have to comp it and lap it over time. And we'll move past this. Again, we're a long-term player. We're very much focused on building great brands and building great customer relationships and growing them internationally. We're backing Vrbo as the primary brand and we're optimistic that Vrbo has got a long runway ahead of us and it will move past some of these transitional issues like we're seeing with SEO.
