Peter Kern: Thank you, Mark. Sure. I’m happy to answer those. First of all, the answer to your first question is, those numbers are global. That is our entire business, collectively, not just the U.S. The U.S. is stronger for sure, helping that number up. But, that -- those are global numbers. As for beyond the cost structure, I’d say, we’re doing tons of work, and I’ll start by, unfortunately, reiterating all the work we’re doing on the marketing side, the work we’re doing to simplify and combine our performance marketing, team, tools, capabilities, data analytics, that’s a huge benefit for us as we go into the post [Technical Difficulty] into the future into the post COVID and our ability to compete in the performance channels in the most effective ways. We believe we can do better and do more on the brand building side and to create that direct customer relationship. And then, that bleeds all the way down through, of course, the importance of doing the product right, getting the engagement right, improving the apps, improving the technology, using AI to improve the customer experience. So, all of those things are the classic sort of virtuous cycle of can you get them in the door, can you make them love you, do it -- is the experience great, does it help them find what they want. So, there’s a ton of work. All that work I talked about on the platform side is not about efficiencies, although it does create efficiencies. What it really creates is agility and the ability to serve the customer better and create a stronger tie to that customer and repeat and loyalty and lifetime value. So, it’s really an exercise in all the pieces, but we are getting sharper on all elements, whether it’s the brand proposition for every brand, whether it’s the geographic proposition for every geo and brand, and then what that customer experience is like all the way to the end, through service. And it’s all those pieces. So, [Technical Difficulty] investing across the board in terms of our energy and time. And I think those pieces will start to multiply on themselves as we get more and more of them sort of across the road as it were. So, lots of good work going on. Some things are a lot further along than others, but I think you’ll continue to see improvement across all those categories.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Justin. I’ll maybe take the second one first. Yes. I mean, we’ve spent a fair amount of time getting to a new brand proposition, a bunch of new capabilities and things we wanted to talk to the consumers about and just at the early stages of rolling out our Expedia Brand campaign. That is a heavy brand campaign across multiple markets, and we think it has great opportunity. But to be clear, brand marketing is somewhat are not just all science, and it does take time to pay its rewards. We do believe though that by being more a funnel, by being more efficient in performance and allowing us to put more money upfront, we can drive greater long-term returns. Now, it’s not a quick twitch muscle. As I said, brand marketing is now like you run a great ad and tomorrow, everybody books. It takes repeat. It takes sinking in that brand proposition and getting everybody focused on your name, and then it starts to pay rewards and performance. It starts to pay rewards and direct. It starts to pay rewards across a lot of things. So, we believe in that opportunity. We will invest in that opportunity. And it will take some time to pay out. It’s not like performance. It’s not like you’re buying the transaction every time you do it. On the Vrbo front -- let me just look at the percent of bookings and growth rates. So, I think we don’t break those numbers out separately. I would say Vrbo is doing great. The U.S., particularly strong, but as I said, in all our strongest markets, we are showing share gains. And Vrbo is clearly -- and vacation rentals in general, clearly in very positive territory, and that is helping bring up all our numbers, no doubt. But, we don’t break them out separately. And so, I think it’s just we view it as part of the business. And as I’ve said before, the long-term plan for Vrbo or vacation rentals, more generally, is to have them available through all our brands in the most optimal way for the customer. So, that’s where we are.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Lloyd. I would say, first of all, we didn’t take it down to the studs. We did a lot of things that we thought were the right things to do for the long-term health of the Company. But we have invested in lots of people, talent, marketing, all kinds of things, technology. So, I think, we’ve done the right stuff across what we thought was the right way to shape the business. And as you’ll recall, we set out to do that before COVID even hit. So, that is the -- that was the plan, that has been the plan, and we feel good about where we’ve gone to. Now, are the places we want to invest in? Absolutely. Do we want to bring in and retain the best talent at our Company? Absolutely. We are making those moves. We’ve brought in lots of great new talent. We have changed, as Eric alluded to, our equity and bonus structure to reward our people for growth. So, we will continue to invest in the things that will drive our business, much of which is people and their ability to build great tech and tools and products and services and then people to help externalize all the great stuff we’re building on the B2B side and of course on the consumer side. So, we don’t feel like, in any way, we’re in an unstable position. Where we have a lot of moving parts, we’re trying to change a lot. There’s no question. And we think all of it has great opportunities. And will we break something along the way, stumble once or twice? I’m sure we will. But in general, we are feeling like we are in a good position. And if anything, we’ll continue to invest into the growth as the returns come in. As far as brand campaigns come -- are concerned, no, we are not about hoping that works and just shifting money around. Our whole proposition is that we believe we can do better on the performance marketing side. We can be better, be more efficient, be more competitive, and by doing so, free up capital, if you will, to go upstream, up funnel to push into the brand side. [Technical Difficulty] way through all that, just as we’ve tested coming off Google meta for VR and other meta for VR. That’s had a really positive impact. We will test more things. We will get smarter. And as I alluded to quarters ago, we are getting into being able -- our goal is getting to the point where we can build algorithms to maximize for multi-brand and do things we’ve just never been able to do before. So, that’s the opportunity. And we are leaning into both of that from a technical standpoint. And yes, we are spending up more now that the market is coming back. So, both of those things are true, but we believe we can do it more efficiently, as Eric said, maintain higher ROAs in that and then redeploy some of that capital back to the front end to drive that brand awareness, where we think we can also do better than we have historically and spend that money more efficiently. So, it’s sort of, again, a virtuous cycle. We got to do all those parts. It’s a lot [Technical Difficulty] but it’s not a hope and a prayer and just moving money around. We want to be as efficient as we can and buy good growth in performance marketing where [Technical Difficulty] and we want to use brand to its greatest effect.
Peter Kern: Yes. So, maybe I’ll take those in reverse again, Naved, which is on the loyalty side, we felt like there’s a big opportunity, particularly in Brand Expedia to drive loyalty. And those learnings will no doubt help other brands for us. But we were -- we felt like we were leaving a lot of customers on the side because of the -- how we made them sign up, what they had to go through, et cetera. And the truth is, for a customer, it’s a much better experience if they become a loyalty member, they get to see loyalty rates. They get to -- they get a lot of benefits. And in general, they consume more. And the returns on those loyal customers are higher than the returns on people who are not members. So, while there may be accounting that has to get accrued for over time, the return on that customer’s performance is much greater. It’s been proven over and over again in our brands. So, this is really just opening up a window, making it easier and better for the customer, helping them see the benefits, allowing them to see the benefits earlier, if you will. And I think there’s nothing but upside and good stuff there, so both for the Company and for the customer. As far as the ROAs goes, we talk about this a lot. We don’t really know where it’s going to balance out. We are trying to take a scientific and approach as we can to driving returns through our marketing area. So, it will be a bunch of learnings as we go. We are testing and learning, even as we speak, a bunch of things across on and off different brands in different geographies and seeing what happens. From a performance marketing standpoint, we will be testing into brand spend as well by geography and by brand. So, it -- we’re going to learn. It’s going to take some time, but we believe with the benefit of a really strong team on the brand side and a really strong team on the performance marketing side, for the first time, once we get all these things consolidated, and the technology working the right way, we are going to have -- it’s going to be a fair fight, and we’re going to be in a position to perform -- outperform the competition in a way we just haven’t been for a long time.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Brian. So, on the strategic priority standpoint, I think, we’ve made a lot of headway in many fronts. I think the hardest, biggest lift is really on the platform and the technology and the product. And a lot of that’s been organizational, getting the right pieces of the Company together in the right way and organized under the right leaders, so that we could drive this journey we have to drive from getting to this complicated siloed technology we had before to a much more clean, high-efficiency, agile construct. So, that’s where the most -- I would say the most energy is going in. And frankly, it’s a tale of 1,000 stories. Different parts of that journey are in different states of completeness. But that creates, to your second question, I would say, the most opportunity going forward, because every time we get a win there, and I’ve talked in the past, whether it’s about multiple checkouts becoming one checkout or multiple identity features becoming one identity, it gives you both speed and better consumer experience and better ability to improve on that as well as efficiency and the ability to redeploy that resource to other higher return opportunities. So, that’s both, an efficiency opportunity, but I would think of it more as the opportunity to invest that talent into new growth, as we go forward. So, we are still in the middle of many of those things still being fully equipped as if they were run as 6 or 8 or 10 separate things. We will get to a place where we have one strong, robust thing and those resources can -- some of those resources can get to higher-value returns. And then, as far as marketing and the other and cutting costs, again, the cost side will come from what I just described. I don’t think -- we continue to see opportunities. Many of the things Eric has talked about that have already borne fruit in terms of cost savings, like our voice platform, et cetera, have much more opportunity to go and more running room. So, we see that continuing to happen. We’re creating great new tools on the service side, which are creating the opportunity to serve our customers much more efficiently, not just through technology, but also through technology assisting humans. So there’s all kinds of places that I think there’s more opportunity to get more efficient. But, we really view it, I think Eric and I think about it as it’s really the opportunity to reinvest back in the business when we have those efficiencies as opposed to, do we just keep cutting for more margins. So, there’s plenty of opportunity on the margin side, I would say, as we reinflate with travel. And on, the flip side, we believe we’ve made good progress, but there’s still a long way to go and a lot of opportunity. What did I miss? Sorry, on the ROIs for direct traffic -- for mix and direct traffic, I would say, sort of a warning here. I think, during COVID, it can be very misleading. Most of us in the travel space have seen really good numbers on direct traffic, on mobile use and all that because our most loyal customers, when we weren’t marketing as much were a bigger part of our mix than they might otherwise be. I think as we start to reinflate again in terms of a more natural travel market, those dynamics may shift somewhat. But definitely, we continue to push all in on app usage, on direct relationships on getting out of the auctions as much as we can. So, the mix has definitely shifted in our favor in terms of direct traffic, in terms of app and mobile use, et cetera. But I don’t want to put too much on it because I’m not sure where it’s going to normalize out when the market returns globally.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Deepak. I’ll take the Vrbo part of it. So, we’ve amped up our investment in marketing and attracting Vrbo host, if you will, or owners. It has been successful. We are driving it as fast as we can. There is a lot of demand, and we’re focused, as you would imagine, in the most -- the most high-traffic areas where we need and can sell as much new inventories we can get. We introduced a new product, which we called the Fast Start program, where we essentially take successful hosts that are highly rated from other platforms, and we launch them quickly into our platform, and instead of having to rebuild their stature as a highly reviewed host, we sort of take as a proxy, their experience elsewhere. And we put them, if you will, very high in the sort and allow them to start up their business with us. But the reality is that Vrbo hosts on balance make more than Airbnb hosts on average. And it’s a great opportunity for people to monetize their assets. We think it’s better than any other similarly situated one. And we think owners of properties are increasingly becoming aware of that as our brand becomes more ubiquitous and as people become more used to the products. So, all our stats make for a great sales story. We just have to get it out there, and we’re spending more to get that story out there.
Peter Kern: Kevin, I’ll -- as far as April goes, I would say that we’ve seen modest improvement off of March. It’s not linear from the negative high-40s to 20s and keep going. So, don’t get too excited. But, it is directionally positive, and we hope and believe that will continue. Obviously, there’s a lot of summer bookings through that spring period, and you can assume appropriately that has a lot to do with Americans getting vaccinated and being more comfortable booking their holidays for the summer. So, we expect something like that trend to continue for a while. But again, as I mentioned in my remarks, if -- we need cities to open, we need international travel up, we need other things to open. U.S. domestic travel itself cannot get us back to where we used to be on a standalone basis. Having said that, U.S. domestic travel is higher than U.S. domestic travel used to be and was in 2019, we’ve seen that effect. And we’re not disclosing the U.S. market -- the market’s growth or not, but in terms of our performance, but yes, the U.S. is strong. It’s driving a lot and it’s carrying the weight for a lot of other markets that are still closed, frankly. So, we feel very good about where the U.S. is. We hope for a lot of reasons that the rest of the world comes back, not just for our business but for their own lives. But, that’s where we need more to open up.
Peter Kern: Great. And I’ll jump in on the last one, which is, we haven’t seen a ton to suggest that things are changing. And as you’ve heard me say many times, I’m loath to extrapolate too much from this COVID period. But for sure, there are a lot of new users of the Vrbo experience. And in general, I think the data suggests they are going back to it more frequently. But again, we are in COVID. And as long as you’re comfortable with that use case, you’re still comfortable with it. Now, is that sustainable? Will people go back to resorts and other things? I’ve said publicly that I believe, in general, the trends of the past will continue. But, one of the trends of the past was that people were getting more and more into the use case of vacation rentals. So, I think we have accelerated that. We’ve exposed more people to the product. And that’s a good long-term trend for that category. But, I don’t think -- and it will make people consider vacation rental as part of their choices where maybe before they had not. But, I don’t think we’re necessarily going to be seeing a huge shift that sustains itself long-term so much as maybe a reset at a higher level for vacation rentals and then growing off of that.
Peter Kern: I’ll take a crack at the first one. Thanks for the question, Stephen. I’m rooting for revenge travel, whatever that is. We -- the more -- whatever kind of travel people want to do, we’re happy to accommodate it, revenge or otherwise. I think, we’ve seen -- we definitely were seeing earlier in the pandemic, these longer stays, certainly in the Vacation rental space, et cetera. I think things have normalized somewhat from that. But in general, those days are longer still on an average basis. And I think we’re seeing ADRs are higher and -- for us, and people are spending more. Now that’s a little bit of mix, but it’s also that hotels and Vacation rentals and desire both places have been able to push price, and consumers have been willing to pay for it. And I would say that revenge or otherwise, places like Miami demonstrate that there is huge pent-up demand to go to places where people can experience a relatively normal travel experience. And I don’t know if you’ve been to Miami recently, but it is packed. The hotels are full. People are out everywhere. Restaurants are full. So, I think that -- and their booking levels are well above two years ago. So, if you just think about that in a macro way, you say, okay, where people can travel, where they can have a normal experience, where they feel like they’re comfortable free, whatever your words are, there is a huge amount of demand for that. So, obviously, it will spread out across the globe, as more places are like Miami. But, I think that demonstrates in a sense that there is pent-up demand for the places and the things where people can spend money.
Peter Kern: Yes. This is Peter. I would echo that the management companies were right. It’s taken us too long. We’re working hard on it. We want to change it for them, for us and for the consumer. But it’s -- getting the right consumer experience, as Eric said, is the key thing to making it successful for all of us, and that’s what we’re really working on. As far as the work-from-home trends go, yes, we’ve been leaning into this from the beginning. Vrbo was pushing a lot of sort of staycations, stay nearby, school from home, and making sure people understood what the Wi-Fi and other things were. So, we’ve understood these trends to the extent we could, and we’ve tried to lean into that consumer interest. I think, longer term, we, like every company, and certainly, like every tech company are dealing with the work-from-home questions and the flexible work of the future, I think, clearly, what we’ve seen suggests that the world will be more flexible. And whether that means people will have the opportunity to work from other places, take longer weekends and work from somewhere, et cetera. We’re going to have to see how that plays out. We hope it adds to travel, obviously. But, it’s too early to tell.
Peter Kern: Thank you, operator. Thanks, everyone, for joining us. I hope we got your questions answered. We’re feeling really good about our improvement, and we hope the world continues to open up. Please get your vaccines or tell your friends, and please keep your thoughts with all our friends in India. And thank you for joining us. We’ll talk to you next quarter.
Eric Hart: Yes. And two things -- quick things to that. This is Eric. Also on distributing that inventory from a vacation rental standpoint, ultimately through EPS or Expedia Partner Service as well. We think that’s a meaningful opportunity for us as well. And then, on the marketing side, if you look at year-over-year going to 2018, 2019 and 2021, our marketing spend as a percent of revenue has come down quite a bit when you compare against those. And yet, we are spending heavily into brand, and we’re continuing to spend in performance channels as well. And we’re also seeing, given all the work that the teams have done, where we’re getting good share of voice, share of wallet, if you will, at ROAs that are higher than we’ve traditionally seen. So, still a lot to learn how that’s going to flow through the P&L over time, as Peter mentioned, but we feel pretty good about the investments that we’re making at this time.
Eric Hart: This is Eric. And I would just add on the loyalty side, we are working through ultimately how to account for those going forward. We have robust teams. We actually have three different teams that look at and quantify it separately. We have an internal team, a third-party provider, and then our auditors go through it as well. And so, we’re going to be going through that math to effectively, say, there’s going to be a lot more points perhaps with a respective lower probability of redemption, at least for those that don’t get actively engaged, which again, the point is getting them actively engaged in that journey. But, we’ll provide updates as we go through, but it is something that we’re working through.
Eric Hart: Yes. And I’ll just add to that, this is Eric, as well. There’s also, listen, as there a compression or when there’s supply selling out, if you will, there are alternatives that we’re then providing. That’s part of the product experience on whether it’s a nearby alternative or a peer or whatever else. So, it’s something that we’re working from a product standpoint. In regards to your question on the booking trends, we continue to see elevated in the next 30 days, unconventional lodging, but it has come down from what we saw during the, call it, the depths of the pandemic. We’re continuing to see, obviously, very strong demand for the summer. And even off a very small base, we’re seeing healthy demand for the holiday period as well. So, we’re starting to see it extend into away from the zero to 7 days or very near term into more healthy time periods as well and more distributed to what we have seen historically. And I would say, that’s a similar story on the Vrbo side as well. But typically, it has longer booking cycles, and we continue to see that as well.
Eric Hart: Great. This is Eric. I’ll take the first part of that question, just around Egencia. We did mention -- or I mentioned in the call that we have approximately 14% of ownership in the combined entity, and we estimate that to be worth $750 million. So, I think you can essentially do the backwards math to get to the overall estimated enterprise value and equity value for the business. On the commercial agreement itself, that in excess of $60 million based on 2019 volume. That is for the entire supply relationship that we will have with the combined business. And there are components of that that’s obviously Egencia and distribution that we’re putting in. And obviously, we want to have a much larger relationship with them as well. So, it does represent the combined and the full estimate of that agreement.
Eric Hart: And this is Eric. I’ll take the second part of the question, just around Vrbo and getting distribution on the OTA brands. So, we don’t disclose the number of properties that are live on our other OTA brands. But what I will say is that we continue -- two things. One is we continue to add more properties. It was higher in Q4 than Q3, and it’s higher in Q1 than it was in Q4, and so we continue to make progress. And also, we continue to increase the number of OTA brands where we’re distributing that inventory. So, making good progress on both of those. What we ultimately need to do though is continuing to improve the customer experience. It is a different product. It has a different use case. As Peter mentioned, it has a different operational flow and customer experience. And we’ve made progress there. We need to make more. And it is our full intention to continue to invest behind that, get that better user experience, which I think will then continue to get more properties, and again, higher booking and a better customer experience. So, all in all, making progress, more to do.
Eric Hart: Thanks for the question. This is Eric. Just to touch on, I think, I was giving some components of your first question a few moments ago. But, we are improving the customer experience to invest in it. It’s something we have made progress and continue to invest on it and need further improvement, but we’re excited about the product. And I think, we don’t disclose the number of properties that we’re distributing through our OTA brands. However, we are increasing the number. It’s -- as I mentioned a couple of minutes ago, Q4 was higher than Q3, Q1 is higher than Q4, and we’re also increasing the number of OTA brands where we’re distributing that inventory. So, we’re making progress. I think, everyone on this call will agree, it was slower than we would have wanted it to be, but we’re certainly putting the organization’s weight behind it because we think it’s a big opportunity for us.
Eric Hart: Yes. This is Eric. As you mentioned, what we have in the release is revenue per room night was up 10%. That is due to two primary factors, mix to Vrbo and then mix to the U.S. as well, where there’s typically higher ADRs. We don’t get into the detail of breaking out individual components. But, I would say, anecdotally, we’re certainly seeing ADRs improve. They continue to be down relative to, call it, 2019 levels, but sequentially improving. And Vrbo is obviously seeing some nice ADR improvements, just given the demand in that sector.
