Dara Khosrowshahi: Just to be specific, the 25% number is an overall agency number, and a significant amount of that agency number is eLong in China. So our ETP volumes aren't close to this 25% number. They're significantly lower than that, although they're going to be ramping up over a period of time as we launch more ETP hotels. And as we said, we've seen those ETP hotels perform better than non-ETP hotels. As far as the long term goes, so far, based on what we see, we are seeing around 50-50 percent volume between Hotel Collect and Expedia Collect, which would suggest 50% agency, 50% merchant. However, there is a significant amount of package inventory that we sell, prepaid inventory, that we sell as well. So based on the evidence that we see to date, we think that the agency portion of Expedia volume is going to be less than 50%. But it's very, very early. And I will tell you again that we're not focused on the percentage between agency collect and Expedia Collect. We want the best experience for our consumers. So we don't have an agenda here. The only agenda is to drive -- drive kind of consumer preference. We are seeing higher conversion. We're seeing higher average rates from ETP as well. We are seeing higher cancellation rates. So a lot of this has to work itself out, but we do think that ETP over long term is definitely going to be a positive for the company.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And then as far as our spend on Google, we don't specifically want to disclose how much we spent on various channels. I will say that we do believe that the Google channel is a significant opportunity for us. We have focused on that channel quite a bit across Hotels.com, Expedia and many of our brands. And in general, our spend and volume from Google has been increasing at a very significant rate on a year-on-year basis as we have improved our processes there, as our supply basis improved, as we've skilled [ph] up the group and also invested in technology and conversion. So that said, we have stated before that we do see our variable channels, Google is one of our variable channels growing, in general, faster than our other channels, especially in international emerging markets. We don't see that stopping anytime soon. Our efficiencies from variable channels in general are higher or they're less efficient than our direct channels. So we certainly do see some pressure on the marketing front as those variable channels grow very fast. We are seeing some encouraging signs that as we invest in those variable channels, more customers are coming to us directly, our repeat customer base is increasing as well, which is an offset to the margins -- to the margin pressure that I talked about. So really, the question is from a long-term standpoint, how were those 2 going to offset each other? But we do treat each channel separately. We look at each geography separately, and to the extent that the mix hurts our margins, that's not necessarily something that we care about as long as it's a good result. So we do view our Google volume increasing as being good result. And we do think that we will be able to offset some of that adverse marketing mix with leveraging our cost of sales line, leveraging our G&A from a long-term standpoint. So when I look at the whole P&L on a holistic basis, we believe that we're in a pretty good space.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Mark. As far as geos goes, nothing particularly different this quarter than the last quarter. We're pretty satisfied with our -- with our demand broadly, and we do see some weakness in Southern Europe. That's a trend that's been going on for some period of time, and we certainly haven't seen that change. But otherwise, it's business as usual for us. As far as the Google situation, we're just reviewing the proposed commitments. I'd say on a very preliminary basis, we don't think that the commission has gone far enough, and it looks like they're going to allow Google to kind of continue to use their dominant position, which we think, long term, is a bad thing for consumers. So we think that Google favoring their internal product over third-party results reduces choice, stifles innovation over a long term, and we think that's a bad thing for consumers. But again, that's based on a very, very preliminary look at the commission's findings so far.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. We aren't really seeing too many differences. Domestically, our room night growth has been very solid with 15%. And we are seeing Booking.com aggressive on the international front. We haven't necessarily seen that affect our businesses. We're quite happy with our growth rates, and we think that we continue to gain share domestically certainly in the overall lodging markets. We do see Booking.com engage in some behavior as far as their display, their price display goes, especially from markets outside of the U.S., where they really never showed the consumer ultimately what the consumer is going to pay, and we know that they've got the technology to do so. They never really display the full price, and we display full price for consumers, especially when they're going to run their credit card and they're going to click on the buy button. So we think that's an issue that we're looking at, and we'll take a look at how we respond to that. But otherwise, at this point, we're pretty happy with the domestic marketplace and the growth there, and we continue to take our competition, especially Booking.com, quite seriously.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, yes, definitely, we do expect to enter new geographies quite aggressively. trivago has been very successful expanding across Europe, and is both investing in and growing quite quickly across European geographies. The team there is very good at testing and learning the effect of both offline and online marketing in new geographies and very carefully test and learn into new geos. They are coming into the U.S., and they're seeing some encouraging numbers in the U.S. We're seeing some encouraging numbers in Canada as well, and they will continue to expand geographically quite aggressively. Our agenda for trivago is revenue growth first. And we think that there's a lot of potential there. It's just a terrific service and a terrific team.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. So trivago has a healthy mix of traffic across the channels. But really the distinguishing factor for them versus a traditional OTA is that they are very much about brand building and particularly television advertising. So they would skew disproportionately into direct type-in type traffic or branded traffic versus other players that would have a much broader mix. And they did have a big impact on our sales and marketing line this quarter, and that's something you'll continue to see certainly throughout the year. And I would remind you that we had about 23 days out of a total of 90 for the quarter of trivago in our results. So I would just take that into consideration. With respect to ETP, so far, the mix has been a lot of chains. I would say that on the chain side, it's probably about 1/2 chains, 1/2 independents. A lot of that is a result of the fact that you can just be a little bit more efficient with your discussions in chains. You can certainly sign up a lot more hotels with fewer conversations, and I wouldn't take that necessarily as a view on who likes it best. We feel pretty good about what we're seeing so far across chains and independents, and we're very pleased with the reaction. Our suppliers seem to like it, and the numbers we're seeing suggest that it's been great for those who have signed up, and we hope to see a very representative mix of our hotel partners signing up for this in increasing numbers as the year progresses.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Well, so far, I would say ADR growth in -- if you exclude Asia-Pacific, is pretty healthy, I think, across the markets that we're seeing. It should [ph] have been low single digits. The U.S. is certainly there. Europe would be a little bit lower. Across our business in Asia, of course, the numbers are down. And that's primarily a mix-driven issue for us more than anything.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Douglas. As far as search goes, our approach has been to keep our ROIs essentially constant and translate our conversion gains into higher volumes. So we definitely have a choice to make, which is we could translate our conversion gains into better efficiency and higher profitability. The other choice that you can make is to the extent you view -- you drive conversion is to increase your CPC bid at essentially the same efficiencies that you had in the past. And broadly, those are the -- that's the choice that we're making at this point. We are efficient in our search volumes. So typically, we don't go into a loss position, but we are translating our conversion gains into volume. At some point, we may change that, but at this point, we think it's the right strategic decision. And we are seeing some of those decisions result in better repeat rates, et cetera, for consumers, and we certainly see that as being a good trend. On the package platform migration, we are early. But the results are encouraging. We've launched on Expedia in the U.S. for some of our simpler packages: our package end-to-end product. It has resulted in higher conversions. And we are in the process of now rolling out that product on a worldwide basis. We will then expand. Right now, it's really for flight and hotels, the simplest form of packages, and then we'll get into more complex packages. So really the phase now is we've got it done. It works. It works well. We're going to expand it so that we get as many people using the product as possible. And then we'll get into our test and learn. And I think what we've seen with our hotel path is that while there is goodness in the initial flip over to the new platform, there's more goodness as you test and learn and as you experiment. And that's certainly something that we hope to see on the package side.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Michael. As far as sequestration, it's really too soon to tell. It's only been a couple of days, and our results can be quite up and down on a daily basis. And at this point, we haven't seen any trends that are worth calling out. I will say that we hope that its resolved. There's no reason why American consumers shouldn't travel. We've made it hard enough. Let's not make it harder. So we very much support what our travel supply partners, their voice, and we hope that this does resolve itself because it's certainly not necessary to go on like this. As far as car goes, the higher prices are certainly not a bad thing. But they do affect their volume, especially on Hotwire, where we've got consumers who are quite price-sensitive. So what we see when car prices go up is typically, a lower percentage of our Hotwire car volumes go through the Opaque channel, which is on balance and more attractive channel to us. And we do see a reduction in volume, especially amongst the very price-sensitive consumer, and certainly the Hotwire consumer is a price-sensitive consumer. So the team is working through it. But it's definitely something that did affect us for the first quarter, and we're hoping that trends get a bit better on the balance of the year.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, in general, we're quite pleased with our mobile efforts. And I think there are 3 segments that we look at. One is mobile downloaded apps. Second is mobile handset volumes. And then the third is tablet. We are -- as a percentage of our total volume, our downloaded apps are increasing, and that's a good thing. We're investing significant dollar amounts in order to drive downloads. We passed the 30 million mark. We are continuing to grow at a rapid pace. An obvious benefit of our download is that after you pay for that consumer, to the extent that you've got an app that they engage in and they keep, they tend to come direct versus coming through other channels. And we are seeing that behavior, and we're encouraged by that behavior, which is why we're investing as aggressively in product and marketing on the download side. On the mobile web side, that business continues to grow, and we're really working hard on learning about more ways to attract consumers on mobile web and continuing to build responsive sites that work just as well for the handset or the tablet as they do on the desktop. We do think that we've got a conversion opportunity here in general. For example, our tablet conversion isn't quite as strong as the desktop conversion. And we think that as we make the sites more responsive, as we simplify the sites, we can drive conversion over tablet and tablet-like devices. So it's really about investment in product, like Expedia itinerary, and then it's really making all of our sites responsive as well.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. I think on the deleverage, listen, we could end marketing deleverage tomorrow. Right, Paul? So these are investments that we are making in mobile and international markets. When we look at most of our international markets that are maturing on a stand-alone basis, margins do tend to improve as these markets mature. But it's really the mix of the markets that's causing some of the marketing deleverage. And because we're seeing the pattern of being able to mature these international markets, we think that as we continue over a long period of time, we should see strong revenue growth and we should see some of that deleverage ease. But at this point, the opportunity on the international side, the opportunity to bring in some of that variable volume is an opportunity that we think is worth taking near term. And we think we can grow that top line aggressively and grow bottom lines as well. And we think the balance at this point is a pretty good balance. As far as ETP and better conversion, the -- on ETP itself, I think that ETP volumes are still too small to be really affecting overall numbers. But as the year progresses and especially going into Q4 and going to next year, we do think that ETP volume is going to be material, and if the trends, the early trends, that we're seeing now hold, it should be a conversion positive and it should be a volume positive going to next year. Otherwise, a lot of the conversion strength that we're seeing comes from the good work of the Hotels.com team and Expedia teams on the technology side. We continue to improve the product, and we think that there's still continued opportunity to improve the product.
Dara Khosrowshahi: That's not something that we disclose on a regular basis, Kevin. But you've seen the download numbers, and they're very healthy. And mobile, again, we think, is a great positive for us.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Well, listen, there's lots of reasons. I think we're -- I'll give you a couple of examples, but I think our overall approach is we're trying to remove friction for whatever reason. But some of the things we've seen, anecdotally, is as we have seen currencies devalue, people taking long booking window trips, want to lock in their trip to the U.S. now at current prices. So they're happier to prepay than to wait. That's one example. There are a group of consumers or a type of consumers who feel a lot more comfortable that they've actually got a room where they want to stay when they paid for it in advance. So there's a bunch of reasons why people want to pay now. There's a bunch of people -- reasons why they want to pay later. And we're in the business of just doing whatever our consumers would like to choose and making that easy for them and making it easier for them to find the right hotel.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. So for the quarter, the impact to EBITDA was immaterial. It is a pretty -- right now, anyway, it's a pretty back-end loaded business generally largely due to the growth they're driving. Again, they're very much an off-line advertising-driven business, and that's a business that spends pretty consistently and ahead of demand. So when you're in such a high-growth mode, it ultimately ends up with some decent back-end loading. In terms of growth rates, again, I don't want to update what we said prior, but it has been a business that has been able to double revenue every year for the last 4 years. At some point, the law of large numbers starts to kick in and growth rates have slowed. But it's a high-growth business. We're going to invest aggressively behind them, behind the team. We think it's a great product. It's getting great traction, and there's just tons of headroom for it to expand globally.
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just thank you very much for joining us on the call. We're early in the year, but I think we're off to a solid start. So thank you to all the Expedia, Inc. employees and special welcome to the team trivago to the Expedia family. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.
