Peter Kern: Sure. Thank you for the question. I'll certainly try to put a little more color on it. Ultimately, as we drive towards high lifetime value customers and moving our customers into these high value positions in app in membership et cetera and up the membership ladder. We believe that we'll be able to use our marketing capital more efficiently through a variety of channels, including loyalty, including CRM and a variety of ways to drive more direct relationships. And ultimately, we believe we're going to get better and better at being able to buy the right kinds of customers out of the market. We are trying to do that now. We are doing it, I would say, with fairly remedial tools, but we are getting better and better as we get better at a more granular understanding of each customer and each customer's potential LTV and what channels they come from. So we're on that journey to basically drive lifetime value broadly, but also ultimately understand lifetime value in a very granular way, so that we can then, again, be buying that lifetime value out of the market in the most efficient way as we can. We think we're doing that now. But admittedly our tools are somewhat remedial. As we get all of our customer accounts together. You've heard us talk about consolidating data, consolidating the one loyalty plan across everything. As that loyalty plan reaches everybody, as we have one identity for every customer we are going to get better and better at understanding LTV and understand each customers' performance and that's going to allow us to get a lot sharper on how we acquire traffic and who we acquire. So, ultimately, we are looking to drive more efficient acquisition of the right kinds of customers. And as I've said on a couple of calls, that doesn't mean we're necessarily planning to spend less money, it means we expect to get more value out of the money we spend. And if we get really good at it, we may be spending more money and buying just more and more value out of the marketplace. So that is our ultimate goal. I think, there's lots of tools we have already to drive LTV, but we're going to have many more and a better understanding of how to buy the right kinds of customers out of the market as time passes.
Peter Kern: Yes, sure. Eric can chime in. I'll give you my thoughts. I think we've seen -- as Eric referred to, we saw some choppiness in the early part of July. As you all know there's been a lot of disruption in North America and in Europe in airports. There have been the Heathrow capped how many flights could go in and out. There's been a lot of noise and a lot of cancellations. And we think that's probably responsible for a lot of it, obviously, in a time of weird macro backdrops. We're all looking for ghosts. But with the strong rebound over the last few weeks of July, we feel like it was more temporary than anything and we're seeing better resilience and similar strength, as Eric has said, compared to earlier in Q2. So we're optimistic. Again, the summer period looks strong. There's no real let up that we've seen, other than what we reflected in July. And beyond that, there's still a lot of bookings to be had, but we're optimistic.
Peter Kern: And I'll take the H.com question. So the short answer is, we've mostly seen the disruption and not much of the win yet. Obviously, as I mentioned, the engineers we're now freeing up to optimize the stack is are highly valuable to us, and we expect now to get wins not only on the H.com stack, but on the beta the Expedia stack at the same time. So the whole idea is been broken into two different stacks. We've had engineered, we've needed twice as many engineers to work both stacks. And we've been – any test any wins any improvements are made on one stack or the other and not necessarily carried across, or not necessarily working the same across. So now that, we get more on to the same stack, every time we get a win, it's a win for everybody. And it's a win for much more of our traffic. So the opportunity to now have one consolidated place where we can do that is massive. And we are just getting going now that, we've moved so much of the front end, we can put those engineers on the work and we can start to get lift across not only for commercial, but Expedia the portfolio brands, and everywhere else that runs on that stack. And ultimately, we will all be on the same front-end stack. And then every iteration every test and win every opportunity to make the product better, we'll go to all our customers and we'll get the benefit across the biggest space. So that's what we're driving to Naved and early days in that particular bit. But I will say, the disruption was somewhat less than we expected, which is good and the opportunity is enormous. So, we're putting people on it now and we're starting to get those benefits. But it's very early days. 
Peter Kern: Yes. I would say to the first part, Lee, yes, cities have been coming back pretty strong. If you've been traveling this summer you've probably seen it particularly in Europe. And the strength is -- it's not as strong as beach and other things that have been, but it is materially coming back. So, as I mentioned in the beginning we've seen improvement kind of everywhere in every product. It's different by geo and it's different by urban and non-urban. But everything has been going up into the right and urban has recovered substantially. I think you can tell from our numbers that in various spots we are not buying bad business. So, I'm not going to go into breaking out which places that is per se but urban has been growing nicely for us and it's been growing nicely for the whole industry. So, I think Cities are back. And certainly this summer there will be plenty of urban travel. 
Peter Kern: Yes, I would just add Lee that as we continue to make progress on our technical transition. We're constantly solving problems and freeing up people to work on new things. So, it's kind of we're solving it two ways, which is we're looking for talent in the market to help fill open roles where we need people and every day we're also kind of freeing up capacity that can work on the next thing. So, we're moderating it that way. And ultimately as I've said before we're going to get more efficiency out of the machine over time. So, balancing that trajectory is something we're always looking at. 
Peter Kern: Sure. Thanks, Tom. So a couple of highlights I guess on Vrbo. I mean, first of all, the business continues to be strong well above 2019 levels. We've seen some demand -- sorry, supply constraints in our best markets. I think Southeast beaches in the US and such, but we have been adding supply at an accelerating level and actually in our strongest markets like US beach, et cetera. We've been adding supply faster than our main competition. So we feel pretty good about that trajectory and we're getting better at that kind of all the time. So in our strongest markets again we're adding supply, but there were constraints. There were markets sold out this summer for sure, and we'd love to have more supply in those places. As far as new partnerships go, I'd love to name a bunch of names. Unfortunately, in some cases we are constrained by our agreements with our partners, but we've seen really good growth in our B2B business and our B2B pipeline. We think there's a lot of products that we can help our partners with. And as our products get better all the things, I was talking about even with the Hotels.com, Orbitz front-end change that's not just getting on to one stack. It's also componentizing all the front-end modules, so that we can more easily use them and we use them for our partners to create their travel products on the front end. So there's a lot of opportunity in all the work we're doing to make the products better for our partners, and to externalize new things that we haven't externalized before, like our service capabilities, or our machine learning capabilities, or our fraud capabilities. So we're working kind of two tracks, which is we want to drive more value into our partnerships that we already have with the products already available, and we want to externalize lots of new products that we think will be valuable to the partners we already have and to a much wider base of partners. So, both of those things are going. There's lots of exciting things happening on both fronts. And most excitingly when we deliver things like we did with our new car deal with Delta or many others, they deliver more value for our partners. And that means, it's a good product, that makes our partners more successful, and us more successful. So I think it's one of those places that's really a great symbiotic situation, where we can use our technology and our supply to drive better outcomes for all our travel partners. And it really sort of turns those into partnerships instead of just the classic supply deals and other things we've always had. So we're excited. We think the growth -- there's plenty of growth there. I don't think it's like linear and just accelerates. I think we'll have new products that roll out, new exciting things that come. We'll have some big new partnerships that come over time. And each of those will add to it. And ultimately, the more products we can externalize, I think, the more partners will have and that's what we're most excited about. 
Peter Kern: Yeah. Maybe I'll take that in reverse order, Lloyd. So on the supply side, yes, supply plays an important role both in terms of breadth, in terms of pricing competitiveness and in terms of transaction if you will. Different kinds of discounts, different kind of our member discounts, package discounts other things. So supply plays an important role. We are, yes, we have been ramping our acquisitions, but we've also been ramping something we've been trying to do for a long time, which is our self-service capabilities so that suppliers can more easily sign on. I don't know if you remember in the past, but it always took us a lot longer to sign up partners partly because we had the merchant model but also it was just harder and more cumbersome. And we are working tirelessly to try to change that and try to bring more people on board and self-serve. So that of course gives us scale beyond just hiring back up market management and people to acquire properties. So that's one line of work that we are absolutely focused on and driving. On the deleverage side, I would say yeah you have to look at all the cost of marketing all up, which includes other things besides what you see in the marketing line, including loyalty and pricing moves et cetera. And then we look at our booked GP, our GP we're deriving from the bookings, we're booking and we are getting -- when you compare those two things, we are getting leverage in that number. You can't really look at room nights because you're missing other mix issues and you're missing some of these other components with loyalty et cetera, which is why some of our competitors appear to be getting leverage but they're really getting deleveraged because they're discounting more and being more merchandise and aggressive on the promotional side. So we're getting leverage out of that collective and others are not.
Peter Kern: Yeah. I would just say -- so a couple of things. We don't really disclose repeat rate, but I'll state the obvious which is you heard what I said about the repeat rates of members of app users and how much direct business we have. So I think it's safe to assume that you can follow the trend lines of where that's headed as we continue to build these higher value higher repeat rate customers into our base. As for the time frame, we want to drive leverage in marketing broadly and long term, but it's not just up to marketing, the effectiveness of the product I think Lloyd asked about supply, the effectiveness of supply. All of those pieces play a part in marketing efficiency having the right product on the shelves, the right high converting product for the customer. And again, all the things we've talked about and moving them into the right products into membership into app et cetera. So there's a lot of pieces that fall together. Right now, we're interested in investing in the right types of customers that build that base of high lifetime value customers. And as long as we can do that in an efficient way, and again, as we look at all our spend, all up, we are doing that more efficiently right now as against book value. So we're very happy to keep investing in that. Over time, we will get better and better at finding those pockets, as I said on a more granular level. But right now with the blunt instruments we have, we are driving app membership all of it and the right kinds of customers into the funnel as best we can and we will get sharper and sharper on that over time. So I don't think there's a – we're not saying okay by the end of 2023 we have to pull x many basis points out of marketing. We're saying that as long marketing can drive the right base of customer – high-value customers into the machine. And as long as the machine is getting better at converting them into the types of customers we want, we're winning and we want to keep driving that. 
Peter Kern: And I think – sorry I was just going to add in if you look at our ADRs, we've driven quite strong ADR growth and I think stronger than some of our competitors at any rate. And part of that is driving the right customers, driving the right products. And as Eric says, being less promotional. And we think that's evidence of that as compared to what's going on in other places.
Peter Kern: Yes. So to be specific, and I don't want to underwrite our instruments, but our goal is true granular understanding of every customer's lifetime value, and the difference of where those customers emanate from and what actions they take that indicate and drive, higher lifetime value. That is the holy grail of understanding customer value, and trying -- and getting super sharp and efficient on buying, as best you can all the right customers. Right now, we've given you some basic ideas, which is we know members perform much better. We know app users perform much better. We know, if they have both they performed much better. But that obviously, is a broad brush, not the finest brush you can have. And we ultimately want to have a very fine brush, so that we can know, if we find people in a certain performance channel, they're more likely to perform a certain way, maybe by geo, maybe by product that they come in on et cetera. So we want to have all that scope of information, and that involves understanding all our customers in a common way. As we've talked about many times, we have data on our customers that were in silos, because they were Hotels.com customers, or Expedia customers or Vrbo customers or Orbitz customers, or you name it. And as we continue to consolidate the data, as we continue to consolidate those customer files and as we get everybody essentially into one broad loyalty program, we will be able to understand customers at a much more granular level and that will give us more tools. I'm not saying our blunt tools, aren't good tools. They're just not as fine, as we can someday hope to get to. And then, as we add personalization on top of that, we will have a bunch more drivers that allow us to trigger more high LTV events. So, there's a lot of opportunity in that still to come. We're doing lots of good stuff now, but it will get better and better over time. And as far as grabbing back share, and mix shift to direct, we basically said, as I alluded to in general, we're willing to give up unprofitable short-term traffic for longer-term gains. That involves buying somewhat different kinds of traffic. As Eric alluded to, we've been much more leaned into a cap acquisition and other opportunities where we know there's more value. And that involves again, making short-term trade-offs whether it's in technical transitions where we have to give up something in the short-term, to move faster. So we've been willing to do that, and give up some of the historically highly unprofitable, the last incremental performance marketing customer purchase. So that's kind of what we've been going through. But we're getting better at understanding and being able to drive member sign-up. We were never that great, at getting sort of the owned sign-ups as honed as we wanted to do, getting the owned app downloads going faster. So every time we make that better, we see more opportunity then to drive into okay, now we can acquire this set of customers and they'll perform better, because we can get them into these high lifetime value activities and then we get more value -- drive more value out of them long term. So that's what I'm talking about, in terms of grabbing back share, where we can grabbing back opportunities. And these things are not perfect. And as we see veins to drive, we are looking for more and more veins to drive, that will drive growth and ultimately drive share. 
Eric Hart: As you mentioned, Q3 is our seasonal high from an EBITDA perspective. If I -- if we look at Q2, we feel good about where EBITDA came in, call it, in the aggregate or the quantum and then also seeing the leverage that I mentioned in my prepared remarks. And we continue to operate the business in a very similar structure, if you will. So we feel good about the quarter. As I also mentioned, our pacing also looks and when I say pacing the forward bookings or whatever language one wants to use on what's on the books already for the coming periods, that's also above 2019. Now, the bulk of the transactions still need to occur over Q3 or Q4 for that matter, but thus far, feeling pretty good about the trends that we're seeing. And then just adding a layer of comments on the – what Peter went through is, we continue to remain in an environment where there's more volatility in trading that I have necessarily seen in the business historically just given the pandemic and COVID and variants that come along and now disruption. And so there are periods, where you might see more volatility than we've historically seen, but the consumers continue to be resilient and continue to prioritize travel in their spend. And as Peter mentioned, and I mentioned earlier, the back half of July and early part of August, was back to similar levels of Q2.
Eric Hart: Hey, Naved, I'll take the first part of that, and perhaps Peter you take the second one. They are on a like-for-like basis. So, that is giving you a sense for what we believe is the more accurate representation of the trajectory of the business. And again, just for everyone clarification, it's essentially taking out Egencia, the Chase non-lodging components and then also the lodging service agreement that we have with Amex GBT, so that it gives you a sense "for our core business" and what the trends look like given the puts and takes that we've had given the changes that we've made over the last few years.
Eric Hart: Yes. Hey, Naved, I want to just clean-up my quick remarks, because we actually have both in there both on a like-for-like, and on a reported basis. So let me just be really clear. We provided both numbers, which is the 9% on a like-for-like basis for total lodging gross bookings, and then the 8% on a reported basis. And then the WACC, itself is on a reported basis just to make that clear.
Eric Hart: Thank you. Yeah. And so Peter spent a fair amount of time and I did well just around the gross profit and looking at it from a holistic perspective. But I do want to just make sure that I reflect and we reflect that we have said that we are going to be a couple of things. One is aggressive in marketing spend and the recovery. So to the extent that we see opportunities to acquire the types of travelers or customers that Peter mentioned, we are going to push into that and are seeing nice returns from that perspective. And then two is, the profile of the travelers and customers that we're acquiring because of a mix shift of marketing into longer-term relationships such as brand marketing or creative, as I mentioned and then also app downloads that we're essentially building cohorts over time that have a higher lifetime value, but also can take longer to hit the P&L if you will. So there's a timing aspect to it. So again, gross -- both gross profit, we feel good and we feel that that is healthy. Two is, we do want to be aggressive in marketing given the rebound from the pandemic. And then three is longer spend profiles from a mix standpoint in our marketing spend.
Eric Hart: Yeah. Thanks for the question. I appreciate it, Brian. It's a very dynamic environment. As you can imagine, there's international tax treaters that are being negotiated. They're DST taxes that are ebbing and flowing if you will. That ultimately, it is something that we're watching. We're building it in of course where we need to. Don't necessarily have a crystal ball on it. But ultimately, I believe that we won't be the only ones that are impacted if you will on a per geography basis. And it will impact pricing and ultimately what the consumer may end up paying in the end. And so, I don't foresee at this time any detrimental impact to our ability to acquire the types of customer relationships that Peter and I have both spoken to, but it is a very dynamic environment and something that we're spending time on in Washington.
Eric Hart: And just – sorry I can just add to that as well quickly. Just around we've announced and launched some new products at our EXPLORE conference and then subsequently are ramping those. And just a couple of examples on how we can drive engagements with our travelers and customers and the relationships that one example of that is our price tracking product that we rolled out relatively recently. And early days, it's quite positive what we're seeing. We're seeing good uptake and people signing up for it. We're seeing great open rates when we send notifications and then seeing very strong return rates as well. So again, it is of course about our ability to generate transactions from customers so that we can deepen our relationship but we now have new tools that we have developed that we are rolling out that are showing great promise and engaging those customers along the way in their journey. And then subsequently you can imagine after that first transaction that just gives us more and more opportunities with an increasing number of customers using the app which is the multiplier as Peter talked about and being a member which is the multiplier on the amount of – the depth of the relationship and a number of transactions. So that all of those are adding up for us to increase our number of customers or share of wallet and ultimately drive the business in a profitable way. 
Eric Hart: You have the typical seasonal component on take rates. But what I would say is there a number of different moving parts. We've got a higher mixed North America the Vrbo to Hotel relative to some of our historical numbers, which I think we've talked about in previous quarters. We also have a slightly higher margins on Vrbo itself just given some of the take rate decisions that we've made over the last few quarters. And so that revenue margin has benefited from mix so more lodging or less air. So I would expect that to come down just to revert somewhat back to the mean. But there are promotional activities as Peter talked about that we're not necessarily as aggressive or making different choices along the way and balancing that with marketing spend. That will continue to be dynamic. So feel good about the take rates. They are higher. They have – some of that is because of mix. We should expect some of that to come back down but we feel good about the absolute level where we landed.
Eric Hart: One quick thing to add as well which is not necessarily your question but I think it might be helpful to you all which is just around -- we didn't spend a lot of time in this call on constant currencies or FX impacts to our P&L just given our weighting to the U.S. market to your question, but if we did adjust on a constant currency basis as compared to 2021 our EBITDA would have been 4% higher in Q2. Yeah. So there we've got a slight detriment or knockdown in our EBITDA. So we would have had slightly higher EBITDA margins and would have had 4% higher EBITDA on the quantum of dollars as well. So again not your question, I do think we've got an opportunity from a marketing perspective all else equal with a strong dollar sending U.S. residents or Americans into Europe, but there's also some adjustments or some impacts to this quarter as well.
