Dara Khosrowshahi: Thanks, Alan. We expected the second quarter will be a tough one, with a number of factors stacked up against us, and it was. Mark will get into the details, but I wanted to lay out some of the issues that affected our performance this quarter. From a year-on-year perspective, we had difficult revenue comps in Q2 due to Easter falling earlier this year than last. In addition, the challenges at Hotwire we called out last quarter were particularly in acute in Q2. And in fact, Hotwire's performance in the quarter was worse than we expected. Lastly, on the expense side, we had a particularly difficult comp for sales and marketing. In addition, we saw some incremental factors that affected our second quarter results and our trends moving forward. First, we continue to face a challenging competitive environment, especially in the U.S., with 3 major travel players entering the brand marketing space: Booking.com, TripAdvisor going forward and our very own trivago. This translated into weaker growth in Q2 for some of our highly profitable direct channels. The impact was more pronounced for Hotels.com and Hotwire, since Brand Expedia was able to offset the impact with strong performance in variable channels as its conversion rate continued to improve. Second, we saw a broad negative impact of TripAdvisor, one of our largest marketing channels, moving to the metasearch model globally, impacting traffic, revenue and profitability. The transition has been difficult, and the environment is quite dynamic relative to our past history with them. We continue to work with TripAdvisor and are beginning to see signs of improvement in the channel relative to early results, something we would expect to continue over time as we move beyond the initial transition. Although making us incrementally more cautious, we haven't let these pressures affect our desire to make smart investment decisions to drive long-term growth, and we continue to push very hard at both eLong and trivago. eLong continues to aggressively compete and gain share in China, affording us a unique and sizable position in our Asia-Pacific operations. And in its first quarter as an Expedia business, trivago continued its international push and grew its revenue nearly 80% year-over-year. trivago is continuing its global expansion and is currently focusing ramp-up efforts in some very key markets, including the U.S., Canada and Australia, New Zealand. And based on a strong consumer response to these markets, we've increased our marketing investment relative to our initial plans. Combined, eLong and trivago investments drove a $13 million year-on-year reduction in adjusted EBITDA compared to the second quarter last year, the bulk of which represented incremental spending relative to what we described to you on our last earnings call. We remain optimistic about just how big these businesses can be over the next few years and are allocating capital accordingly. Now let me turn it over to Mark to take you through some of the numbers before I give a few closing remarks.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And Ross, as far as Booking.com and they're competitiveness, they've been competitive in those channels for some period of time. It's nothing new. And we talked about the global travel opportunity being $1 trillion opportunity. And even in the U.S., our business represents close to 6% of U.S. room nights. That leaves plenty of growth for many, many players. And I would say that we haven't seen any particular change in Booking.com's competitive activity within the trip channel or SEM. Where we have seen a change is definitely the offline channel. And in the off-line channel with booking coming in, with TripAdvisor coming in and with trivago advertising as well, it's tougher for some of our brands to get the kind of share or voice that we've had in the past, even if we up our spend. So from that standpoint, the direct channel, the brand marketing is definitely becoming more competitive. One of our own brands, trivago, is one of the entrants there, and we're seeing really, really good success in the U.S.. But in the other channels, the real issue for us in TripAdvisor was a switch from pop-up windows to metasearch, and that hurt us in the near term. Although, we're seeing some good constructive trends as we optimize that channel. And in search engine marketing, if anything, for example, for Brand Expedia, the SEM channel has been a significantly positive channel as we have increased conversion. And as a result, were able to market more effectively. So it's really the brand channel where we're seeing the competition and the change in the marketplace.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I'd say, from an international basis, we've seen a couple of factors. One is Southern Europe continues to be, on balance, weaker. Spain, for example, for trivago, was in a particularly strong market, although Germany was a very strong market. So there seems to be a difference between Northern Europe and Southern Europe, and those trends have been continuing for some period of time. We did see with hotels.com some slowness in the U.K. and Ireland and especially toward the June time frame. Some people chalked it up to the warm weather there. And we talked to some of our search partners, and they were -- they talked about search volume for travel being pretty weak, especially during the summer season. From a Brand Expedia standpoint, the European regions look pretty good. Expedia last year was weaker in the European regions. We have invested in product. We have invested in increasing some of the brand marketing and also invested pretty aggressively in variable channels and in the European regions. And Europe has gone from being, let's say, a weak point last year for Brand Expedia to gaining positive momentum, and we're hoping to build on that momentum. And then when you look at the APAC region, the Asia Pacific, we're seeing continued competitive environment in China. eLong continues to gain share, but that does come with a significant investment on the marketing side. And we don't see that competitive environment easing up. We see it continuing, and we're going to continue to invest in that marketplace because we really do think that we are building a scale operation and securing possibly a leadership position in that marketplace.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, it was a combination of both hotels and cars. That business, it continues to be fairly weak. And we talked about the competitive factors. And in an environment with rising occupancy and rising ADRs, we continue to see inventory pressure, so to speak, on the Hotwire front. And that hasn't eased up. We are working through some initiatives to hopefully regain some momentum in that business. But at this point, it's not operating the way that we want it to.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the investments that we made in some of these growth areas, listen, we want to have flexibility as a company going forward. We think that these are good investments that are going to pay off, and they're significant markets that we think, if we win in, can give outsized return to our shareholders. The assumptions that we've made on the second half of the year are that trivago is going to go into a bit more of a profit mode. trivago's profitability is almost all second half from investment mode in the first half. We're pretty confident that's going to happen. And then we're assuming that eLong continues to invest heavily in the China market, both in variable channels and off-line channels as well and also continues to gain share and to grow their room nights at accelerated rates. We don't see that changing. We think we're in a pretty good spot. And what we will do is we'll make sure, just like this quarter, when we talked about the $13 million of incremental costs, we'll make sure that we break out sort of the emerging investments that we're making so that you can track the core OTA business as against some of these emerging areas. As far as our balance sheet goes and our capital allocation strategy, I'd say nothing's changed. We have brought in a significant number of shares over a long period of time, and we believe in reducing our capital base. And I think on a go-forward basis, you can expect the same, although we're not going to talk about exactly when or how we're going to do it. And we will look to make acquisitions on an opportunistic basis. And we have started our dividends, and we just announced an increase of dividends as well. So we -- this is a company that produces a lot of cash flow, and we believe in a balanced strategy as far as capital allocation goes. And I'd expect the same going forward as what you've seen in the past.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Bo. So with respect to trivago's marketing strategy, trivago has a very strong track record of entering new countries using predominantly television advertising to build strong brands with which they back up with a great product. And over the course of their expansion, and they're now at 39 countries around the world, they have developed a pretty sophisticated formula on how they do that. And it goes along, like I said, you spend up, you build up a strong brand. And generally, over time, these markets become profitable and you can move on and reinvest into greater expansion. We saw, based upon the historic track record of multiple country launches, great traction in the countries we mentioned, U.S., Canada, Australia, New Zealand, including a number of other countries. And we liked what we saw, the team liked what they saw. And we decided to pour a little bit more fuel on the fire. Again, it's all very measured investment based upon metrics, and they've got a strong formula. With respect to competition from supplier direct, we're not seeing any material changes. It's been fairly consistent for us over the course of the last number of years and nothing different to report.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Brian. As far as Trip moving further down, I think it's much too early to tell. The difference that we saw with Trip was a pretty substantial decrease in the number of clicks that we got from Trip. And we've been working to optimize our click share, so to speak, within the Trip marketplace. And again, the early results that we're seeing are encouraging relative to the first couple of weeks. So we're working to optimize that, and we're pretty optimistic that we can. As to Trip going more downstream, et cetera, I think it's too early to tell. Trip has always been a very significant traffic generator for us. It's, as you know, one of the leading travel brands, and we don't see that changing. We do think the meta product is a better product for them. We'll keep an eye on it, but we haven't seen anything fundamentally different now. As far as Google goes and the Carousel product goes, we've taken a look at it. Google is a company that experiments constantly. We have not seen any material change in either our paid or our free traffic from Google as a result of the Carousel. But it's early, and it's something that we'll keep an eye on.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. So I think in the U.K., the weakness that we saw was more Hotels.com, but we've definitely felt in the last couple of weeks with Brand Expedia some weakness as well. I think that the Hotels.com and Brand Expedia are a little bit different in that Brand Expedia because of the platform changes that we've made, because of the replatforming and especially because of the package business, we just moved up to the new packages platform, was able to mitigate some of that weakness. But I would say that the last month or 2 in the U.K. has broadly been weaker from a market standpoint. Just Brand Expedia was able to offset it a little bit because of the packages platform.
Dara Khosrowshahi: As far as the effect on Brand Expedia, Brand Expedia has been actually quite strong in the U.S. over the past couple of quarters. I think the effect that we're seeing with Booking.com is just a share of voice effect. And again, the brand marketing that were out there with both for Brand Expedia, Hotwire and Hotels.com, on average, has a lower share of voice than we've had in the past. Brand Expedia, because of the platform investments, I think, is mitigating some of those effects. We're possibly feeling some of those effects with Hotwire and Hotels.com, although it's tough to tell whether it's specifically booking or if it's the environment or if it's generally a number of competitors in the marketplace.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure, Michael. As far as the booking windows in Europe, I wouldn't say that we've seen a drastic shortening of booking windows one way or the other. We're seeing a couple of factors. One is that the Brand Expedia package business is growing quite nicely. The beach vacation package business is growing again, and we think that's, to some extent or to a large extent, the result of the replatforming that we have been working on for some period of time. We are also seeing significant strength on the mobile channel. On a global basis, we now have over 50 million mobile downloads across our various brands. And the mobile channel, especially as it relates to handsets, tends to be much more last-minute than the desktop channel or the tablet channel. So I think that the increase in mobile bookings that we're seeing, both in the U.S. and in Europe, would probably indicate kind of a second order shift to shorter booking windows. But other than those 2 factors, we're not seeing very, very big movements one way or the other. And I'd say on the ETP standpoint, we haven't seen ETP being affected one way or the other as far as booking windows go. As far as our -- the trends that we're seeing in the rental car market, we do continue to see prices being fairly strong. Revenue per day looks good. And we think that's a result of the ongoing consolidation in the industry, and that consolidation continues. In general, we did see some of the weakness that we saw, Hotwire offset by a bit more strength on the retail portions of our other businesses. Some strength in EMEA and the Asia-Pacific regions, but that wasn't enough to offset the weakness that we saw in core Hotwire, so to speak.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Just to add 2 points to that. We are absolutely seeing ETP hotels or hotels that we convert to ETP perform better than hotels that have not converted to ETP. We see higher length of stay. We see average higher ATPs [ph]. And we see those hotels gain share in our marketplace, which is broadly as a result of higher conversion. There are higher cancellation rates with ETP agency transactions. But overall, the hotels that convert over to ETP do materially better in our marketplace than hotels that haven't converted. We do think that based on the pace of higher -- the pace of our ETP sign-ups, by the end of the year, we're going to have a pretty significant percentage of our hotel volume over ETP. And I think at that point, going into next year especially, you should see ETP become more of a driver for the overall business that shows up in the metrics.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the hotel -- listen, the hotel performance is a function of conversion. And when we tested out ETP with our consumers and we gave consumers the choice of either buying merchant or having a choice or even buying pure agency, ETP was the choice that won out. And the beautiful thing about our business is that we can experiment. We can run experiments against each other. So clearly, ETP has been -- consumers have voted, and we've built back the product based on the consumer vote, so to speak. And we're seeing the result of that within the marketplace. And as a result, the hotels that have transferred over to ETP are producing more than they did and are producing more than their comp set. So from that standpoint, we're very pleased with the product, and really now what we want to do is roll it out so that it becomes a higher proportion of our overall revenue on a global basis. As far as, has it matched our expectations, et cetera? I'd say broadly, yes. There are always operational pains that you're going through, et cetera, but the team has done a great job working through those operational issues. And we're seeing really good momentum now with some of the big brands as well. The Marriott's of the world are signing up. Those hotels are being converted, and I think everyone is happy with the early results that we're seeing.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. We have seen some traffic headwinds in general, but some of those headwinds for us have been really a question of mix. So for example, you have a situation with TripAdvisor where if you are advertising on TripAdvisor and you're one of the top 3 advertisers, consumers would be popping windows every single time they clicked on show prices. As TripAdvisor has moved to a meta model, all of those windows aren't being popped up. And that will translate into lower traffic to our sites, which you probably have seen in some at the comp score metrics. We are also cleaning up some of the lower converting traffic with pop-ups, et cetera. And in general, I'd say we're moving more away from that kind of traffic than we have been in the past as we've looked into consumer behavior and whether that traffic really converts or not and the lifetime value of consumers coming in through those channels. That said, we have seen in the U.S. with some of our brands, particularly Hotels.com, a bit of a slowdown with direct type-in traffic, and we've observed that really in June, July. And it's something that we're watching closely because that kind of traffic is pretty valuable traffic, both in terms of the kind of customers that are loyal to you and in terms of the profitability of those customers. In the meantime, we are investing in variable traffic generators, et cetera, to build up our traffic base and build up a loyal customer base, which we're hoping to keep with our loyalty program. So that program continues, but we have seen some short-term headwinds.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, the activity continues to increase across the board. We are seeing very, very strong app trends across the various brands. We got over 50 million apps downloaded across our brands right now, and it's broad. It's in the U.S., it's in Europe, it's in Asia Pacific. eLong is doing a terrific job as far as driving app downloads, and I think the quality of our mobile product is second to none. Expedia has won a Webby, et cetera, for the quality of those products. And Hotels.com, if you'd look at them in the app ranking, they are consistently on top of the app rankings in many, many countries. So we're very, very happy with our production on mobile and our growth in mobile. It is in the 20% range on many of our brands and in many of our countries, and it continues to increase in share on a global basis. So it's a very positive trend for us, and we certainly see no loss in momentum there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just thank you everyone for joining us. We know it was a tough quarter, and we know that we've got our work cut out for us for the balance of the year. And we're certainly up for the challenge.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Thanks, Ross. So with respect to EBITDA growth for the rest of the year, just as a reminder, our expense comps gets significantly easier throughout the year. Cost of sale, the VIA impact basically disappears. Sales and marketing in the first half have very difficult comps as last year, Brand Expedia was ramping up. We'll be comping over that in Q3 and Q4. G&A gets a lot easier. And then also, technology and content starts to slow as well. So the expense comps get just particularly easier. And then, revenue is something that is -- as we said, we think is sustainable over time. And I will remind you, too, that at the time of our last conference call, we spoke about the Hotwire organic forecast takedown being replaced by trivago. And just a reminder that Hotwire is much more of a normal seasonal business and, therefore, has particular impact. They have particular impact in this quarter. trivago, given the phase they're in right now, is just much more back-end loaded. So the organic business was already back-end loaded, and trivago basically accentuates that.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So generally, the trip spend was a significant takedown this quarter, and it really evolved throughout the quarter. We are positive year-on-year in April and went significantly more negative through May and June. That spend, essentially, was replaced with increases in both trivago, as well as increases at eLong. That essentially filled the gap there, and that spend that, at least in period revenue, is a little bit less efficient. So that's probably the biggest story. I would also say that again, towards the end of May and into June, as we saw more pressure on -- in the brand marketing channel, again with the TripAdvisor, trivago, Priceline, Hotwire, all of the players in the marketplace, that did impact a bit our direct type-in traffic, which is really the most efficient traffic. And so that creates a bit of a mixed shift, if you will, into more expensive channels. Just to give you a little bit of the numbers I said in my script, but trivago itself added 11 points of growth to sales and marketing this quarter.
Mark D. Okerstrom: And I would also just give you just some color on the international room night growth deceleration story. Last quarter, it was about 43%; this quarter, about 29%. The big drivers there and the biggest driver was the disruption that eLong had with [indiscernible] in China. That started at the beginning of the quarter and ended more or less in the middle of the quarter. The next will probably be Easter, which was a big factor as well. And then TripAdvisor is another big driver for us internationally. So those were probably the 3 biggest drivers. And then we did see some tougher comps for a number of our businesses internationally as well.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. I'd just say the Hotwire situation, as we mentioned on the last call, Hotwire was responding to what they saw. They ran a big May sale, and that caused incremental spend above and beyond that, which they were able to recover through revenue. And that really drove the situation. So beyond that, that's not much more to comment on.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Well, I would say that it's starting to be material to the company with respect to our rev margin. And of course, we are seeing conversion uplifts if you take ETP in isolation alone. But of course, there are a whole host of other factors that go on into conversion rates, and so it's difficult to isolate the impact and expect that you would see broad-stroked acceleration across the business directly as a result of ETP. You've got the TripAdvisor transition going on. You've got some brand pressure. You've got continued overall improvements and conversion across really all of our brands. So we certainly think that ETP is a product that opens up the aperture to us in a huge way in terms of Europe and international, to some extent, domestic. We think it's overall long term going to be a great thing for this business. But I think in terms of expecting acceleration on the back of ETP, as it grows, to be more material, we are optimistic but it's not something that we would urge you to expect.
