Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Stephen, I'd say that it's those factors combined. We look at the air environment; we are in an environment where average air ticket prices, average airfares are up 12% and the airline yields are at all-time highs. So to some extent, that has pushed out leisure customers. Business customers, we're finding, are continuing to fly. We're seeing good, solid volumes on Egencia. But our leisure customers are price sensitive, and as a result in general, we're seeing more weakness on the air side than the hotel side. There are some other factors that are affecting our air volumes. One, is that in general, some airlines are restricting their forward distribution on metasearch site, that hurts our traffic coming in. And again, the airfare environment is another factor. We have also introduced some fees on an opportunistic basis and some European point of sales, as well as some interline fees. For example, in the U.S., which helped our revenue per air ticket, but certainly hurt our air ticket volumes. And then I just said on the hotel side, one thing that we are benefiting from is continued optimization on the Hotels.com, on our EAN site, on Venere, as well as the Expedia end-to-end platform, which has successfully started to turn around conversion and turn hotel conversion positive, while we're not yet getting that benefit for Expedia on the air and the package side. So one thing that we're really looking forward to are the potential positive benefits. And we're pretty darn confident that we'll get those positive benefits for Expedia when we rollout the air platform early next year and the package platform in 2012.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. In general, while we don't break out the average results, the general rule of thumb that you should use is that it's not consolidating the joint venture. If the joint venture was consolidated in with our results, gross bookings and revenue would be growing faster by 2% on a year-on-year basis. And the joint venture was profitable in the quarter. So while there are expenses against the revenues, we're in excess of expenses and it was OIBA profitable. So it didn't quite hurt OIBA growth rate as much as it hurt top line revenue growth rates. But that's certainly something for you to keep in mind when you're looking at our numbers. As far as LCCs go, they are very important to the ecosystem, especially in Europe and in Asia. We have been working to build out our LCC inventory in Europe, and I think the supply team has done a very good job there. And in Asia, obviously, we've started the AirAsia joint venture, and we're getting the exclusive inventory there, which we think is an incredible long-term asset for building out the Expedia brand on a Pan Asian basis. And there is no Pan Asian OTN. I think this positions us in a unique way to win that race and that plays. At this point, we're going to see how the joint venture with AirAsia bears out. There's a lot of work ahead of us. We love having them as a partner. And to the extent that, that works, we're always open for something similar elsewhere. But at this time point, it's not something that we're actively looking at.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And then the comments on Southern Europe. I would say that the slight decrease in growth that we've seen is something that we're watching pretty carefully. The most significant factor that's affecting our lodging business and the results are actually foreign exchange rates. Foreign exchange was a pretty significant tailwind in Q2 and for the beginning of Q3 and for Q4, obviously, we're not expecting that tailwind based on the comparable foreign exchange rates in Q4 of last year. So this is -- it's a strange time from a week-on-week basis, we'll have a terrific wee, and we'll have an okay week. I think it's just too soon to call a general trend. But if you look at our numbers and the room night growth that Mark was talking about, in general, it's pretty comparable to what we saw in the second quarter with Southern Europe just being incrementally a little bit weaker than we've seen earlier in the year.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. Naved, on Hotels.com, Hotels.com come in Q3 just shot 40% on a gross bookings basis. Keep in mind that the comps for Hotels.com got tougher in Q3 versus Q2 because of, one, the volcano comps that Hotels.com enjoyed. And if you remember, last year in Q3 was when the Hotels.com platform started to really take off and started to really perform. So the Hotels.com team now has to optimize the site and draw conversion above what was a pretty well-performing site in Q3 of last year. But we continue to see very healthy growth for Hotels.com, both on a top line and on a bottom line standpoint. As far as the Expedia replatforming goes, the approach that we've taken is to replatform, first, the hotel path from an end-to-end basis. And basically, what we're doing is building out a completely new path on the new E3 is what we call it platform. And then pointing consumer traffic to that new path. The advantage of the platform is quite simply that it's a platform where we can iterate on at substantially faster speeds than the old platform. We do take our time to kind of redesign what we think is a better, smoother experience. And that significantly better experience, along with the ability to iterate and introduce new feature sets more quickly to the site and test the efficacy of those feature sets, has translated into steadily improving conversion on the hotel path since the beginning of the year, and in particular, since our introduction of that path on an end-to-end basis. Honestly, it's not rocket science and it becomes a test and learn factory. We are aided by the work that the Hotels.com and Venere teams have done because we look at what tests, what experiments have worked for them. And to some extent, we'll copy the step that works for them and use their efforts as a guideline. We plan to do the same thing for the air path, which we expect to launch in the beginning of next year, and the same thing for the package path. In general, the air and package technologies are quite complex. But to date, the Expedia technology team is really hitting their marks. So we're confident that they're going to hit their date and then we'll start testing and learning. And hopefully, we will drive similar conversion trends as we saw on the hotel path. Although, I will say that the macro trends on the air business, because of air ticket prices, et cetera, are a bit more friendly than the macro trends on the hotel side.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I'd say we're being opportunistic. Obviously, the ADR environment is pretty healthy in the industry and we're being opportunistic in sourcing more promotional inventory. In certain number of brands, discount brands, for example, the Hotwire brands, we are taking sometimes decreases in margin in order to deliver more attractive pricing to our consumers. And I think you can see the result of those actions is very healthy room night growth even in an economy that, while certainly not a blowout economy, does seem to be recovering.
Dara Khosrowshahi: It's early on the Groupon partnership. We like the product. You can see it on the site, the sales are actually quite encouraging from Groupon. I mean, the big question for us is, is it incremental or not and how are the Groupon customers? Are they coming back and using Expedia for their other travel needs in general. The discount/sale space for us is a pretty interesting space that we're taking on a number of ways. We have what we call ASAP deals, which is an amazing price on Expedia. We run 48 hours sales on Hotels.com. We got travel ticker, which is a piece of the Hotwire business, which is a great aggregator and finder of deals out there on the web. And increasingly, we're looking at mobile as a specific channel for kind of mobile-only type deals as well. So our approach to this area is multipronged. Groupon has been a strong partner for us. And I think over time and especially into next year, we're going to figure out what the best approach is going to be.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as Google traffic, we, like you said, we should start to anniversary some of the changes that Google made as far as Google local, et cetera, goes. Note that Google Local rolled out over a period of time and the vast majority of TripAdvisor traffic is actually international. So we can't -- I can't really characterize what that rollover looks like from a traffic perspective. That said, I think, the TripAdvisor numbers from a top line perspective from a CPC perspective are self-evident that the business is healthy and growing nicely. The one strategic action that TripAdvisor is taking as far as traffic goes, is that to the extent that the growth rate of free Google traffic has slowed down as a result of the changes in Google, and that's certainly something that we felt. TripAdvisor is more aggressively spending in page search, in SEM to offset some of that traffic, especially in the international markets where the TripAdvisor brand is new. And certainly, we see enormous, enormous opportunity. So relating that to your margin question, at this point, we're not talking about long-term TripAdvisor margins. The TripAdvisor team I think as part of the spin process will probably talk to various investors, and we'll do a bit of a roadshow so they'll have an opportunity to talk about their business. But I do think that from a long-term perspective, as the international business for TripAdvisor becomes a larger mix of the business that tends to be a lower margin business. And you can anticipate the public company costs and some of the effects that we talked about from an Expedia spending standpoint for TripAdvisor, are going to hurt TripAdvisor margins when it initially comes public. But obviously, that's stuff that will annualize over time. The key for TripAdvisor is kind of user growth and the ability of that site to monetize over a long-term perspective. And those parts of the business are quite healthy. From a Google Flight's perspective, it's an interesting product. It's an incomplete product. It's fast and that's interesting to us. And speed is something that we're quite focused on, on a go-forward basis across all of our sites. We are happy to see OTA links at the bottom of the Google Flight result, so having that marketplace be a more open marketplace is a positive result for us. And it's a product that we'll continue to watch. Right now, the result set is not a comprehensive result set, and to the extent that the result set itself only includes supplier direct results. We think that, that product will be made is missing some of the lowest prices out there. But at this point, it's just way too early to call. I think Google is an innovative player. They have a dominant market position. And I think we'll be hoping that they don't abuse that power and abuse that market position. And otherwise, we'll be watching their products on a go-forward basis.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think as far as Booking.com goes, their results speak for themselves. Their room night growth is significantly above the room night growth of really any other player out there. Our room night growth is something that we're satisfied with and remains healthy. But if you go by the law of averages to the extent their overall room night growth is as high as it is, you have to assume that in new markets, there room night growth is even higher. And probably higher than our room night growth. So in looking at the Asia market, looking at the Latin American markets, the growth rates there for us are quite healthy relative to our overall growth rates. But we absolutely believe that we can do better, and we're hard at work building out cost systems and the kind of systems and processes that will allow us to execute better to, hopefully, accelerate our room night growth in those secondary and tertiary markets. We think there's a lot of potential there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: But we don't expect kind of a continuing expense built based on similar to what you said. I think we've got the right number of people, the right engineering team to build out these platforms. We don't need to keep investing incrementally. And you will see that in our P&L next year. So if you think from an expense comp standpoint, the expenses comps are going to be most difficult in the first quarter and then the expense comps will ease as we move along the year, because we don't have to keep building from where we are here. As far as the Marriott deal goes, listen, I think that we look for full inventory and I think the major brands look for full distribution. It certainly doesn't surprise me that Marriott has extended the agreement with Booking.com. And our goal will be to extend our agreement with Marriott on a worldwide basis. They've been a good partner. They have terrific product and I think that the devil is going to be with what the economics are and what the other terms are. And hopefully, we can get there with Marriott as we have with many of our other partners. Otherwise, we don't specifically talk about our relationships with one brand or the other.
Dara Khosrowshahi: No. So we haven't received the tax ruling yet. But there is no indication that, that is going to be a significant issue, nor is an indication that we're going to have any issues with the SEC in the near term. I think both of those matters are proceeding according to our plan. So no real big red flags there.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. As far as the rest of Europe, I'd say the most significant factor that's affecting us is -- there are 2 factors. One is foreign exchange, again, a foreign exchange with a significant tailwind, it's not going to be as much of a tailwind going into Q4, which should hurt our ADRs on a year-on-year basis. But I think from a room night standpoint, that's a decent environment to work with. In general, our European business is growing nicely, growing faster than our domestic business and we're quite confident of our execution there. The Hotels.com team is doing very well, the private label business is growing at very, very high rates. Egencia is growing nicely as well, along with Venere. And I think, again, the challenge for us comes to Expedia and the platform work there. But we're confident that with some of the platform work and some better inventory going forward, we can continue to accelerate on the European side. Agency bookings in Europe continue to be a positive factor, and we do expect agency as a percentage of our total business to keep growing, particularly in the European markets and secondary and tertiary destinations as well. Another factor that is affecting Europe as well as is the average room night per transaction are coming down slightly. We think that's a mix issue, to the extent that we build bigger domestic European business. You're not going to have the week-long kind of stay to the U.S., you will have the day trip to, again, a secondary, tertiary destination. So that's another small factor that we're seeing, which actually is encouraging as far as our mix goes. The Latin American market for us is a very significant market that we're relatively under penetrated in. Hotels.com has a nice foothold in Brazil and Expedia has a site in Mexico, and we expect to go full service in Brazil as well. But I think, in general, Latin America is an under penetrated opportunity for us. We have to continue to invest in marketing. There are certain local players like Despegar, who are very, very aggressive on the marketing side. And we also have to build out some of our payment solutions in order to be more relevant for the local customers there. It's a $70 billion marketplace, so lots of potential there. But I would say that right now, we're more ahead in Asia than we are in Latin America. And Latin America is certainly an area that we're going to focus on, we are focused on, but we're going to continue to focus on going into 2012, 2013.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Sure. In general, the faster growth rates in Europe versus the U.S. are broad, both on the hotel side of the business and on the air side of the business. In European air, we did introduce fees in certain regions to be kind of competitive with the other players out there, which hurt our European air volume to some extent. But the European air capacity, I'd say, is a bit better as well. So I'd say that the European strength is broad. And again, it's a market that we are less penetrated in. It's a market that we're quite focused on. And so far, we like the results. As far as TripAdvisor goes with a 30% growth, again, it's the same story for TripAdvisor. Domestic is growing at healthy rates, but the U.K. and Europe in general are growing a bit faster. And the rest of the world, Asia Pacific, India, China, et cetera, growing at substantial rates at lower profit margins than the U.S. and Europe. So TripAdvisor from that standpoint really doesn't look too different from the rest of our businesses. China is a focus for us, and we're investing pretty aggressively in China, where we're not profitable, but we're building good businesses, strong brands as far as Daodao and Kuxun go in China, we think is well worth that investment.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. Kevin, we're always looking. We've got a very significant cash position. And the areas that, in general, we do look at our international markets. We look at travel and media. We're certainly aggressively looking at the corporate travel business media for smaller opportunities as well. We haven't found any at this point that are of particular interest. And to some extent, we're putting our capital where we think we see the greatest opportunity, which is some of the buyback activity that you've seen recently.
Dara Khosrowshahi: The air business we don't really look at it as a standalone because a significant portion of our air business is our package business. So if you include our air and package business, it is a profitable business. It's a business and a value proposition that is important to our customers. And the package business allows Expedia to offer kind of a unique value that you don't see elsewhere, you don't see in hotel-only players, you don't see in supplier direct, et cetera. So it's a core part of our business. We're investing in it as far as air search times, as far as the air search path. And we think that we actually have opportunity going forward to build what is a great air product. I think at this point, our air product can get a lot better. I do think that with the consolidation that you're seeing in kind of the domestic airline space, air unit economics are going to be pressured on a go-forward basis. And that's something that we're going to have to deal with in Q4 and kind of going into 2012, as we go into our planning cycles. On the direct connect, we don't have anything to discuss at this point. We're constantly in conversations with our airline partners as far as inventory goes. We like our inventory position. And in general, we've been very closely assigned with our GDS partners. And I think on a go-forward basis, we'll be able to get the kind of inventory that we need, hopefully, with our GDS partners on a go-forward basis. We don't see that change.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Listen, we don't have a specific stance on that. I would let our air partners lead on that. In general, higher air ticket prices are something that the leisure consumer is feeling the effects of and is suffering from, and we don't think that adding taxes on top of that will be a good move going forward. But this is not something that we're actively lobbying on in D.C., so to speak.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes. And as far as the Thailand flooding goes, it's a tragic event. But at this point in Thailand as a point of supply, so to speak, is too small to really affect our overall numbers. We do see that when destinations get hit by events, the Japan earthquake, et cetera, often you see traffic patterns being diverted. Although, certainly, overall traffic does suffer. But at this point, we don't expect the events in Thailand to be significant on a worldwide basis.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I think, in general, when you look at our model from a long-term perspective, we've done a good job on the cost of sales side, so cost of sales have grown slower than revenue in general other than this quarter. Our G&A expenses have leveraged against revenue. Sales and marketing has delevered against revenue in general. When you look at our sales and marketing growth this quarter against last quarter, it's decelerated significantly and hopefully, we can move our sales and marketing growth to be more in line with revenue on a go-forward basis. And at the R&D side, on the technology side, we've been very open with investors about our investments there. They'll start annualizing into next year, but we don't think that there's kind of another round of big investment ahead of us. And hopefully, those investments can turn into revenue. We've seen that at Hotels.com, we've seen that in our private label business, we've seen that in our corporate business and we're starting to see that in parts of the Expedia business. And hopefully, that can back and roll out going into next year, and we can get the kind of returns that we expected to. And frankly, we do expect to on a go-forward basis.
Dara Khosrowshahi: All right. Thank you very much for joining us on this quarter. I think this is a bittersweet quarter because this is the last quarter in which we get to show off withot all the great work that the TripAdvisor team has done, and they will get back in the glory of their incredible execution. So from that standpoint, it's a sad day. I just want to personally thank the TripAdvisor team for incredible performance from them as a team over the past couple of years. We've learned a lot from them as far as all things search, et cetera. And they've been good friends and they'll continue to be great friends and great partners on a go-forward basis. So special thanks to that team. And at the same time, I think for the Expedia team, it will be interesting kind of new birth of the new Expedia going forward. And we're very, very excited about all of the new products and technologies that we have to come out, and we think that all of our brands can compete substantially, better consumer value propositions on a go-forward basis. And to the extent that we build value for the consumers, we think good things will come. So looking forward to see what the TripAdvisor team can do as a public traded company, and looking forward to a new Expedia and our growth ahead. So thank you very much for joining us on the call, and we'll be back next quarter.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So first question, just about the impact of the areas of joint venture on room night growth. There's a couple of things going on there. I think as Dara mentioned, there is about 2% of growth deceleration, if you will, resulting from the AirAsia joint venture. In addition to that, we are, in Q2, in the sense that we have the benefit of the volcano comp, which helped prop up growth rates, as did some timing on Easter. So there's a few things happening. And if you normalize for those items, you get much closer to a comparable room night growth rate. The spend timing. So spend timing is by and large as we've been saying, we expect it to happen in Q4. Things are tracking according to plan. It will be the latter part of Q4. And we'll be back to you with timing on road shows, et cetera, when we have more information.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. I'll take the expense one. We’ve been building up the team and building up cost to some extent to support the Expedia re-platforming throughout 2011. That build is nearly complete. But of course, we will be seeing the full year impacts of that throughout 2012. So though we've built the infrastructure inside, you'll see a little bit more probably, another good sort of 2 to 3 quarters of expense built that you'll see on the year-on-year numbers.
Mark Okerstrom: Sure. So there are a couple of items that impacts expenses. Obviously, I think the most significant one that we mentioned at the onset of the call was the occupancy tax settlement reserve increase that you'll see in G&A. And of course, also in G&A, as we mentioned, are number of costs associated with the ramp up of essentially the new Expedia Worldwide team, if you will. And those are items that led to G&A growth, I think, it end up being 38%, which is certainly something that we are not striving to continue going forward. We expect to see leverage on that line going forward. And then additionally on the expense side, generally in technology and content, as we mentioned earlier, we have been building up the team that's been working on the Expedia replatforming effort. We've got a great team in place and we think, we by and large finished up building that team. However, you will see us annualized those expenses into next year. So that we do have the team fully built. You'll see some tough comps for us on the expense side for a few quarters yet to come.
Mark Okerstrom: Yes. I think that's reasonable to expect. The occupancy tax item was $12 million, so that's obviously a significant item in the G&A line item. And then of course, we have been building again that headcounts and other expenses for the Expedia business throughout the year. So you've seen a significant portion of that in Q3, and again, it's going to be annualized in those numbers throughout the next subsequent quarters.
