Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. Listen, I'd just remind you that it's still pretty early on, so it's pretty difficult to predict. It will depend on the adoption rates of the hotel collector agency model versus the merchant model. And what we've seen so far is that in -- as Dara mentioned, in the domestic market, we've seen people continue to prefer the merchant model, and outside of the U.S., a preference for the agency model. And we also have a pretty strong -- or pretty large packages business that we hope will become even stronger as we roll out the packages' end-to-end product on Expedia. So again, it's difficult to predict. I would just say that the merchant model, we believe, is going to continue to have a pretty material role for our business going forward. But to the extent that we do shift more to the agency product, of course, that will have a negative impact on our working capital. But of course, we've got a strong balance sheet. We've got significant liquidity. We have been, obviously, working on this, as Dara mentioned, for a long time, and we think this is a great investment to the extent that we have to make an investment of our cash flow and balance sheet to make this possible.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So it's hard to say what impact the macro conditions are having on our business. As Dara mentioned in his prepared remarks, we haven't seen a material change from what we've seen over the last quarter, which was isolated pockets of weakness in Southern Europe. More or less that continues. But listen, we're accelerating more or less in all regions, Europe included. We think that based on what we think the market is doing, we are taking share in most of the regions, including the U.S. And what's driving that, I would say it's really we believe us executing on the playbook that we've worked out across our business, which is a combination of great technology, great online marketing and a great hotel business and pulling that all together. So I think it's a combination of everything.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So there are a few things going on with the room night numbers in Q3. I would say the only one-timer that I would call out was we did lap over the AirAsia joint venture being excluded from our results, which we have been disclosing separately. But that's probably a 200- to 300-bp impact on the room nights. But even with that, when you take that out, you still have an accelerating case. And I would say that one of the big drivers of that is indeed the acceleration of the Expedia business. We have been in a period for a fairly long time where we had all of the businesses, led by Hotels.com, putting in pretty consistent room night growth and really, the big delta here is Brand Expedia. And listen, to parse it out between conversion and marketing, it is a difficult thing to do. Generally, what I'd tell you is that in the variable marketing channels, such as search engine marketing, conversion allows you to drive more volume. It allows you essentially to spend more money on marketing and produce bookings. And if you look at our marketing spend this quarter and, in fact, the acceleration of our marketing spend this quarter and look at the growth rate compared to our merchant gross bookings, you'll see a pretty tight correlation. And that's driven by a combination, really, of great performance of the product, backed up by good marketing spend to drive more growth. In terms of the APAC mix, it is under 10% of gross bookings and revenue, and it's mid to high-teens percent of room nights.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, I think the other thing I would add is that we are making marketing decisions on a by-brand, by-geography basis. And so there's a fair bit of mix that you will see on our P&L. And in general, as we continue to grow more aggressively international and in areas like Asia Pacific, for example, those can be generally less profitable markets for the first few years, and that could drive deleverage on the P&L as well. And again, that is great volume. The opportunity is very significant in those markets, and it's something that we believe very strongly we need to invest in, but it can result in mix shift impacts on our P&L that makes our sales and marketing look a little bit less efficient than actually on a like-for-like basis it may actually be.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So we do have about 13,000 hotels signed up so far. About 9,000 of those are hotels that we would classify as chain hotels or strategic accounts, with the remaining being independents. We've had a great reception from our chain partners, and we're pretty excited to be working with them on this. In terms of the rollout plan, we've got about 3,000 of those hotels actually live right now. It takes some time to actually get them trained up and converted over to the new platform. And we will plan, by the end of the year, to have significantly more live. We have the functionality essentially rolled out on the majority of Hotels.com websites now, either with 100% of traffic or 50-50 in testing. And I would say the same for Expedia. They're a little bit behind in rolling it out just because of the technology. And by the end of the year, we expect to have the functionality live on both Brand Expedia and Hotels.com globally. In terms of the how fast we'll roll out new properties, again, we've kind of got the flexibility here to see some of the trends that we see and accelerate or decelerate. But so far, we like what we see, and we're going to continue to roll out according to our plan. We have not done any special promotion of participating hotels. But we have seen that hotels that are participating are generally getting significantly more volume than those that don't. And really, that's driven by the fact that consumers really like this product. And so they're just more likely to book with those hotels if they've got the choice of versus those that they don't. And the other thing we're seeing is that hotels that participate are -- generally get bookings on average of longer lengths of stay, which is a great result for our hotel partners. More volume, bookings with longer length of stay is a good thing. And then the last thing I would note is that the -- again, it's early, but so far, we're seeing this model be significantly more attractive to consumers outside of the U.S. than it is in the U.S. European consumers really like that, and then we think that'll be a great thing for our hotel partners, driving more international business into the U.S. hotels. And then we think it'll be a great thing for our business in terms of giving us more opportunity to expand internationally. But again, it's very early to tell. We're excited with what we see. We'll update you when we know more.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So with respect to take rates, we're not going to get into the specific details. I would just point you generally to some of the pressures that you've seen on our revenue per room night over the course of the last few quarters. We've called out mix into non-U.S. regions and mix into chain hotels. So to the extent that ETP as a product drives greater mix into chain hotels or greater mix outside of the U.S., you could expect that to put revenue per room night pressure on the business. But again, that's pressure that we like. That's pressure that is driven by volume-related mix shift. So it's an investment that we are very happy to make.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So it's really hard, again, for us to comment on the overall impact of macro on the market. And the reason is, is that we are still fairly small in Europe. And Europe is a very attractive market and one where we have had, for some time, I would say less than best-in-class execution. So as we've rolled out the new platforms and have been executing on our playbooks, we have considerable headroom to grow in Europe. And so to some extent, we end up being less hit by macro conditions, at least less hit than we can see because we are in a share-gain mode. Now if the economy there was really booming, perhaps it would be higher. But again, that's very difficult for us to tell.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So I would say the quarter was fairly consistent. We did see, I would say, strength build a little bit as the quarter progressed. So that was a good sign, but nothing super significant. It was pretty steady improvement as it unfolded. With respect to the air ticket growth, the real driver there was VIA Travel. It's a big corporate travel business, which is pretty air-heavy, and so that drives really the bulk of that growth. And without VIA Travel, the growth would've been closer to the lower-single digit range.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Yes, I would say the impact was pretty consistent across all geographies, slight acceleration as we move through the quarter.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So transactions, that's a metric that we just actually don't look at internally anymore. There's so much in our business that's driven by product mix shift, that, that metric itself has become much less meaningful than room nights and air ticket and car days, which are what we look at internally. So we're striving to basically give you guys metrics that we use to understand the business and help you understand the business, and transactions was increasingly becoming less so that type of number. With respect to what we're seeing in car, we did see some compression in the summer. And that, of course, made opaque inventory a little bit more scarce. We are not expecting a meaningful change in that situation as we move into Q4. We are expecting still some compression. And for our business, there wasn't anything materially that changed in the quarter. Again, we did have some weakness in our opaque inventory. But that ultimately got offset, for us anyways, in terms of some uplift that we saw from some Brand Expedia improvement on the car product.
Mark D. Okerstrom: Sure. So listen, given the best way to model marketing efficiency is by brand, by geography, but of course, you don't have that, so the next closest thing you've probably got in quarter is specifically merchant gross bookings and our hotel spend. Of course, Expedia Traveler Preference could make that a little bit more difficult to track over time, so it may be a temporary fix. But that's probably the closest. It is not perfect though, of course. We've got multiple products that are in merchant and multiple things that we spend our marketing money on, including brand marketing, which can generally move the numbers because it's less tied to specifically in-quarter activity. But hopefully, that gives you a little bit of guidance. In terms of trends for room nights for Hotels.com, I would say that the Hotels.com and the rest of the brands, the trend has been pretty consistent. They continue to perform at a healthy level, healthy growth rates. We haven't seen anything materially change in that. And as Dara said, a lot of the changes that we've made in the hotel platform and really the way that we're executing on this playbook should be things that we believe give continued growth in that business. And that's in all of those businesses, and that's certainly what we are seeing.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And, Ross, as far as your question on the acceleration on the hotel business, we want to get out of kind of disclosing every quarter the room night growth for each brand. I think it's safe to say that the Expedia brand room night growth continued to accelerate materially and the other brands continued their excellent execution as well: the Hotels.com brand, EAN, et cetera. So for us to be able to accelerate our room night growth from 22% to 27% on a stay basis, means that everybody played their part.
Dara Khosrowshahi: I think, Mark, I'd just add that I think that for the next year or so, the trends that you'll see from our business are going to be based more on our own execution and the playbook that Mark talked about than macro. And I think in addition, you've seen online travel agencies, in general, during good times and bad times, and we, as a group, tend to perform pretty well during difficult macro conditions. This is a pretty "recession resistant" type of business, and we don't expect that to change going forward.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, Brian. The trends are, I'd say, unambiguously positive. We see more of our traffic across all of our brands coming mobile. The most significant and popular use case for mobile is for last-minute type booking. 60% to 70% of our bookings are for hotels 24 hours out. Mobile is truly a global phenomenon for us. The Expedia Hotels app is -- was downloaded around 5 million times in 220 different countries, so we're building very, very global solutions on the mobile space. In general, our mobile conversion tends to be a little bit lower than our desktop conversion, but that's to be expected. But I think that the delta that you hear with media company monetization between mobile and desktop is not nearly as much of a delta for us. And we think the other benefit of mobile for us is it's a different use case. These are -- we were not highly penetrated in the "walk-in traffic" and last-minute type business. This allows us to penetrate into that business and kind of a new market that we hadn't been in previously. I think the other factor that's pretty interesting for us is that tablet behavior is pretty different from iPhone or phone behavior. So when we talk about mobile, we're kind of putting tablet into its own category, and I think the challenge that it gives to us is it creates lots and lots of different form factors that we essentially have to build designs around. So while it is a great kind of a business opportunity to us, we do think that it provides some challenges on the development and the design side. And it's going to be a challenge for everybody.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Heath, I'd say it's more of a mix issue than anything. Kind of relating to what Mark talked about, to the extent that you build a better product that can convert better -- and the Hotels.com team has been doing that pretty consistently. The Expedia team is a little newer to it, but is clearly doing it as well. You can then go out in the variable channels, especially where you can get instant reaction with the Googles of the world, with the metasearch players of the world, and you can essentially afford to bid more for a transaction that, call it, the last quarter or last year, you couldn't bid as much for. And you can still make the same amount for that transaction. So it's not an issue of accepting a lower profit margin for that transaction. You can still get a similar efficiency; you can just get a higher position. So we -- what you're seeing with us right now is a shift into some of the more expensive channels because we can afford to pay for some of those expensive channels, when last year we couldn't, rather than call it a macro shift in competitiveness one way or the other. And the other factor that Mark talked about is the timing factor, which is we obviously pay for the marketing cost up front, and we recognize the room stays later. So to the extent that you've got a business that's accelerating, as you see ours is, you might see a heavier marketing load up front before you start recognizing all the revenue.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And I'd just add that, at this point, ETP is not a significant factor in our results one way or the other. And as it rolls ins, we'll tell you more about it. But this quarter really wasn't about ETP. The next couple of quarters, hopefully, will be.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, Naved. The gains continue both on Hotels.com and on Expedia. This is a -- it's not a 1-year thing. It's setting up long-term processes where you can optimize your site, where you can experiment at very fast rates, and we have not seen the conversion gains at Hotels.com stop. And having the 2 teams -- having Hotels.com and Expedia, the Hotwire teams, even the Egencia teams, all experimenting faster based on agile technology allows the different teams to compare notes. We're comparing notes with our great friends in eLong as well. And we think it kind of creates a pretty interesting environment as far as getting better and better at selling hotels on a global basis as a family of brands.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, I'll leave eLong to get into more commentary as far as China goes. They'll dedicate a whole call to it. But we've been very, very pleased with our progress in China. eLong has been gaining share in that marketplace against the top player for some period of time. We don't believe that those trends are going to stop anytime soon. And there has been very aggressive discounting in that marketplace, which while difficult for short-term profits, we think, is driving a lot of consumers to book online. And we think, over the long term, in addition to the share gains, we think that's just a benefit. The more people come online, the faster in a market like China, the better for ourselves and even our competitors in the Chinese market. So we're pretty pleased with where we are there, and we expect the eLong team to keep competing, keep executing effectively.
Dara Khosrowshahi: There was a slight impact, but I think that the Olympic impact, in general, is not one that's large enough to -- that wasn't large enough to really affect our numbers. We did observe a healthy U.K. market post-Olympics, so the U.K. really picked up. And that's certainly a good thing.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And as far as Liberty goes, we've read some of Liberty's comments publicly. They've been a great partner for us. They've been terrific board members, very, very constructive, and we're quite happy to have them as investors. Liberty is obviously very active on the transactional front. But at this point, I think there's nothing really to say. Our philosophy on our own balance sheet is that we want to put our considerable cash flows to good use. And over the long term, we've been shrinking our capital base for some period of time, and that's not going to change one way or the other. But to the extent that Liberty is interested in different structures, we'll talk to them. But at this point, it's nothing more than the comments that we've heard.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Pretty strong across the board. The Brand Expedia has been getting stronger in general. Hotels.com has been doing incredibly well internationally. The private label business has been doing very well internationally as well. So it's been pretty broad strength across our various brands and businesses.
Dara Khosrowshahi: VIA Travel is actually executing really well. We are getting to know the team. We're really impressed with the talent of the team there, Espen and group. And northern Europe in general -- if you look at Europe, northern Europe, where quite a bit of VIA Travel's business is concentrated in, seems to be outperforming the rest of the continent, so to speak. And as a result, VIA is over-performing versus at least the deal case that we had out there, and we're quite positive on the business, and we're quite positive on that team.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Michael, a call without you asking about cars would not be an Expedia call, so we're happy to tell you all about that. Mark is going to answer cars. But as far as platforms go -- listen, I think it's a great question. The challenge for us now as we build out technology and as we build out designs for our various sites is to build those designs in an adaptive way. That means that they can adapt to the form factor that the user chooses. So if the user is on a PC, the site adapts to the size of that PC. If they are on an iPad mini, the site also adapts to that iPad mini. It creates more upfront work as far as the kind of design, that you do decisions on what's really important to present on a page versus what's not important to present on a page. In general, our sites are not adaptive at this point, in general. And as we're building out new feature sets, as we're redesigning pages, we'll look to design them in an adaptive way so that they can adapt freely to the various devices that you -- that the user wants to use. And listen, we think this is an opportunity for technology companies out there, for technology leaders out there. This is -- it's going to be a challenge to build out adaptive designs in general. It's something that we think can differentiate us, but it is an upfront cost. Just the fragmentation of the devices on a worldwide basis is going to make our jobs more complex, but I think that, that allows us to differentiate ourselves and to add value in the general travel value chain. Mark is going to take on the other questions.
Dara Khosrowshahi: And, Ryan, the only thing I'd add on the relationship of marketing to our other metrics is, don't judge us by our marketing spend versus revenue or bookings on a quarterly basis. We don't run the basis -- run the business on a quarterly basis. We obviously believe it's really important to keep track of your trends and make sure that you're keeping operational execution discipline. But we are building this business for the long term. And sometimes, if we invest in one quarter, it may not pay off until a few quarters down the road or a few years. And that's not going to stop us from making that investment.
Dara Khosrowshahi: Yes, they are. They're meaningful. Expedia is over 10%, right now, mobile. If you look at Expedia and its product, right now, Expedia really has a hotel product available on its iPad app. We're coming up with -- pretty soon, with an air experience on our iOS app, which really, really looks beautiful. But in general, when you look at the hotels or Hotwire, they are ahead, and with Expedia, as we add on more products because Expedia is a multiproduct business, we expect our mobile transaction penetration to increase. The hotel experience is great, but we think the air experience is going to be very, very good.
Dara Khosrowshahi: The quick update is that we're not seeing it affect our overall business. We -- obviously, Google is a valuable partner of ours. They're a long-term partner and we do a lot of business with Google, and that business, in general, is increasing. The Hotel Finder product hasn't been a significant producer for us. We participate in Hotel Finder, but I think, at this point, Google is doing lots of experimentation. On the air side, initially, when they launched the air product, it hurt our free traffic to our sites. And Google, obviously, has huge market power, and to the extent that they're sending traffic to their own sites, that really hurts any third parties and it hurts kind of the general environment. But over the last quarter, I think that trends haven't changed significantly one way or the other.
Dara Khosrowshahi: No, just a special thanks to the Expedia employees who do all the hard work behind the results that we talk about this -- during these calls. Especially big thanks to the LPS [ph] team for ETP. It's been a huge rollout, and special thanks to that team. Thanks very much.
