Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks, Eric. Happy to address that. So just to be clear, the vast, vast, vast - virtually off of the success in alternatives and Vrbo has been through the branded Vrbo sites or as I mentioned, some of the sub-brands that are specific to countries. We have a very modest business in the alternative space that happens through our OTAs. It has been a less than satisfactory product that we are working on aggressively, but it is a small, small part of the business. We do believe, though, that in time, that can be an important part of the business, particularly when you think about markets where Expedia or Hotels.com or any of our OTAs might have strong brands, but Vrbo is basically non-presence as a brand. So we think that's a scenario where being able to pipe that through is really valuable. We think even in markets where they overlap, there can be use cases where customers are coming into Expedia or another brand and could absolutely want an alternative accommodation and want to see that option revealed as against hotel and other kinds of options. And then I would just add that, while you didn't ask it, I think there's - we believe there's a big opportunity for alternative accommodations through our B2B partners, which it is not currently really piped to do. So those are all opportunities to continue to expand on the alternative space. And I think to take advantage of what we have in terms of supply, but what we don't necessarily have on the brand side to drive it in certain markets. Hope that…
Peter Kern: Okay. I'll take those questions in order, I guess. First of all, the - I would say the lion's share of the improvement, yes, is due to strength in North America compared to other places. I mean, it is a tale of many stories in different markets, has come back at different rates, but I would say in terms of any big drivers, North America has generally retained more willingness to move around people engaging in more travel, less we haven't had government shutdowns in the way we have in other places. So yes, I would say North America is probably the bulk of the story over that month or so. The - to your second question, no we don't intend to break it out not because we don't want to make all of your lives easier, but because we because we believe it's one business. Essentially, as I mentioned about piping Vrbo content through the OTAs, and we view this as just another product that a traveler will want. It's not - obviously, it's having a great moment, and we're glad that we own it, and we believe we can ride some of the success travelers being exposed to the product type in a new way. But we view it collectively, and we view it as one business that we're driving whatever the best outcome for the consumers and driving that outcome across all lines of business. So, we think this separation has been artificial effectively, and we're not planning to report it that way in the future.
Peter Kern: Yes. Thanks for the question. I might sort of smash those two together a little bit, which is relations have been quite good with the hoteliers. I think we're all aligned and hoping and working towards helping them come out of it. We've renewed a number of agreements without much debate. And I think our focus has been really on doing more to help the hotelier, as you alluded to, through data, but some of the examples include things like optimized distribution, which we've talked about before where we essentially become the wholesale distribution point for a number of hotels. We've done this with a few chains now. And that gives us an opportunity to help them clean up the marketplace, where they might have a wholesale market that is perhaps being abused by some players and driving the wrong outcomes for them. And with our technology and with our approach, we can help clean that up for them, and we think that's a net positive for both of us. Similarly, we have been sharing more data. We're working hard on new tools to provide more data to drive real-time decision-making for hoteliers, so that they can optimize revenue in better ways. And of course, we're doing our part to try to drive and improve the product so that we can sell higher value rooms, room types, upsell product, et cetera, so that we can help drive ADRs and overall revenue. So there's a lot of work going on. I think we're tightly aligned in wanting the hotel to come out and be successful. I think the hotels understand and appreciate the role we play in a rebound, and it's been a quite good environment and good relationships all around, and we're all working hard to try to rebuild the market.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Well, maybe I'll take those in reverse order. Thanks for the questions, Lloyd. I think morale is quite good. I think people are energized. I think in the early days, there was fear of survival and all those kinds of things. We're long past that. I think we are trying to drive a performance culture, a culture that gets a lot done, and we've shrunk the company considerably in terms of manpower. So people are working hard. People are tackling big issues. This replatforming of our entire tech stack, it's a big undertaking and there's a ton of work going on there. There's a ton of work going on with suppliers, as we just talked about, ton of work going on for the customer. So I think morale is quite good. We're trying to build a culture where people who want to win and want to thrive, feel inspired to do their best work. And I think that's what we're doing. Does that appeal to everybody, maybe not, but that is what we're driving? And I think there's a lot of energy behind that. So I would say morale is good. People are engaged. People feel good about our new mission and our purpose, and I think we're all aligned behind that. As far as the performance goes and Eric, jump in, if you want to as well. But I would say, we're very sharp-minded about it in the sense that we're happy to invest in anything that drives incremental profitability, good revenue and good profits. And we're not keen to continue on a path of just continuing where investment was not productive. So we didn't find investment in the Google VR product, particularly incremental. We didn't think the customer experience was particularly valuable. And we are, of course, also in a period where we're seeing great direct traffic for Vrbo. So we found other ways and, in our view, more profitable ways to drive traffic. As far as the rest of performance marketing goes and performance marketing for hotels and Meta, et cetera, the different products for the consumer. It's a different proposition and clearly has historically had value for the consumer. I think we feel like we will continue to play at it. I think we will continue to improve at it. I've talked before about how we've smashed together our performance marketing teams, where we wiring all the data streams. We're pushing towards multi-brand algorithms and things we haven't done before. So we think we're going to get much better at it in terms of being able to optimize for the portfolio. And continue to use it, hopefully very effectively. But right now, there are no - I wouldn't say there are big tectonic shifts in what we're seeing as to how we would apply that money other than we're going to be very clinical about it, in terms of looking for and driving the best veins of profitability we can, wherever they are.
Peter Kern: Jump in anywhere, Eric. But I would just say, Kevin that broadly, as I mentioned, the improvements were in North America and Vrbo was a strong part of it. It's hard to say, whether it's correlated to the improvement in cases that tends to be - sometimes you think everyone should be feeling better and it doesn't show up and sometimes you feel the opposite. But I would say that, Vrbo tends to be long dated. The summer, obviously, is a strong opportunity for the Vrbo use case. And we're seeing people lean into that as the year opens up. And so, by and large, the blending towards that, we have seen some improvement in conventional lodging, again, particularly in North America. But I would say it's a little bit of a Vrbo continued health and even amplified health going into the summer months, et cetera. And a little bit of improvement in the more conventional spaces. And I don't think we'll break out exactly, how good it was, but Vrbo has been strong. Eric, I don't know if you want to add anything.
Peter Kern: Yes. I think, we definitely don't want to be behind. So if anything, we will - we'll certainly invest in getting - capturing the demand. I think, as Eric mentioned, there's its funny thing that happened where stay dates and book dates were much closer together for a large part of 2020. If 2021 starts to look more normal, which it seems to be doing, then we'll start to see that expand again. And I think in that vein, you may see us investing in capturing that demand even if that demand is not staying for some time. And so you may see some dislocation, I would expect or bumpiness in the numbers in terms of when the marketing spend is versus when the revenue recognition is but we certainly don't plan to be back on our heels. We - as I mentioned, we have a strong campaign that we're working on for Brand Expedia. We've got - we've certainly consistently stating, and we'll stay in the Vrbo upper funnel work on brand, Hotels.com, the same. So I think, you'll see that continue, and we will continue to lean in as we believe the market and demand is opening up, no question.
Peter Kern: Yes. I'll take that one first, and let me come back to the other question. But I would say, to be specific in this question, in alternative combinations in our strong markets, we believe we have seen very good share and share growth relative to our competition. But I would say, overall, each of we and our main competitors have different warts and different good guys. We have a very good guy with Vrbo and the use case and where we have supply and where people are wanting to travel. But conversely, we also conventionalizing have a heavy - a strong presence in major cities and international travel, both of which obviously have been hurt equally. I could point to any one of our competitors who has the inversion of that and has is better in secondary cities, et cetera, maybe better in alternative accommodations in markets where we don't even have a presence. Some of those markets are shut. Some of those markets are strong. It's a tale of many stories. So I think as it comes to share, we think we're doing well, where we're strong, certainly in alternative accommodations and overall in North America. But there are certainly competitors who have better solutions for certain use cases, and they're seeing benefit from that. So I think it's really - I would caution anybody to get too excited about share, one way or the other during this because the dislocation really creates a bunch of unique stories. And you can - I would think one could get fooled by a trend that's not a trend. It's just a moment of how people are using travel right now. So - but we have gained and we're happy about that, and in our strongest markets and, particular, in VR. I think your other question was on traffic. The answer is we see a lot of booking. It's not entirely clear that it's all for summer or - which - not - I don't think there's anything that tells you there's something specific people are searching for specific time zone, but we are seeing interest in the holidays already at the end of next - the end of this year. It's still relatively small, but stronger than it had been a year ago. We're seeing trends like that. Some are very strong in alternatives, still highly muted in conventional lodging. And I would just say, there are a lot of things we're seeing that contra being what people think is going on. We see a lot of interest in cities, in terms of quick share and people looking not necessarily booking, but there's plenty of people looking at travel to cities and other things. So, I think it's - I think the looking is not yet indicative of a pattern of booking, but there's tons of interest for sure.
Peter Kern: And I'll just - yes, Brian, I'll just say, haven't given a tremendous amount of thought. I think we've seen hotels historically try to play at in the alternative space in different ways. Hasn't been a particularly large part of anybody's business. No one's made it into a big success, really. I think many of these trends; I think most of the hotel industry thinks will be relatively short-lived. Then they'll be back at it in a conventional way. But I'm sure we'll see experimentation there. I don't think it particularly favors or disfavors us. We play in virtually every product class. And if we can help hotelier sell those kinds of longer stay, apartment-type stay products through Vrbo, we're certainly delighted to do that. But I don't think for us, it's a trend one way or the other that will - that is particularly good or particularly bad. I think it's just maybe a slight shift for some it's just maybe a slight shift for some hoteliers, but not a big difference for us.
Peter Kern: Yeah. Thanks, it's a good question. And to the first part, I think, yes, there's lots of stories in the panels of those of us who play in the world of Google, et cetera, of being de-ranked things and a lot of learning has gone into that. Obviously, we'll have to watch that as we roll it out. But I think you shouldn't think of this necessarily as a peanut butter approach, not all lodging is sort of parallel. So if someone's looking for a hotel for two people in Paris, offering them an apartment for 10 people, not necessarily a solution or a house in the south of south of France. So, I think there will be different solutions. I think we're working through what the consumer experience should be. Some of our competitors have done well putting those things next to each other. But again, it's particularly when they can sort of match up relatively the use case, so the small apartment versus the small hotel room. Right now, Vrbo is largely oriented towards the whole home experience, mostly in secondary places, vacation places, et cetera. So it's really a question of as you get those opportunities, and you want to go to the beach somewhere, how do those things line up, how does the product reveal it in an attractive way and not confuse the consumer, et cetera. So it's really an end-to-end so we have to do, which is what - how does the consumer want to digest it? How can we service the right things for them? And then how do we give them the benefit of the information and the service and all the things one might be used to in a home rental that are different when you rent a hotel room essentially. So, there's a lot of work going into that. I don't have an absolute answer for you, except we know that there is demand. We know that there's a question of getting discovery in places where we don't have brands. We know there is demand from our B2B partners. So we know there's opportunity, but we still have work to do to make sure the consumer experience makes sense.
Peter Kern: Yeah. I think where we have strong brands we are perfectly content to drive those brands. I think we have opportunity to drive them with the same techniques, that we have created and made effective in Vrbo, whether that's from our creative, our approach to performance marketing, et cetera, et cetera. So, there's no reason we can't take a brand like Space in Australia. And drive that through. And there is no little benefit to absolutely turning it into Vrbo. That being said, there are some markets, where we have converted to Vrbo. And we are going to invest behind that brand. And we'll do that in some places as well. So I think you'll see a combination of places where, Vrbo is the right answer. You'll see a few places where we're intent to use some strong local, long-dated brands that have real brand awareness and stickiness. And then as I say, we'll use our other OTA brands and other things to drive it in places where or neither exists. And where we don't think it's worth trying to start a brown from scratch.
Peter Kern: Eric, do you want to take the second one first? I'm sorry. I'm happy to take it. Well, we're constantly trying - I think we've got a number of initiatives to build out more insurance and assurance products. It's one of the areas that we think is consumers want it. They're telling us they want it. We have some offerings there. We think we can expand those offerings. We've got a great team that's going off and executing against it. So I would say generally, we think it's a great product for everyone all around. And we're going to invest around it and innovate around the offerings. From a flexibility standpoint, that's certainly something that's top of mind for us. I don't think it necessarily dips into insurance itself. But of course, we've looked at the terms associated with those, and those have been modified relative to the situation that we're in, i.e. whether you have COVID or been exposed and so on and so forth. And so there's, adjustments that have been made to those policies to make them relevant. But generally speaking, we're trying to make sure that we give offerings. We communicate flexibility. Most of our products have flexibility built to them in one form or another. And we're making sure that we're promoting those on the site, so that customers can make appropriate decisions. I hope that's helpful.
Peter Kern: Yes. And just to add to that, I mean, there's certainly demand from our B2B partners for that inventory. And as Peter said, that can get distributed based on different types of B2B partners, but that's a rewards program, et cetera, that could be template. That could be API. And we just got to make sure that we have, on the template, the right experience and on the API, the right data that folks made to be able to incorporate it into whatever site or however we're powering it.
Peter Kern: Yes, I can take the first part, Peter, which is I think, our focus continues to be for the moment on stabilization and recovery. I think, we've gotten through the stabilization, and we're in that recovery phase, if you will, and call it the early innings of that. So I do think that we feel like we're in a great position, as mentioned, with the $3.4 billion, plus the $2 billion on the revolver. But I - from a capital allocation standpoint, I want to make sure that we can invest behind our brands and feel comfortable we'll be able to take whatever level of risk we decide to do so that we can be relevant in that recovery and be in that conversation with consumers. When it comes to the debt side of the house, which you didn't ask, obviously, we paid the $650 million off of the revolver to get that back up to the $2 billion. But at this point, I would say we're in that recovery phase, and not obviously looking to return capital. But down the line, I suspect we will want to take down our debt, get back to investment grade, all the good things we've talked about in previous quarters. And then we could talk about how do we think about returning capital. Now more specifically on your question on M&A, I would say, we're more in an opportunistic posture at this moment. We've got a strong legacy in M&A as a company, as you will know. We are certainly out and having conversations and seeing what might be opportunistic, if you will. But right now, I would say we're primarily focused on ourselves and making sure that we get our data platform right. We got our marketing right, we can invest behind the business.
Peter Kern: Sure. So I would say on the listing side, we and our competitors have a fair amount of exclusivity. Sometimes that's because of geography, sometimes that's because of tight. It's a bunch of different things that drive it. We're not spending a huge amount of time trying to figure out how to just make our inventory entirely exclusive. We're trying to spend our time building the category. I think that's probably broadly true for them as well. As far as increasing inventory, hasn't been a particularly great market for doing that between home turnover between people living in their second homes and other things. It's been a challenging time. We have seen some compression in certain markets that we serve, and we are focused on expanding inventory in those places. But because of the challenges broadly in the market, we haven't just been really knowing trying to grow supply all over the place. So we are focused on the places where we know there's lots of demand, where we know there's compression as a first order of business. And over time, as the market normalizes and we see an opportunity to attract good quality content, we'll be back in the market doing that. As far as far as the tech stack goes on marketing, we're making lots of progress every day. Are we where we want to be yet? No. Are we going as fast as we think we can? Yes. And we're making improvements every day. So I think, again, converting all of our brands to one common tech stack, one common set of data, one common set of analytics, is a big list. We've been doing it throughout this crisis, and we're still doing it. And - but we are beginning to reap real benefits. And I think at the time, I think you said now that we're coming out of it, I'm not sure how to measure that. But if we are indeed coming out of it, it's probably not going to take 10 months or three weeks. It's going to take a while over the course of this year. I'm sure we'll be coming out of it, and hopefully, we'll be back to some more normal level. And I hope we will be in a good place in terms of the tech stack. We are a long way ahead of where we were and we will continue to make progress every day. So it depends when that recovery comes, but we're making really good progress.
Peter Kern: Yeah. And I think that's it. So again, thank you all for your time. I hope you all stay safe. Hopefully, we can all get back to traveling soon. You probably miss it as much as we do, and look forward to talking to you again, so take care.
Eric Hart: Yeah. This is Eric. Thanks for the question. And just on the marketing as a percent of revenue, just to touch on that. We're not at this point, solving for a specific percentage. Ultimately, we're in this COVID period. And so we're - as we talked about, waiting back prudently into performance channels and then investment in brand where we think it's appropriate, particularly on Vrbo. But, as Peter mentioned, there's just a ton of work that's going on, for example, in performance channels, leveraging our overall data, multi-brand bidding, as Peter just mentioned, but ultimately multi-brand bidding, as Peter just mentioned, but ultimately trying to understand as well, lifetime value and incrementality as well. And so, those are new muscles, in particular, given the scale, the way we're running the business now and the scale of the data that we're aggregating together. So I think there's more to learn there. And then on the brand side, that just has a very different profile than performance and that it has longer return periods. And so, we're confident to invest behind the brands, obviously, doing that behind Vrbo. We expect to do that even more, in some of our other brands as we narrow in on specific value propositions. And line of product behind those. And then, the marketing associated as well. So a long-winded way of saying, we don't have a specific percentage that we're solving for now. But we're certainly spending a lot of time trying to improve on the marketing side and the value proposition and related marketing.
Eric Hart: Yeah. The only add that, I add to that is just around - and you touched on it, which is the booking windows and what we've seen is a bit of a bifurcation, which we've talked about before. But historically, during COVID, we saw a shortening of booking windows. We've continued to see that on the conventional lodging or on the hotel side of the business. But what we've seen is, Vrbo elongate again. And look much more like we would have expected to see any other year, which gets back to the summer bookings that Peter is mentioning. And so I suspect we know there's pent-up demand. People want to travel. And I think people have confidence that they're going to be able to travel at least domestically using the U.S. as an example. And so they're starting to book those summer months now.
Eric Hart: And yes, Kevin, just one quick add on that. Hopefully, it's helpful as well. And Peter mentioned it briefly, but just around the revenue recognition, just a reminder for everyone, when it comes to lodging, that we recognize that revenue at the time of stage, generally speaking. And as we mix into Vrbo with their longer booking windows, particularly in the summer, then you're going to see more of that revenue on the transactions that we're - a lot of those that we're seeing now, get pushed out into the later months. So then when you go back to look at marketing, it's a bit bumpier to use Peter's word, just because we're spending now elevated in Vrbo in lots of different ways where the revenue may be more down the line.
Eric Hart: Thanks for the question. I can take the first part. It was contra revenue, as mentioned, and it was not added back to EBITDA. I think I just gave in the upfront portion, just what the EBITDA would have been if we would have taken that ounce or yes.
Eric Hart: Yeah. Thanks. And I'll just say, Richard, on as the B2B through our - excuse me, alternatives to our B2B partners I remind, everyone that we have a quite healthy B2B business. It takes many forms, including powering rewards programs, powering regional OTAs in places where we are not, in some places where we are and even offline travel agents. And we think there's a lot of use cases and all of that for alternative accommodations. We have not been wired to do it, goes to our tech platform that I talked about frequently. And - but we believe when we can do it, there will be significant demand opportunities in those vectors. So it could take the form of a white label product in certain kinds of circumstances. It could equally take the form of being part of a broader template where we power everything in our rewards program, and that's flights and conventional and alternative right now because the alternative product has not been strong even in our own OTAs. We just don't have a product offering that's particularly compelling for our B2B partners. So that's coming as we build the flexibility into our platform and as we master the alternative accommodations on our own OTAs. We just see it as the opportunity space.
Eric Hart: Yes. And I would just cap that answer with our historical M&A, which was successful also is what made us as complicated as we were as a company. And we are keen to make sure we don't make those mistakes again. It doesn't mean we will never buy something, doesn't mean that we won't find opportunities, but we are not - that is not going to be the core of what drives us. And then on the Vrbo question, Google VR was not particularly significant. And we concluded that it was not additive, which is why we made the move we made. And so it's not - it wasn't like we set a substantial part of our business and just took a shot across the value. We just believed that it was not a particularly critical piece of our business, and we're not adding value, and we made a decision.
