Alan B. Colberg: Well, good morning Mike and appreciate the question. As we go through this year, we are going to continue to evolve our disclosures and one of the challenges as we evolve disclosures in Solutions is just the complexity of the global business. And so that's why we're able to get Property out this quarter and be comfortable with it. We're still working on getting the Solutions numbers out that we can be comfortable and repeatable. But I think in – the short answer to your question, if we look at Connected Living, we had said last year we were at about a 4% margin for the year pre-tax; we're still trending in line with that and continue to expect over time we'll grow to that 8% margin that we've laid out in Investor Day.
Alan B. Colberg: So, I think – the way I think about those numbers, the estimates around the recoverables are going to be – when those receivables convert to cash, that's going to be the dividend that will be available at Health. So we expect to hear at the end of the second quarter from HHS on the final numbers relative to our estimate. And then as those dividends come in the second half we'll take them up. So it is – it is the – right now, the primary risk in terms of our – the capital plan, we feel very good about actual results at Health. So the actual claims experience from the 2015 policies is now that the range of outcomes is narrowing and it's – really and then remember the risk adjuster estimate is the one that's got a little bit more potential variability, because it's us relative to the market, as opposed to the reinsurance recoverable, which is effectively a quota share.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah, again we've taken in – this is our best estimate, I guess is the way to think about it, and feel – with again, the big risk being absolute claims experiences is getting – is more and more in the rearview mirror, which is a good thing from a risk perspective.
Alan B. Colberg: So I think, we're obviously pleased with the strong results in the first quarter, but we did have very favorable non-cat loss experience, which was the benign weather. We have ongoing lender-placed normalization that will continue. One of the positives in the quarter is the improvement in the margins in our fee-based businesses, which continue – particularly mortgage solutions continue to strengthen as we grow that business. But no, I think we had better than expected long-term non-cat loss in the first quarter.
Alan B. Colberg: And the other thing I would add on this is, we are really focused on setting the company up for a sustained growth in earnings, which is what we've talked about as one of the three long-term targets for the company. The way we get there is through this evolution of our businesses and the focus of the resources on the attractive growth businesses, which you've seen us doing and ongoing, combined with the actions we're taking to get to a more agile, efficient operating structure. For example the IT integration that we'll able to drive now with Ajay coming on board to lead that. Opportunities we have in front of us in procurement and then the move to an integrated operating structure that Gene will lead effective in July. So we feel very good about the progress toward not just getting out the residual expenses but going far beyond that as we grow the company.
Alan B. Colberg: So, we're in the middle of a process, and I feel very good about the quality of the candidates that are interested in Assurant and that we're interested in and we're confident that we'll be able to announce something relatively soon, and have that person on board in the coming months. In the meantime though, we're very fortunate to have Chris in the chair, and Chris is an ongoing part of our management team, very crucial to our future. But, no, I feel good about the process and expect to be able to say something in the near future.
Alan B. Colberg: All of it was organic at this point because we acquired those companies, Field Services [Field Asset Services] in particular in 2013 and the other two were in 2014. Now the one thing I would say is we had a relatively softer first quarter a year ago. So, that's part of the reason, but we still feel very good about the growth and momentum in those businesses.
Alan B. Colberg: So, I think, just a couple of thoughts. The thing we're really focused on with that business broadly is the 10% average annual growth in net operating income over time. For this year, I think our outlook remains the same, which is the first quarter was in line with our expectations. We really expect that ramp-up in earnings to happen in the second half of the year, so that full year earnings will be up. But that's – with the visibility we have at the moment, that's where we're comfortable providing an outlook.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. The other thing I'd add is – I think we feel we've made significant progress kind of transforming the lender-placed business as it normalizes, both taking down our expenses, redoing our systems to really maintain our very market-leading best-in-the-industry solutions. And the long-term guidance we've given around the risk expense ratio of 42% to 44%, we still feel is appropriate and it's not going to be linear quarter-to-quarter.
Alan B. Colberg: So, yes and no is the answer. We've said longer-term we expect somewhere in the range of 8% to 12% kind of organic growth for our business over time in mortgage solutions. Some of our services are driven and linked to origination activity like the appraisals we do, but the majority of what we do is not related to new purchases, it's related to the houses that are in default or are in REO-type status, we think about our field services. So we are not that linked to mortgage originations, but we do expect over time as we continue to gain share and demonstrate the value of our capabilities and our compliance that we'll grow that business 8% to 12% a year on the top line.
Alan B. Colberg: So, I'll start by caveating our ability to estimate the timing of lender-placed normalization because we've struggled with that over time. But I think it's fair to say that we are more done than not done at this point. If you think about that placement rate, which was 2.24% in the last quarter, we are now expecting and continue to expect that we end up somewhere in the 1.8% to 2.1%. So we're closer to that than we were at the high point which was almost 3%. In terms of the tracked loans we have, I think the industry-leading solution and a great track record and we've been able to sustain our position in the market over time.
Alan B. Colberg: So I think if you look at the overall number, the loans are still moving around between the various servicers we're well-positioned in general whereever (38:55) that happens. There is a gradual attrition in the backlog as the foreclosure crisis is worked through. But we continue to feel we are the preferred option in the industry and in terms of your broader question, what we said at Investor Day is we think normalization pretty much is complete by 2018 and we're already seeing that for example as we talked about at Investor Day, rate actions to this point are more than normal course of working with the regulators just reflecting experience in markets. So we're already seeing some of that normalization pretty far along.
Alan B. Colberg: All right. I think that's it. Thank you for participating in today's call. We look forward to updating you on our progress in July, and as always, you can reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Jisoo Suh with any follow-up questions. Thanks for everyone's time today.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, the expenses, Mike, in Q1 are still up but lower than they were in Q4. We'll incur some additional expenses in Q2 and then, in the second half of the year we'll start to see the program generate profitable revenue. Again, this is kind of a normal course. I think the first – fourth quarter was a little bit of an anomaly in terms of the amount of the expenses, but we feel like we're back on track now to generate again NOI growth year-over-year and then the longer-term 10% average NOI growth in Solutions.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah. So a couple of comments. First of all, we – as we've talked about on previous calls, we feel very good about the momentum and progress in the mobile business. If you recall last year, we announced a variety of new clients and new programs and that's what starting to drive up the top-line and will continue to drive up the top-line. The challenge in the earnings is, we also have in there the rotation that's going on with the legacy retailers that are in runoff and that's a drag on the earnings, and then all the things that we talked about in the fourth quarter. But the momentum in the top-line I think augurs very well for why we believe this business will continue to scale and drive toward that 8% margin for Connected Living over time.
Christopher J. Pagano: It is a complicated thing. I think the direction we've given is that margins are going to expand over time in Connected Living. It won't be exactly linear because as a program comes in or we have changes in what we're doing that will cause some variability in that growth, but it will expand over time and increasingly, attractive business for us as we go forward.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, I wouldn't consider it a limitation. Again we – and our strategy around buybacks didn't wait for the money to arrive at the holding company from the sale of the Benefits business. It is sitting in legal entities. We expect to request dividends in the second quarter from both Benefits and an ongoing dividend request from Health. We've also again – we took $55 million of dividends from – the combine from Specialty Property and Solutions. So, again the cash – the generation of cash and the line of sight around those cash flows is becoming clearer. Also keep in mind that in addition to the after-tax proceeds from the Benefits sale, we're going to have some capital release in the second half of 2016 in Benefits and then the $400 million-plus of capital coming out of Health once we receive the reinsurance and risk mitigation recoverables.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes. That's correct. So, the – again, couple of things. So, again, subject to regulatory approval, we're going to file our Q1 stat (25:54) returns and then make the request for the dividend. We are not anticipating a problem, but again, it is still subject to regulatory approval.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah, just a couple comments on that. So in the $70 million is the expectation we're going to assume some of the residual costs from the Benefits business for the quarters two, three and four. Health remains an ongoing operation, we'll address the residual costs from the Health segment starting in 2017. So, we have a line of sight of what needs to happen, but as Alan described as we talked about it at Investor Day, our targets are much higher than that. Again, the goal to being to build a more efficient operating model, so that we can not just save money, but support growth going forward.
Christopher J. Pagano: No change, John, I mean this has been our typical (29:33) pattern, we have backend-loaded again the big risk in Property typically being what this cat season looks like. So, but you're correct in saying that there are some earnings in the segments in aggregate available to be dividended up from the first quarter. So, I think that's a fair way to characterize it. In addition to what we've talked about with respect to the proceeds from Benefits, the capital release from Benefits and also the capital release from Health.
Christopher J. Pagano: And then just another thing on the Vehicle business. Again, that is revenue growth that will begin to earn 18 months to 36 months out, when the manufacturer's warranty expires, so this is future profitability from growth that's going on now.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, I think – again, there are two components. One is weather, non-cat, weather-related and this other issue, fire and vandalism. And we're seeing slight improvements in the fire and vandalism components, so potentially a sustainable reduction in the non-cat loss ratio. But it really is driven by mild weather. So, I don't want to – wouldn't want to read into that too much, I don't want to get into that business of predicting what mother nature is going to do out – for the rest of the year. So, but again, good results, a big driver of the positive outcome in the first quarter.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah. I think the key there is this – the investment thesis around the mortgage solutions business was the share gain, leveraging our relationships with the mortgage servicers, expanding our product offerings when we gain share, the growth will then allow us to improve operating margins and deliver the value proposition.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, again Alan mentioned we're in normal course annual rate reviews with Florida in particular, New York as well. We filed and are waiting to hear from Florida in terms of – but again, keep in mind a couple of things. Again ,we're an important source of protection – cat protection in the state. We have a very good relationship with the state, they appreciate our providing capital into that market. The other thing to remember is we haven't had a big storm in quite a while, and that's not going to continue, at some point that will happen, we'll honor the claims, we'll provide the financial support to our policyholders and do what we're set up to do, which is protect homeowners.
