Rob Pollock: Thanks Mike. Let me recap with a few comments about 2010 before we move to Q&A. We are refining the customer needs in a changing environment with a variety of new products across our Specialty platform. We’re not waiting for the economic recovery as we work to grow our business, as seen by new client additions in Specialty Property, Solutions and Employee Benefits. We are becoming more efficient with $23 million in expense reductions to better position our businesses for the future. We continue to grow and manage our capital to enhance flexibility, protect against future risks and deliver value to our shareholders. To summarize, we are demonstrating notable progress in 2010. At this time, I would like to open the floor for questions. Operator, we’re ready for questions.
Rob Pollock: Sure. Well, let me start in general, Vinay, and say, we can’t comment on any specific deal, but we’ve said we are always looking to grow our business both organically and opportunistically through acquisitions. Historically, we said, we’d either build our current Specialty businesses out or look for new niches through our M&A area, and we have very disciplined criterion for how we look at things, and let me turn things over to Chris Pagano and he can outline some of those things.
Rob Pollock: But all of these things Vinay that Mike just outlined I think provide a good example of our adapting to what’s going on and show our ability to be very nimble and pivot to changes in regulation in the marketplace.
Rob Pollock: Well, just a couple of things. One, I think when you look at things; the game is different, right? The game used to be minimized the combined ratio. Now the thing is operate within the realm of what’s available to the Company. So that’s the difference between whatever you collect and however the minimum loss ratio is defined. So I think it’s probably prudent to put yourself in a position where refunding has benefit over not pricing for enough, Mark.
Rob Pollock: We don’t know what’s the new calculation is, so that’s difficult to know, we certainly look at our experience in each of those separate jurisdictions, but again, it’s a bit premature until a little bit more is decided here. I guess one additional factor into that question is really the credibility. If you’ve got very incise blocks by State 2 and I think some of the working groups at the NAIC are talking about how to adjust for credibility, but I come back and say, okay, we’ve just gone through the big study and our belief is there is a room for a very vibrant market here where we think we can earn good returns.
Rob Pollock: Sure. Well, we’ve looked historically at things where the returns on equity would be in the 20% range.
Rob Pollock: Well, we do. Remember, Mark, there is all the things with transition, and so we’ve talked about we think there is attractive returns in the long term, and in the near term, we’ve got to wait for those rules to be published.
Rob Pollock: A couple of things we said, prior to anything with health care reform, we think we’re on track and continue to be for a 4% after-tax margin in the fourth quarter. There are a variety of different things that can go on in any quarter. We see nothing in our experience that says that we don’t believe the 4% is not achievable.
Rob Pollock: The other one I’d point to is what Mike talked about a little bit is, we are seeing quite a difference in the products that we’re selling. So, again, I think that’s a demonstration of our adapting to changes in the marketplace and we always want to just make sure with those new products that we’re analyzing them appropriately and we believe we are.
Rob Pollock: Right, but again, going back to what Chris outlined, remember we’re going to come to you with a deal that makes sense on the cash flows because our business model is very oriented toward generating free cash flow. And then we’ll move over to the GAAP accounting, and with all the changes that have and will continue to go on with acquisition accounting, it’s got to pass that first hurdle. I don’t care if it produces good GAAP results; if it’s not producing good cash flows, we’re not going to be interested.
Rob Pollock: Sure, absolutely. I think the first thing is with everything that’s happened and been passed in the world of reform, it’s hard to sort out, what is the market going to look like? Okay. We believe the individual market, which is pretty good size today is going to expand. I know medical all gets one together, but there are many different verticals operating within the health insurance marketplace and we believe that the health insurance market is going to continue to be a specialty marketplace with skills we can lever. Now you bring up the issue of things like community rating. Our historical strength has been world-class risk management around underwriting, but we, in looking of things, have said that’s kind of a 1.0 version of risk management. In the new world, we’re going to move to risk management 2.0. It’s going to have different characteristics, but it will still be important. We think the fundamental issue of looking at how the consumer buys health care is still going to be complicated and they are going to look for help in consultation on how to access and navigate the system. And then, on all of that, hey, that’s all interesting, but can you earn attractive returns there? We think we can. So, again, it’s based on a set of assumptions, some of those, Mike mentioned, the success we’re having with new plans. We think all those fit in as part of our future, but we’re going to play things out and evaluate what we think is an exciting future here moving forward, and we think we’re going to be right.
Rob Pollock: To me, Ed, we think the specialty platform strategy is the basis of what we are trying to do. I think we will continue to execute that way. Remember, each of the businesses is very focused on what they do and we think that our whole strategy to maximize shareholder value is enhanced by how we come at the market and we think that’s exactly what we’re trying to do in Health is maximize things for both the shareholder and our existing customer base.
Rob Pollock: As we talked about in solutions, John, it will depend on what type of business. So if it’s extended warranties with long manufacturer’s warranty periods, it will take longer. If it’s monthly paid credit, it will come sooner. Again, I think that, to me, we think we are finding opportunities in this tough environment and we’re going to take advantage of them.
Rob Pollock: Yep. So, again, we point out that those portfolios will begin being tracked in the fourth quarter, given how our model operates. We send out notifications, et cetera, and it’s not a flat cancellation, John, which I think is what you are alluding to but rather on additional placements moving forward. That’s how we’ll pick the premium. So it will come on gradually over the course of 2011.
Rob Pollock: We think we’ll get placements here, John. So we’re talking about a 550,000 loan portfolio from a new client. We’re talking about another 180,000 that were assumed by one of sub-servicers, and then Mike talked about the 80,000 that will come on actually from the prior client we won in the fourth quarter of last year, and they’re producing a little bit sooner.
Rob Pollock: Given BofA’s announcement of their intention to sell, I don’t think any of this is appropriate for us to talk.
Rob Pollock: I think this is just another demonstration of a very disciplined decision making process we’ve had underway in this area for a number of years.
Rob Pollock: No, I think that there is a bit vagaries in the non-cat loss ratios over time. I think sometimes our second quarter tends to be up a little from just normal weather patterns, but nothing really unusual there.
Rob Pollock: First of all, Jeff, what you’re raising, we’re in the transition period, so it’s difficult for us, but we’re going to layout our strategy at a point in the future when the transition rules are clarified. That may not be till sometime early next year, I’d say. But we’re testing a lot of new product concepts now. We’re seeing acceptance and are excited about many of the things that we’re selling in the marketplace. Remember, we spend a lot of time in the area of understanding consumer needs in this market and have pivoted our products to things that respond to that affordability issue, and that is really paying off. Now the focus on the loss ratio is a good one and something we need to pay attention to, but I just also want you to think about and point out the game of driving to the low combined ratio is the old model, okay, because the new model says you need to play in an environment where there’s a constraint on a piece of the combined ratio, which is the minimum medical loss ratio yet to be defined. So what you really talk about is how do you operate with the remaining piece and be in a position to generate profits. That’s what we’re focused on and we think there is an opportunity to achieve attractive returns there.
Rob Pollock: Sure. First, the comprehensive major medical product cost continue to go up and we’ve been honed in on affordability of product for the last several. In other words, you’ve got a large buying population who wants to get into the health care system but are constrained by issues around affordability. And we’ve mentioned this before, more first dollar [ph] benefits, but more limited catastrophic benefits for instance. Those kinds of things are gaining quite a bit of acceptance. In terms of risk management 1.0 versus 2.0, I think you start thinking about how and who will access the business, try and get access to the system where. Again, early stages, but we think there are things that we can look to that will differentiate how you deal with people coming into the system.
Rob Pollock: Yes, I mean, to me, again it’s another great example of adapting to what we saw a change that we knew about, we’re able to bring to market with a strategy to sell policies or we enforce again why we like the preneed business.
Rob Pollock: So the other category would include things like our renters insurance, exactly. So those have been the two drivers of growth for us Jack.
Rob Pollock: What we’ve seen it extend out a bit, Jack, and we’ve reported that out to you. It obviously varies by the different servicers in the business. It has also sometimes been impacted by the new programs that have been announced on behalf of the government to try and keep people in homes, so many dynamics going on in the market. I think the way to think about it right now is we’ve seen an extension of how long a policy has stayed in force. I want to thank everyone for joining us today. We look forward to updating you on our progress next quarter.
Chris Pagano: Yes, the valuation methodology starts with, as with any alternative we look at, it doesn’t make sense strategically, how does it fit in with the Specialty strategy. The next criteria we look at is the purchase price, does it produce the return that’s in line with our target expectations for the risks we’re taking on, which is at a minimum, the excess of our cost of capital, which right now is probably somewhere in the 10% to 12% range. We also look at deals based upon cash flows, what is the internal rate of return, and if we find that to be an attractive opportunity, we then start to think about the GAAP reporting issues. The other thing we think about is our financial situation. Again, what is our current capital position? Do we have flexibility to do a deal? But the deal has to stand on its own merits. The fact that we can make an acquisition doesn’t mean that we should or that we will. So, again, the common element here is discipline when we think about M&A and the capital position that we’re in.
Chris Pagano: If you look at what we have available at the end of the second quarter in terms of deployable capital, it’s about $325 million, as Rob mentioned. When I thinking about debt capacity, I think about what do we have available to make an opportunistic capital rise. Right now, we’ve got a 17% debt to total cap. We think there is probably 5% or 6% of additional debt capacity that we can take on at this point, which is about somewhere in the $500 million range, but the fact is we have no need for that right now because we have a source of capital in the form of the operating earnings that we’ve been able to dividend up to the holding company. Debt capacity as it relates to a specific use of proceeds is a different discussion. It’s one that involves collaboration with the rating agencies, discussions about short-term and long-term debt ratios and plans for what the capital structure look like going forward. I can tell you when we think about our capital structure, we have tremendous flexibility to if we do identify a deal that makes sense to further optimize our capital structure and that puts us in a very good position going forward.
Chris Pagano: What we’ve done and you can look at the most recent 10b5-1 program that we put in place in early May, we were buying at a more aggressive pace through the second quarter, in July, which is really just about disciplined capital management recognizing we’re going into hurricane season and we want to make sure that we have sufficient capital to protect the balance sheet in the event of an active storm season. We don’t comment on our programs going forward, but I can tell you that we will make an assessment as we go into the open period based upon earnings expectations, our ability to access those dividends and where we think we will be going forward. But we do feel pretty good about our ability to get at the operating earnings for the rest of the year.
Chris Pagano: Well, I think there are two separate issues. The capital structure benefits from having debt capacity, having excess holding company capital to deploy is separate from the deal and how it stands on a normalized debt-to-cap structure. So they are two separate things.
Chris Pagano: Well, again, to weaken lower our weighted average cost of capital by adding debt to the balance sheet and we think we’ve got some capacity to do that. Again, I mentioned it, if you’re thinking about purely an opportunistic financing, we could probably take on additional $300 million to $500 million worth of debt. But given the strong operating earnings and the dividend capacity at the operating segments, there is really no need to do that. However, what we do have the opportunity to do or have the flexibility to do is in the course of any kind of M&A activity, we can coincident with that activity, although evaluating the deal independent of it, we could further optimize the capital structure and lower the weighted average cost of capital at the enterprise level.
Mike Peninger: Well Health has been working for quite some time on their expense ratios, Vinay. They took some actions last year and we’re starting the process of adapting the business model as we talked about the health care reform scenario. So there are lots of different moving pieces there. We feel good about the progress Health is making and their results are trending in line with what we talked to you in the past about. We’ve instituted variety of changes over the course of the year in response to the experience problems of last year.
Mike Peninger: Well, we will be starting to adjust our new business rates in the fourth quarter. On the renewal block, which, of course, is the much bigger portion of our business now, we’re sort of looking at all the dialogue going on at the NAIC level, and as you know, the transition rules have not yet been defined by HHS, and so, once we get clarity on what those rules are, we will make our pricing decisions going into next year.
Mike Peninger: Yes, we feel good. I mean, obviously, you can get minor variances quarter-to-quarter, but as Rob said, we feel like the experience is tracking very consistently with our assumption.
Mike Peninger: Yes, I think the new client additions were probably in the half the 50 basis points to 70 basis points, something like that, John. (inaudible) out were sort of in the range. Now that was normal vaguer. We feel good about the experience in the U.K. as I said and that continues to track nicely and we’re still feeling good about our ability to deliver the combined over the course of the year that we talked about with you earlier.
Mike Peninger: Yes, I think that’s the way it works. You’ve got to install the clients and get everything set up to accommodate the business and then the business starts to roll in and starts to offset those.
Mike Peninger: Yes, we continue to work down through our inventory of litigation. I think we talked about it our claims there were 16 at year end. That active inventory is now down to only three rescission claims that are in progress now. So, we feel like we continue to work through that and we’ve talked a lot about the enhancements we’ve made or improvements and continual improvements we made in our process and how the effort we take to treat people fairly, and so we’re feeling real good about the direction that we’re going, John.
Mike Peninger: Yes, a variety of things can happen. The claim can go away for a variety of reasons. There can be settlements; there’s a number of possible resolutions to those. Whatever the resolutions are from a dollar perspective are incorporated in our results.
Mike Peninger: We’re certainly engaged in the conversation, Steve, and I don’t know that there is any magic news under the covers or anything. We certainly have had a lot of discussion that is part of the dialogue about what’s in the calculation, how the calculation is done, the credibility pieces, the levels of aggregation by different blocks, so there are lots of different things going on there, and of course, in our planning, we’ve made assumptions around certain of those, so hey, you have to do that when they’re not finalized. If you just look at things originally, they plan to make recommendations in June. It has move further out. There is issues around how our issues like quality of care is going to be dealt with, which is a center point I think of what the reform is focused on, but when you get into the detail of what is the reason for that kind of thing, there are still very healthy debate underway.
Mike Peninger: I don’t know that precise details of the tax laws, Steven, but the basic deal is that, there was a consumer tax that was going to levied on these products that will just make them a bit more expensive that went into effect on July 1. So we think that there is a combination. Well, there was a certain amount of sales that were probably accelerated into the second quarter because there was some money that could be saved by buying in the second quarter versus later, and we think that that sort of ‘beat the deadline’ kind of phenomenon added about $50 million of face sales into our normal run rate of Canada.
