Keith Demmings: Great. Maybe just a couple of comments on '22, and then I'll talk about how we think about '23. So certainly happy with how we finished the year, obviously, a tremendous amount of change in the marketplace, very dynamic. And the fact that we were able to grow, not just EPS, but also grow EBITDA for the full year, really proud of the work done by the team to do that. And we do feel really well positioned as we think about our market position, how we're engaged with our clients. So expect that to continue as we roll forward. As we think about 2023, I guess there is a couple of things to remember. We certainly had some favorability, particularly in Lifestyle in '22 that doesn't repeat. Richard mentioned about $35 million between real estate gains, as well as the onetime client benefits. So we've got to grow our way through that into '23. We also expect continued foreign exchange pressure in our '23 outlook in Lifestyle. And then on top of that, we do expect to grow even though we've got some pressure certainly in the international markets, which we've talked about over the last couple of quarters. And then in terms of the housing business, obviously, a really strong fourth quarter. We're excited by the progress that our team has made, not just in terms of getting rate, adjusting average insured values, but also the work done on expenses, simplifying the organization, expect continued momentum as we head into '23. Obviously, there's a natural reset between Q4 and Q1 in the housing business. We typically see higher losses in the first quarter due to winter storms and seasonality. We also had really favorable losses in Multifamily Housing in the first half of '22. That was a carryover from '21 as well. So we've got to overcome that as we think about the progression through the year. So again, expect each quarter to improve as we get through '23 and then accelerate growth into '24.
Keith Demmings: Great. Yes. So I think if I start with auto, steady progress, as we've seen over many quarters in terms of protected vehicles, and that trend certainly has continued and we continue to be well positioned there. On the mobile side, you're correct. We saw about - pretty significant growth in the U.S. market. So if I look at devices protected up 300,000 sequentially, 500,000 of that is actually from growth domestically in the U.S. market, and that's offsetting some natural runoff that we have. So pretty strong growth in the U.S., great results in the U.S. for Connected Living overall for the year. And that's driven just by market share gains from the clients that we partner with on the insurance side. So if you think about our device protection partners in the U.S., they're gaining roughly 70% of the net adds for postpaid customers. So that is helping us significantly in the U.S. market. And then we've got a little bit of softness internationally in terms of subscribers. I'd say a little bit of growth in Europe, offset by some declines in Latin America, and then a little bit of softness in Japan, which we've talked about the last couple of quarters. And then finally, on the trade-in point, we did see the issue resolve itself that we talked about in the third quarter. That did get resolved in the fourth quarter. We saw good volume growth flowing through. We saw some different margins in the business based on the mix of devices in certain client contracts. Part of our fees are based on selling prices of devices so sometimes you can have higher volume, but a potentially lower quality devices, and that can affect the ultimate margins in the business and move around from quarter-to-quarter.
Keith Demmings: Yeah. If you look at the fourth quarter, and we think about lender-placed, we had about 12,000 incremental policies come into the book. So we are seeing growth in in-force policies. I'd say half of that growth is we brought on a new client, which is why you'll see loans tracked up fairly significantly. And then the other half is entirely due to what I would say is the hard market. Florida is certainly a big chunk of that as well as California and other areas. So I do think that is helping support policy growth. We saw a pretty strong policy growth for the full year in lender-placed. And none of that is really from deterioration in the economy more broadly where we might expect to see placement rates increase over time if there's a lot of pressure in the economy. It's all just the difficult insurance market. So it's definitely helping us. We're well priced with our products in those markets, and we feel we're well positioned to grow from it.
Keith Demmings: Sure. So we do business with both Verizon and AT&T and support their trade-in business domestically in the U.S. So great partnerships, actually came through the HYLA acquisition, and there's certainly long term opportunity. We talk about our business being built on deep client relationships with the world's leading brands. Those are certainly two examples of really, really important clients and brands that we can partner with. So no doubt there's opportunity over time to help them solve problems, innovate and create value for their customers. And we certainly work hard every day to serve them today, and then look for opportunities to grow with them in the future.
Keith Demmings: Yes. So our U.S. business has performed incredibly well if we think about where we're at in 2022. And we expect to continue to see growth going forward in '23. We obviously have to offset the one-time client benefit we talked about in Q3. But we do feel like, domestically, we're well positioned. If you think about the business, and I'll talk about mobile and then maybe auto quickly. On the mobile side, bulk of our economics are driven by the in-force subscribers that we protect. And as you saw that actually increased in the fourth quarter, consumers continue to want to protect their devices, and that's an in-force monthly subscription. So we don't see a lot of movement quarter-to-quarter and month-to-month. So we do feel like we're quite well protected there. To the extent there's less trade-in activity, if consumers are less incented to buy new devices because the economy is a little more pressured, we might see a little bit of softness in terms of that side of the business. It's not the biggest driver of total profitability, but it's still obviously an important factor. And then if you think about the auto business more broadly, we do expect sales of - retail sales of cars to be relatively steady in '23 versus '22. A little more growth on new offset by softness on the used side, but probably 80% of the economics in '23 are from policies that have already been written that will earn through the book. So from that perspective, we're relatively well positioned, and we've done well through typical downturns in the economy in our product lines because it just puts more focus on the sale of these ancillary products with our partners.
Keith Demmings: Yeah. Certainly, and I've seen the same reports. And like I said, that would definitely have an impact on trade-in volumes if there is less devices being purchased by consumers. I still expect to see a healthy number, certainly in '23 overall, but maybe a little bit muted from '22 levels. A lot of the growth that we're getting is because our clients are actually adding subscribers. So we're seeing that through the fourth quarter as well. So from a device protection point of view, we think we're well positioned there, and we have seen meaningful growth in the last quarter as a result of that. So I do feel like we'll see strength in domestic Connected Living. And obviously, that will drive to offset some of the other factors that we talked about in 2022. So we had some help in 2022 from the items we discussed. We've got to overcome foreign exchange. And domestically, we expect our business to perform well to allow us to generate that growth in '23.
Keith Demmings: Yeah. I think - so certainly, the housing - the reforms in Florida should be helpful to the industry over time without question and obviously looking to try to stabilize the insurance environment and really for the benefit of the end consumer try to control pricing over time. So I think, over time, that will benefit loss ratios and reduce some of the litigation. Obviously, that's not something that we're building into our forecast at this point. There's a lot of work yet to be done to see how that will roll through. I think growth in Florida for us is a positive thing. We're well priced and well positioned. And lender place is a scale business. We're tracking the loans already. So if we pick up some additional policies, we're not adding a tremendous amount of incremental expense. We've done an incredibly good job in housing in '22, actually driving down operational expenses year-over-year, even though we've seen policy growth, which demonstrates our focus on digital investments, but also the scale advantages of the business. So I think growth in Florida is a good thing for our business, and we're well positioned to take advantage of it over time.
Keith Demmings: Yeah. And one - just one other point to make, and I referenced it earlier, we did see favorability - set aside lender-placed for a second, we did see favorability of loss ratios in some of our other lines, renters and some specialty products, particularly in the first half of '22. We've seen that normalize over the balance of '22 to what are more natural levels. I think we were really at kind of pandemic level lows with respect to some of the losses that we were seeing. So that also will normalize. That puts a little pressure on the first half of the year for housing and then obviously, lender-placed where we're getting a lot of rate tries to help overcome that over the course of the year.
Keith Demmings: Wonderful. Well, thanks, everybody, for participating in today's call. And obviously, we'll look forward to speaking to you all again at the end of the first quarter and our call in May. In the meantime, reach out to Suzanne Shepherd or Sean Moshier, if you have any other follow-up questions. But again, thanks for the time. Have a great day.
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah. Thanks, Keith. Hi, Tommy. Yeah, I think exactly what Keith said in terms of being prudent and really wanting to see how the macroeconomic environment plays out. I'd also add that, last year, in terms of returns of capital to shareholders, it was a high point for us with a return of about $720 million when we talk about share repurchases and dividends together. So we have shown and demonstrated over time that we won't sit on excess capital for a long time, but we do want to be prudent in the markets here. And if everything plays out, we would expect, at some point, to be back in maybe late in the second half, but we'll see how things go. We want to be prudent.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Thanks for the question, Brian. Yes, I think in terms of new money rates fixed income, we do see overall yields continuing to move up in the future as the portfolio rolls over and the lower yields that we've had in the past convert themselves into the new higher yield. So we will see that as we go forward over the next couple of years. So a nice tailwind for us. We've obviously seen short-term rates come up to. That's a nice tailwind for us. I would say that relative, if I think about '23 versus 2022, as Keith mentioned earlier and in our prepared remarks, we did have some good real estate gains during the course of the year. So I kind of look at it for 2023, that the increase in investment income will be a bit modest just given those two factors, increase in yields being offset by the real estate gains.
Richard Dziadzio: And we have been getting rate race as well. So as Keith said, it's - we have been getting a little bit more, but it's - from our point of view, it's good business. And the reforms, as you pointed out, should help over time.
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah, similar to what Keith said, I guess I would say that - I would say most of it is in severity. I think severity these days, it's we think inflation. Actually, frequencies have been coming down just in terms of weather, whatever, we haven't been seeing an increase in smaller weather-related items, so more in severity. And as Keith said, we have been getting some price increases with that. We do the rate filings on an interim basis. So we think we're in a good position. We also think as we go forward this year, we're being prudent and I guess, appropriately prudent with regard to our expectations of inflation. Obviously, that's big headline out in the markets. We do see inflation staying a little bit resistantly high for the near term, but really coming down slowly as the year goes on. So we've kind of factored that into our analysis and should be in a good place there, not trying to go -- be too aggressive about bringing inflation down.
