Alan Colberg: All right. So Jimmy, let’s take that one and then we’ll come back and you can carry on with the question. So if you think about the 1.8% to 2.1% placement rate that we put out, we put that out at 0.11. And that was a three to five year outlook for where we thought placement rates would go. It's actually taken us six years to get into that range, given how the foreclosure crisis played out in the market. The way to think about it longer-term, this business is countercyclical. So as long as the housing market continues to improve, you'll see gradual declines in placement rates, although we do expect that to moderate as we get into 2018. And then if we do get into any kind of housing issues again in the future, we'll see placement rates growing. But for now, expect continued gradual declines in the placement rate moderating as we get into 2018.
Alan Colberg: So, Jimmy, I think I'd start by saying we are focused on delivering on our commitment to return $1.5 billion to shareholders through 2016 and 2017. That's our number one focus. We will always look at how much excess capital we have and what's the greatest value we can provide to our shareholders, either through investing in organic growth, selectively doing M&A as you've seen us doing or returning the capital and we’ll continue that philosophy. But our number one priority is to deliver on that commitment to return the 1.5 billion.
Alan Colberg: So, the way to think about 100 million, we set that out in Investor Day last year as a 2020 target. So by 2020 we get to 100 million of gross savings run rate. And we have committed that at our next Investor Day which is likely early next year, we’ll give a lot more granularity on progress. But I think we feel good about the momentum there. You say some of the impact coming through in our corporate expense line that's one of the reasons why we were able to lower the corporate loss this year. You've seen our connected living margin expanding, it's up I think almost 300 basis points versus a year ago. That's part of that, we are also investing though in the short term. So for example this year we've been standing up and rolling out a procurement capability across Assurant and that's not going to generate any savings in the short term, but will be a significant driver or any net savings in the short term, but it will be a significant drive over time. So we feel like we're on track, but the majority of those benefits are going to flow through in the future years.
Alan Colberg: So first of all we're very excited to be in partnership with Comcast, it's a great addition to our client portfolio and we're well positioned to grow with them as they grow in this business. They have I think 15 million odd potential - I think that's a right number, but they have a large number of customers, so we have the potential to penetrate. And if we're successful, this could be a very meaningful program over time.
Alan Colberg: Yeah. And as we get into our planning for next year and as always with Q4 earnings, we’ll provide a much more specific outlay of decline next year.
Alan Colberg: So Mark, the release of new phones is always a significant event for us. It's too early to tell exactly what Apple will release and when they'll release and when they'll have availability, but the good news for us is it will be a significant contributor, exactly when and how much, it's too early to say.
Alan Colberg: Thanks Dan and thanks everyone for participating on today's call. To recap with another solid quarter, we’ve continued to execute our transformation and remain confident in our outlook for 2017. We look forward to updating you on our progress later this year. In the meantime, please reach out to Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks everyone.
Richard Dziadzio: It’s Richard Dziadzio. Yeah. I think when we look at mortgage solutions, I would say we talked about the headlines - the headwinds that we had last time in the quarter. Certainly, we have continued headwinds in both the originations, field and asset services, but I would say we do feel that things have stabilized now. And in terms of quarter-to-quarter, we were up 15%. Part of that is just as I mentioned in my earlier notes, additional working days, but in addition to that, we are investing as we said in technology and operating efficiencies. So longer term, we're still feeling good about the area.
Richard Dziadzio: In terms of the non-cat ratio, it was up and you are correct, we talked about it being up 10% in the quarter. And that's an after-tax, after-tax number. And in fact, what we saw and really what we see in the market is there was, I would call it, a lot of weather in Q2, but we didn't have such weather to the extent that any one storm came up to our reportable catastrophe level. So we didn't have any storms over $5 million that hit us. So really what you see when you look at our total combined operating ratio, you see we came in at 87% and that's against 87.3% last year. So I guess all-in, we’re kind of at the same level.
Richard Dziadzio: It was relatively small, the onetime adjustment, you know, we talked about some last quarter, it was a true up, when we go back and we work with the clients and true things up. For this one, it was an extended service contract as I mentioned. And the amount of the impact was $2.6 million after tax.
Richard Dziadzio: Good morning, Seth. It’s Richard. I'll take the question. In fact what we've been talking about over time is the 4 to 5 basis point decline in the placement rate. And that I would say really is the reflection of market conditions and Alan mentioned it earlier in his comments about the improvement in the macroeconomic environment, in particular the housing market. What we're seeing today and mentioned earlier is we do have a mix of business, a different mix of business now. As you know, we brought on new clients at the end of last year and we talked about it at that time in terms of the overall placement rate being lower. So as we see that working through, we're really updating the placement rate from going from 4 to 5 per quarter to 6 to 7 per quarter for the rest of 2017. And then as Alan mentioned earlier in his talk, we do see that moderating in 2018.
Richard Dziadzio: No. I think that's our current thinking is the 4 to 5 longer term, but again it's macroeconomic environment, business mix, et cetera.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. So Seth, first of all, I don't think we've changed other than the adjustment for the client contract change, so we did raise the Connected Living margin because the client contract changed the group geography’s accounting. So we haven't changed our outlook from 2016 Investor Day that I'm aware of.
Richard Dziadzio: Okay. And the only one we even changed on those I think was Connected Living because of the change in client contract. But if I go to the broader issue, so the most important commitment in our mind is grow earnings. And this year, as we've said, we now expect to be flat and we're well positioned for profitable growth in 2018 and beyond. The second commitment was grow EPS by 15% on average. We didn't achieve it last year. We are on track this year to deliver double digit EPS growth and if we can grow earnings and continue capital deployment, we’ll be positioned to grow EPS over time. And then we talked about gradually improving ROE to 15% by 2020. That's really a combination of where we do have quite a bit of excess capital today, that's depressing the ROE in the short term combined with the growth in earnings, combined with the rotation as we add more lower capital intensive growth, we can see line of sight over time to that. And then the other major commitments we've made like the $1.5 billion capital return, we’re $1.3 billion through that at this point.
Richard Dziadzio: It's Richard. And yes, we did mention that in fact during the quarter, we had some increased losses from part of the - one of the products that we have in vehicle protection service business and it actually brought the loss ratio up to 97%. So we were at 92% last quarter. It didn't bring it up but I would say that our long-term expectation is that that business would be in the 96% to 98%. And we’re also seeing some good growth on the topline there as well.
Richard Dziadzio: We're still seeing growth really from a combination of things. Our business mix is as much on used cars as new cars. So, changes in new car sales don't immediately affect our business. The other thing about this business is the way it earns. So sales that we've made often don't start to show through our earnings for a period of time. Could be years depending on the nature of the program. So we've been expanding our market share both in the US and outside of the US and we've got good momentum and growth in that business which is continuing.
