Michael John Peninger: Sure, I can take a shot at that, Chris. Maybe to start with, certainly, litigation expenses are included in our expenses. We regularly evaluate our reserves, and we feel good about where the levels of reserves are. In terms of the rest of the factors you alluded to, we're certainly onboarding a lot of loans, and that drives expenses up. We're also, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, the things we have to do for the loans, the service requirements are going up, and all that is taking -- is costing more. So as the onboarding pace slows or the loan growth pace slows, there will be a certain amount of variable expense reduction. We're also working on a broad initiative to improve our efficiencies in lender-placed, so we have a lot of things going on that will help manage expenses going forward. But right now, we're definitely dealing with a lot of things coming at us.
Michael John Peninger: It's hard to give you an exact breakout, Chris, but certainly, I think you're getting meaningful contributions to the growth from the addition of the new loans and the increased service requirements. I think I'd point to those as the primary drivers.
Michael John Peninger: Equity is kind of a noisy number for us, Chris, as we do the acquisition accounting and things like that, so we're really focusing on that $50 million of earnings. We expect the increase in Solutions' ROE to come from growth in earnings more than, say, reductions in equity or things like that.
Michael John Peninger: We're going to try to get these expenses as fast as possible. Certainly, as we start into the integration of LSG in Europe, that will give us some opportunities to take some out. We've also got some actions underway on the domestic side, particularly in the credit side. And then in service contract business, we've got some opportunities there. So we're very focused on getting them. And I would say, are we going to get all of it? Not sure that I would say that but we'll certainly get the vast majority of it earlier in the year so they would be in the fourth quarter numbers.
Michael John Peninger: Yes, I think there's a couple of other things. We've got, as we talked about, we've got the corrective actions on our domestic client with the mobile loss experience so that's in there. So there's a variety of things in there in addition to the expense saves.
Michael John Peninger: Yes, I know. We're certainly seeing and -- but when you're think about the client's specific nature, there could be dynamics in the customer base that's different by client and things like that. But what we can point to, a lot of this business is just tracking the data and reacting to it, and that's what we're trying to do and working with our client to do that.
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. So I mean, the first thing is we're pleased. We've talked about an active pipeline in M&A. I'll let Chris comment a little bit on how we thought about those acquisitions. But when they come in, they're lumpy and we happen to get a few done this quarter and feel quite good about it. Now at a high level, what we're focused on here is increasing that operating income, diversifying our sources of income because, obviously, within lender-placed, that's been the big flywheel to the operation. We think these acquisitions set up a more diversified source of earnings across our business. So when we can find that, we're going to do it. We've told you the areas we've targeted for growth, and I'll let Chris comment just a little bit on how we think about the capital deployment.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So I think the first thing to recognize in the business is that all the programs are different that we set up. They all involve a set of terms and conditions that we want to have in place so that both our partner and we are winning together, okay? So to your specific question, is there moral hazard? Of course, we try and protect for that as best we can. There's obviously, as Mike mentioned, a lot of things going on within the space within new models, et cetera, coming out. The great thing is we think we have robust risk management capabilities and early detection around that.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. Generally, the increased costs that we're dealing with tend to be damage, screen breakage and things like that. That's been the primary issue for us as opposed to theft or something like that. And I would also note that this is sort of we're seeing this at one client primarily. And I'm sorry, we've also got corrective actions underway. And those -- it's a sort of reference to a couple of your earlier points. They involve both pricing and plan design changes a la deductible increases, particularly on certain models and things like that.
Robert B. Pollock: Okay, so let's try and marry a couple of different ideas here. The first, as Chris mentioned, is we look at acquisitions, and we look at generating cash-on-cash returns with the business, okay? And if you look at things, what we've said is we got to make sure we acquire those in excess of our cost of capital. We need to look at them against our share price as another potential use of the funds. We think we've done that. We've also said we think we can write new business at returns in that 14% to 16% area for Solutions. And I think that when we talked about things in the second quarter of '11, we demonstrated that in our growth areas, we are meeting or exceeding those returns. Now the accounting and where things get set up, as Mike mentioned on the capital side, we've got to get that sorted out and will, but I think we're going to be in the ballpark with that 14% return in the fourth quarter by making the $50 million.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, it's an interesting question. I don't know that we quite know. What do we know? We think our decision to stay off the exchanges was the right decision. We are seeing a lot of activity in all of our products, and sales continue to be robust. And we are actually anecdotally seeing sales with 1/1 effective dates, which is earlier than we'd expect in normal times. It's usually 30 to 45 days prior to effective date. We think that's a result of our systems are up and operating. We've provided clear line of communication for both producers and consumers to see what we're offering in the marketplace. And we feel quite good about our position.
Robert B. Pollock: And I think the last one was all that. We've tried to identify for investors the areas we're targeting for growth, okay? And we've been pretty clear about them, mobile, multifamily housing, voluntary and affordable health products. And you can see that the acquisitions, as Chris mentioned earlier, fall right in those categories.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. And we've seen variability where claims pick up in the summer. To your point, there are younger people who have more free time, et cetera, than being in school. We're going to have that variability, but we feel confident we understand the problem and have taken the actions to correct it.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, you've got plan terms and conditions, raising deductibles and various things, so you have levers other than just pricing. We have those actions underway with this client. We've already implemented some of them. We'll keep doing it until we correct the problem.
Robert B. Pollock: I think, again, trying to speculate on what would be contained if the mandate were relaxed. I don't know if they'd just say there is no mandate, if there'd be other terms and conditions. We'd have to see exactly what it would be. But remember, we've got a broad product portfolio that can address needs of consumers and we think affordability is that key issue.
Robert B. Pollock: I would say that we're in a situation where they will be more attractive than they've been up to this point in time.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, sure. So the first thing is think about it this way. For this client, the business earns monthly. So when we take actions and put them into effect, they will correct the entire block. That is point one. Point two, the split-out is between, as Mike mentioned, a change in deductible, so -- combined with a pricing change. So one will impact the -- lower the claims themselves, the other will increase the amount of premium we're collecting.
Robert B. Pollock: Correct. You're making assumptions about your frequency and severity of claims, and we're trying to look at both factor. You can solve your problem by pricing or by plan design. Typically, you can't do it with just one or the other. You really have to do both.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. Well, we work very closely with our clients obviously, John. And as Rob said, we try to structure our arrangements with the client so our interests are aligned. So we both have the same end goal. As you point out, we see the problem, we're sitting down with the clients saying what do we need to do about it, and then we can react quite rapidly to that, to make the kind of change. And certainly, you have to think about the impact on consumers. But that's sort of part of the process of managing the business, and that's why we work hand in glove with our clients. And you see variability or you react to it. That's kind of an ongoing process.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, sure. But just think about when you hit the nail on the head with the consumer, you want to notify the consumer, you want to explain why you're taking the actions you're taking. We think that's all part of the process to maximize revenue, profitability, et cetera. You want to tell them in advance when you're doing something.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, we're working on all those, John. I'm not quite ready to get -- to size them for you today, but we will certainly be reporting out to you as we firm up the plans.
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. Well, we've had numerous discussions with the FHFA. Remember, the mortgage servicers are our clients. They work in tandem with the FHFA. The FHFA has put out proposed regulations on changes involving commissions and reinsurance. And that's about all we know right now. I think the ball's in their court to figure out how they're going to finalize those things.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. They're not subject. They are limited benefit plans, Seth, and they're not subject to the MLR. And so the people who buy them would have to pay a fine.
Robert B. Pollock: I think it's a kind of a state-by-state comparison. It's a function of the age of the person looking to go. Remember, they've narrowed the age rating bands on what's out there. But also remember, this business is now all guaranteed issue, whereas in the past, we've been able to underwrite. So we believe those factors will lead to higher rates...
Robert B. Pollock: Again, there's -- yes, there's been a lot put out. I think the best place to probably turn is the Society of Actuaries study. I don't recall quite what their number was, but it was a significant increase to the cost in their estimation. But until we actually see who shows up, you're speculating on who the enrollees are a little bit. So it's kind of a guessing game, and we're going to find out here over the next few months.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, sure, we definitely have -- remember, we have to set our prices for all essential health benefit plans. Our prices are higher than they were, okay? And it's very specific around plan of benefits, age of the person and geography.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, I think the big key is our alignment with the market leaders, both the money center banks and the specialty servicers, has positioned us well as portfolios move around. We think we continue to be positioned that way, but I don't know of any specific portfolios that are considering moving at this time.
Robert B. Pollock: We think we're positioned with the industry leaders. So to the extent they can continue to grow and remain leaders, that we would grow with them. Thanks for joining us this morning. We look forward to updating you on key milestones in the months ahead. Please reach out to Francesca and Suzanne with additional questions.
John M. Nadel: I have questions. I want to talk about the weaker claims on this one client, but I wanted to do it a little bit differently. If I look at the 99.3 combined ratio this quarter and recognizing 98 is a target but not necessarily an exact number in any single quarter, but if I just compare the 2, it looks like the higher claims was something order of magnitude $5 million, $6 million. I mean, you mentioned some higher expenses as well, so maybe the actual dollar amount of claims is even a little bit lower than that. I'm curious how that size of incremental claims compares with the, I don't know, the gross written premium or the -- maybe it's not right to compare it yet to earned premium, maybe more the gross written from this client. Is that a reasonable question? I know you don't want to mention the client, but maybe you could just sort of size it.
John M. Nadel: So then, I guess, my next question is more about the actual process of getting these adjustments, right? So you've got early warning systems in place. You've identified the culprit, if you will, very quickly. Is this all part of the actual contract that you've got with individual clients, whereby you can automatically take these actions? Or is it something that you have to literally sit down with them, renegotiate under the terms and conditions? Because clearly, an increase in deductible and/or an increase in the fee that they're charging to the consumer could have a negative impact on consumer behavior, i.e. maybe the consumer says, "Well, I can go get a different smartphone or whatever the case may be, a different product from a different provider, and that -- and this may be -- the margin is going to force me to do that."
John M. Nadel: Yes. I guess I'm just trying to understand if that's something where you can just say even if the client's not very -- not particularly happy with it, where you can just say based on the contractual terms that you've already got in place -- listen, I know you don't like it but we're doing it.
John M. Nadel: And just as a reminder, because I think I missed it in the prepared remarks, it was either Rob or you, Mike, the $75 million of expense level in Corporate for 2013, I think you made a comment about where you directionally expect that to go next year. I just missed it, whether it was flat or down or...
