Mike Peninger: I think there is likely to be some compensation that would be not allowed. You know, we may have some opportunities to impact just how much that is over time, Jeff but will probably increase overall slightly the long-term rate in health.
Mike Peninger: Yeah. We try to look at, I’d say, somewhat long-term. We’ve used portfolio rate in the past then just given the decline, you know, we think we’re likely to divorce from that but we will look at, sort of, expected new money rates and what kind -- and probably discounted something consistent with that but we do try to take a bit of a longer-term view of the disability -- of the interest rate environment as soon we set that.
Mike Peninger: But the thing to remember with that gross written number just a little bit is as you can imagine with all the dynamics moving on in the healthcare market with loans moving around between servicers, you can have, you know, the gross written is moving around. Again I think gross earned is probably a better measure to look at in terms of what’s going on with the business. That portfolio, Rob mentioned, that’s flat cancel, John, is exactly why it’s hard to interpret the gross written because you get these kind of bounces around in that.
Mike Peninger: John, in the second quarter, we thought we are on a 1% to 2% path is little low on that. We got a little more this quarter. I think things are pretty much trending as we think but they don’t go in a perfect straight line. They kind of we’ll bounce around, if we, you know, that line if we’ve got the right things in place. I think that’s all you’re seeing here.
Mike Peninger: Correct. Yeah Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And so if I’m looking at, I mean, I stepped to update the model here by considering the fact that you didn’t have any caps this quarter, I mean the operating earnings number isn’t it going to be something like it’s 650 or more or something, in terms of…
Mike Peninger: I think the first thing, Ed, is that you can compare the 360 against what the operating earnings of the segments have been through three quarters. And then you can look at your forecast for the fourth quarter. Okay, operating…Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: That wasn’t a back door attempt to get a fourth quarter estimate by the way.
Mike Peninger: I guess, the way I think about it, Mark is, look we’re adapting to a lot of change in one of the things we had to do was pull a bunch of product that weren’t in compliance with the health care reform laws and those had been big sellers. So to me, we pulled products. We modified others and added benefits and then we were able in short order to get a whole series of products filed and approved which to me probably put this out in front of others who might be looking at that and I think I just a real good indication of our ability to respond to those changes in the market. So boy when I look at those new product sales we are very encouraged and we all sold them for a half a month. Okay and didn’t have, if you will, the productivity in that affordability issue available to us for much of the third quarter.
Mike Peninger: I think Rob’s listed a number of details to Mark. And when I think about it, we don’t know the specific rules because right now we are still -- the NAIC has made recommendations but HHS hasn’t signed off. We know that our loss ratios will go up next year because the MLR requirements come into effect. So the profitability will depend on the -- obviously, the loss ratio and the expense ratio and we are working hard to get more efficient effective in our operations. And so the pace of that improvement versus the change in the loss ratio starts to determine where you end up.
Mike Peninger: And we are able to do those a little faster on the new business because on the renewal business the in-force block that we re-priced, we sort of wanted to get more clarity around the transition rules. But all of this goes back to – look, when the dust settles here, we are going to sit down and spend time maybe have a workshop on what our strategy is and lay it out in more detail when we have a little more clarity on just how the market is going to evolve around these rules . And we’ll probably do that in the spring of next year.
Mike Peninger: Yeah. I think that -- when I think about the prime placement rate, remember the prime-sub prime determinants are determined by the originator when the loan goes out. So I look at it and say in the prime market a lot of it’s been driven by the economy, okay. And is affected by things like unemployment et cetera. On the other hand we have issues now coming into play around the value of the home. And as home prices come down you can ask questions of G, if the loans greater than the houses value, how do you think about what happens there in the eyes of the homeowner? So it’s lagged the subprime side. It’s gone up quite a bit from where we’ve been. In particular, we do think that policies are staying on the books a little longer because of all the moratoriums.
Chris Pagano: Yeah. Well, the new money rate is going to be a function of the duration of the liability stream. I think in the blended rate throughout all the segments is somewhere in the four to 4.25 level, the rate though for disability block because it is a longer duration as probably north of 5%. But again that’s a number that moves around quite a bit and again the goal here for us is preserving the existing book yields but deploying it prudently in the new money rate environment.
Chris Pagano: Yeah. We still think it’s in the 3 to 500,000,000 range in terms of an opportunistic financing and again I think about that I think about a few things. One this is an extremely attractive time to be borrowing the challenges on the investment portfolio site or opportunities on the financing side. Having said that, any debt issue will result in interest costs and we are very focused on containing expenses. And we also know we have readily available capital in the form of holding company capital, existing deployable capital plus operating earnings.
Chris Pagano: Sure. This is Chris. We are going to do what we always do which is reassess the situation, as we end the blackout associated with earnings. Again, the priorities remain the same though investing in the business either organically or through acquisitions. And then to the extent that there are not opportunities return capital to shareholders. Just one thing to point out on the repurchase if you look back at the first three quarters of activity, we are very pleased with the results we were able to -- because we have the financial flexibility to go in and retire, roughly 9% of outstanding shares at an average cost that was significantly below book as well as below current market. But, again, we will look at it and look to execute on the priorities as we always have with a focus on financial flexibility.
Chris Pagano: I might also add, John just, we don’t have one of the largest four in the US but even domestically we’ve got great relationships with several clients that we’ve had for quite sometime. We’ve been able to expand and make enhancements to the programs we offer to them and that gives us a nice basis for going in and selling our value proposition internationally, to I think it brings a lot -- gives us a lot of credibility.
Rob Pollock: I don’t know that I have that with me right now, John, but I think a couple of things to think about here again our to look at our placement rates. And the placement rates have continued to go up on the prime block of business. Now the customer we brought in was a subprime client, remember the way that the business that’s added from that client is we got all the loans but we’re going to start placing new policies. So what will grade in overtime over the course of the next year, I believe. So again I think that the key thing because we’ve got other new clients coming on you know in the fourth quarter and first quarter of next year really relates to their particular placement rates and the way we are taking things on. Let me take that back. I guess, the client we added during the third quarter was a flat cancellation so that’s what causing a part of the rise in the gross written. And we can get the details, I just don’t happen to have that right now, John.
Rob Pollock: Yeah, exactly. So again I think that this is one of the real benefits of our business model, is that it generates a lot of free cash.
Rob Pollock: And our capital management priorities have been pretty consistent over time which is we want to use the capital to build the franchise but we don’t hold the capital. We give it back to shareholders if we don’t find those opportunities over a near-term period of time.
Rob Pollock: Sure. I think we haven’t changed, sort of, our long-term target for this business, John, of being in the high 90s. And you do get a certain amount of bounce in that, I think and we did see as I said a bit of an uptick in some claim severity but there is no -- at least at this point, we certainly don’t believe there’s any kind of a systemic problem. So what we do is with every major client we sit down really, I think virtually every quarter and review experience in some detail client by client and to the extent, necessary, we’ll adjust the pricing or contract terms or whatever it takes to correct it. So that is what we are going through now is sitting down and it really is sort of a client-by-client story. Again there is some very ability, I think what Mike mentioned just remember to that Circuit City runs off and becomes a smaller portion of our earnings premium in every quarter, you know, that businesses run little more favorably 
Rob Pollock: And I just think the other thing in context to what Chris provided, Ed, is our ordinary dividend capacity is about 560. Is that…
Rob Pollock: Lot of that, Ed, really is how the revenues come in. So the service contract business we know in general has that you write it, it’s held up on the balance sheet and comes out after the manufacturers warranty. Okay. But the wireless business, we like is it earns monthly. So it can come faster as we make progress in the wireless area. Remember, we think we’ve gotten that capital efficiencies, Chris, talked about. We think there’s more to get. We’re pursuing those as well. We obviously have to get more operationally efficient to. We are working on all those things. So I think you can see meaningful improvement. I haven’t quite centered it around basis point improvement in the ROE but I think we can see meaningful improvement. Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Rob Pollock: It’s a lower premium products. I don’t have those in particular, Mark, but in essence, if you look at the transition that’s going on, certainly addressing agent compensation is something that’s required at some point in time on all the products that fall under the legislation. Okay. So to me we’ve got a product offerings here that’s a lower price point to the buyer and still is a place where the distributor feels they can be compensated for their efforts. We still think that the affordability issue is huge in the marketplace, Mark. Consumers really want some lower cost options and so that’s what these plans are designed to give them.
Rob Pollock: Yeah. We really started selling them only in the middle of September. So I think we’ve had some pretty positive early responses to them but it does take time and agents have to get used to the nuances and things like that.
Rob Pollock: Boy, the question, it’s a good question. I start with medical insurance for many is a demand product. They want to have coverage. They want to have access to the healthcare system and they are balancing all that against affordability. As we’ve sat down and done studies of individuals, they want to buy a plan that’s tailored to their healthcare needs, not something that’s prescribed to them, you must have these benefits and that’s where we see some of the issues between what’s been prescribed with the legislation and what individuals want and we’re going to sort through that and learn as we go through the transition period. But again we believe there is a huge opportunity around the affordability issue.
Rob Pollock: Well, again, we are waiting for a couple of things that are still coming through. I think that what HHS has proposed is, consistent with what we thought would happen, but there is still clarification required around transition relief agent commission in the issue on Texas. Again, I look at everything and say those are important issues that we need answers to. And we are trying to deal with all of them. But right now we just need to look at how those three are going to play through. We also need to know how states may come asking for any kind of dispensation from the rules and the short-term. And there’s just a lot to be played out here.
Rob Pollock: Very well said Mike. And I guess if you think about it the medical loss ratio, we started doing some pricing changes to reflect what we think things are going to be. But as Mike pointed out we are not quite sure what those are yet.
Rob Pollock: This is a very dynamic market in the whole area of foreclosures. You’ve got things going on at both the federal level and state-by-state level. What we are trying to do is help our mortgage servicers with whatever we can to help them serve their clients. If that involves trying to do things around providing loan modifications, we are doing that. But remember though, the mortgage services our client and we are trying to be as helpful as we can in whatever way to help them service their clients.
Rob Pollock: There’s many different factors. One of them is around geography, okay. So depending on where the issues are taking place, if it’s in a higher priced area versus lower price that can contribute. You can see that if you look, for instance at REO, the average insured value on REO is down and I believe it’s up on the creditor placed side. So a lot of that is really a function of geography because remember we typically are providing coverage for the last insured value which is a function of voluntary carrier.
Rob Pollock: Okay. Yeah, we look at all of our segments real carefully, Steve. The current balances, I think is like 360 in the solutions segment, slightly more than 200 and Health which of course we look at carefully because of the impact of health care reform. Specialty property has got to 240 or so and then there’s about 100 employee benefits.
Rob Pollock: Remember on all the, Steve, this is an accounting exercise with just a lot of assumptions related to it. So, again, we run through things and we had -- we took a goodwill write-off in AEB last year and it is just kind of works through this mechanical process.
Rob Pollock: No. They actually go out to all the businesses. I think roughly 25% go through corporate and then the other 75% are distributed throughout the business units.
Rob Pollock: We are always looking at things, John. But I think that we kind have taken -- if you look at acquisition opportunities, I think one of the things we’ve mentioned is anything we’ve looked at and it can be acquisition, it can be if someone wants to sign up a new client -- any of those kinds of things. We’ve got to evaluate those opportunities against the share price. And evaluate in acquisition against cost of capital. And we write new business at attractive rates, et cetera. Saying all that, we think the share price is still attractive and that’s part of the work we will go through in evaluating anything.
Rob Pollock: Absolutely. So when we did the signal acquisition, we said it would be important that we land a major client and we identified in the U.S. Okay.
Rob Pollock: Over a three-year period of time what’s happened thus far, is we’ve landed clients internationally, which are equally as good to us. We understand -- we understood the U.S. market better but we’ve learned a lot about the international market as well. So we like the space. We like the profile of -- there’s only 15 or 20 of these guys worldwide that matter. And we think we’re good at dealing with large clients. We also have pointed out that the cycle to land one of these clients is a long cycle. And many of them were locked up under long-term relationships, which fits our model well to. So I’m pleased with the progress we are making, we will report out on – hopefully, when we land clients on a regular basis.
Rob Pollard: Yeah. We are talking to many of them, John. I think I’d say I don’t know Mike says all of them. I don’t know if I’d go quite to all of them but I’d say the majority of them.
Rob Pollard: We feel really good about the value we can provide there. We’ve worked to tailor the value proposition on a by-client basis. And, again, this really plays to our sweet spot of working with large employer -- large relationships whether it’s retail, OEM or service providers.
Rob Pollard: I think so. And, again, we will have a little more clarity around these open items and I think be able to lay it out a little bit more, Ed, when we see how things work through HHS. But there is no material capital required from the other businesses to put in the Health business.Ed Spehar – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Rob Pollard: Yeah. So I want to thank everyone for joining us today and we look forward to updating you on our progress on our next call. We’ll see you in -- I guess that will be in February. Thanks.
