Michael John Peninger: Yes, well, we cede -- as you know, Jeff, some of our clients we have reinsurance arrangements with. And this client this quarter terminated their arrangement. So their ceded premium to them will obviously decline over the last several quarters. Whether the aggregate total goes down depends on volume in the other clients, and there's also some ceded reinsurance outside of lender-placed, too, that go through that line.
Michael John Peninger: Unearned premiums at that $630 million will run through under the -- they'll run through the income statement on the same reinsured basis over the next year, basically.
Michael John Peninger: Yes. I think to your point, Jeff, if you look at -- the placement rate on our legacy business, I'd say, is slightly down, but you get influx of new portfolios, all of which have sort of unique characteristics. And so you get variation in your overall aggregate levels. So you've got this slowly declining -- or slow thus far declining legacy rate, then, when you get the noise essentially introduced by the new portfolios.
Michael John Peninger: And we always look at that top end and we want to be sure we have enough coverage there, Chris, because that's -- at the lower end, that's sort of an earnings volatility issue. At the top end, we want that protection. So we try to be relatively conservative in setting that top-end limit.
Michael John Peninger: Yes, I don't know that -- just the themes that we've talked about, Mark, are really where we're continuing to focus. As Rob said, driving at that growth, particularly in mobile. We also like to sell our service contracts, and we're seeing good growth there. Continued growth in Latin America is important, and expenses are going to continue to be a focus. We took some more action in Europe this quarter. And overall, Solutions, if you think about the domestic credit business, that continues to sort of run off. We've got to continue to drive at that expense control. On the capital side, Solutions has a relatively complicated structure. There's lots of entities, but we're constantly looking for opportunities to take capital out. Just like in all of our businesses, we want to capitalize appropriately for our best ratings and then get everything else up to the holding company. A little more complicated in some of the entities, but we continue to work on a regular basis at that.
Michael John Peninger: And there are so many unknowns with the exchange and how people will react and purchasing decisions, and we think we can get the learnings from that by observing from the side and, as Rob said, putting our resources into other areas to be sure we're ready to go in 2015. I'd also note that I think from -- you read as much as I do, but other carriers are thinking about this same issue, and you're seeing a lot of carriers being pretty cautious about the degree of participation in 2014 as well.
Michael John Peninger: Sure. Well, these type of arrangements, just like in case of our large credit arrangements in the past, there's multiple ways to structure the deals, and they're customized to each client. But you're certainly -- we need to finalize the details of the T-Mobile arrangement. But assuming, as we said, that it's likely to be reinsured, then you're right, John. You would see gross written premiums, you would see ceded, you'd get some fees, you'd get ceding commissions. So there's a variety of sort of details that have to go through. And once those are all final, we'll be able to talk a bit more about those. But overall, we still feel really good about the pricing of the business, the return potential of it, et cetera.
Michael John Peninger: Yes, New York, we're certainly complying with all the provisions there. More broadly, we just have a handful of clients that cede, John, that we have reinsurance. And all those make specific decisions about how they want to handle their arrangements. And so whether they choose to continue or not continue is really their decision.
Michael John Peninger: Yes, as you know, and just to say it, obviously, if the reinsurance goes away, the risk changes, the claims -- these things are all risk-transfer mechanisms. So it's important to keep that in mind, too.
Michael John Peninger: Well, again, it'll go down for that client. The aggregate amount depends on growth in other reinsured clients.
Michael John Peninger: But this one of course will go down, yes. There's an unearned premium, essentially, at the end of June that will run off through our income statement over the next 12 months, basically, and the ceded amounts will run off then.
Michael John Peninger: And until you get the loans on board, you don't have a clear line of sight as to the sort of the placement rate characteristics of those either, Steven. So that just introduces a little bit of uncertainty in looking forward, too.
Michael John Peninger: And the timing of when the loans come on, and then what's happening with the legacy policies, as well, all those things. You're doing a method there that makes sense conceptually, but there's just a lot of detail under the covers when you try to convert some of those broad, aggregate indicators we give you and try to translate them into the actual income statement. It's just a little bit complicated by a lot of timing issues.
Michael John Peninger: Well, we think we do a great job at servicing our clients. We've been at this for a long time. We've got the systems and processes, and I think our clients are very happy with our service. So whenever there's sort of RFPs, we feel real good about our chances of winning business through the RFP process. And then you've also got different servicers and banks out there that are making decisions about their own portfolios, and so sometimes they'll decide to sell the servicing rates or move the servicing rates. And so by our presence in the market, we often are able to win as -- grow along with our clients because we stay aligned with the industry leaders in the marketplace.
Michael John Peninger: Yes, I think when you look at benefits, certainly in the near term, they're pressured a little bit in the disability business. We've talked about recovery rates in the small employer space. We look typically at our discount rate annually when we -- sort of in the fourth quarter, we review our reserve assumptions and things like that. We made a change last year, and we'll look at it again this quarter. But more fundamentally, I think, for benefits, I mean, we have a scale issue with benefits. They need to grow in that voluntary space, as Rob talked about. We think that's a very attractive space. We continue to believe that the work we're doing at Benefits to improve our enrollment processes and administrative support for the voluntary business is resonating with small employers and that the issues around small employers struggling with medical, and so they increasingly look to voluntary products for their -- or voluntary mechanisms for their ancillary products, we think we're gaining traction there. And we think that, that administrative and enrollment complexity is something that no one has solved, and we think we're ahead of the pack there. So we really feel good about the prospects of -- in the voluntary space for benefits going forward. So to your point, we've got to see the growth in voluntary. And hopefully, as the economy strengthens, return-to-work rates will improve, and that will help the disability. And then in dental, we've got one of the leading networks. Dental is a highly valued product among employees, and we're seeing great results there. And then we'll continue to drive toward, as with all of our businesses, optimizing the capital within employee benefits, too.
Robert B. Pollock: I think it's also to just point out that we will have the premiums. We'll also have the risks associated with that business, Jeff, going forward. So the good news, more premiums; second, we'll have the associated risk associated with the business.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. I'll let Mike talked about the details in a second, but I think we want to start with just thinking about there's a lot of factors influencing things here. It starts with the general economic situation in terms of people's ability to make payments on homes. So it's impacted by unemployment rates. It's also impacted by government policy around support of the housing market and in particular, trying to prevent foreclosures. That goes in a little bit then to thinking of about we see differences in that placement rate in different areas. And Mike, maybe you want to expand a little bit on that.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, I think they're the medium-sized states, Jeff. I think the important issue is approval in Florida and New York contribute a big portion of our block, and we need to receive kind of approval there to proceed. So they're not in the totals. Obviously, if we can get through the process there, which we anticipate happening, we'll be in a position to roll there as well. And Florida, as we've mentioned, represents about 1/3 of our business.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, I think that we've been looking at exposure growth in general, and you see that we bought some more reinsurance at the top end. And I'll let, perhaps, Chris just comment on the program a little bit.
Robert B. Pollock: We're certainly hoping so. Again, I think that all of our efforts at -- when the Affordable Care Act was enacted and the strategy we embarked upon around affordability and choice, we really think is paying off. Obviously affordability will continue to be a big issue going forward for us, Chris. And the fourth quarter of this year is obviously going to be kind of a brave new world with the introduction of the exchanges. We'll see what happens there. But we think our fundamental strategy of driving at that affordability is going to prove out. So we're quite optimistic about prospects in the health business.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, so a couple of things. We are driving at all levels. I think -- and I'll let Mike comment on the expenses, but just in general, we've got changes going on in the market that require that we be nimble about adjusting expenses as markets come and go. I think we're demonstrating we can do that. Each of the businesses have slightly different dynamics associated with it, but we feel very good about the targeted growth areas around mobile, around what we've got going on with vehicle service contracts both in the U.S. and in Latin America. Mike, do you want to...
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So, I'm going to take a step back because I think you've got to frame this and give T-Mobile tremendous credit for what they've done here. Because think about what they've done is they've introduced the program that is both offensive and defensive. So on the offensive side, they're trying to grow new subscribers, and they've got a program now that will be attractive to anyone who is looking to be with a carrier that will allow them to upgrade regularly, okay? And we've introduced, and we're all of like 2 weeks into it. Enthusiastic start, but way too early to know exactly what it's going to mean. In addition, it's defensive in that the current subscriber base was 26 million subscribers. Anyone who might be contemplating leaving them for a phone upgrade now is going to say "Gee, I can get this here and going forward, I can upgrade a couple of times a year." So they've really got a great program designed. What we're going to find out is, gee, how many new subscribers does it help them attract, and how many of their existing subscribers are going to convert? And we'll know a little bit more about that in a couple of quarters, but I think trying to speculate on it right now is -- we'd just be guessing.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. Well, I think it's just looking at the difficulty in the exchanges getting up, exactly getting a line of sight on who they're going to attract. We sat and looked at our existing insureds and distributors and said, "Our time would be better spent making sure they understand how they're impacted than trying to attract particularly new people on the exchanges when it's unclear just how many are going to be attracted to them." So we're focused on that large distribution footprint we have. Our national distribution relationships with State Farm, USAA -- we just thought the resources were better applied there.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, a couple of things. Certainly, we're thrilled about the wins we've got going on, and I think they demonstrate that we're a player in this market. The Signal is an asset we are leveraging that's helping us in all of these different areas. And you're right, John, I certainly said that we were going to need to grow our footprint in mobile for the signal acquisition to be a success. I think last year, we also told investors we're earning targeted returns in the mobile business already. We think that these new programs provide us an opportunity to continue to demonstrate we can come up with things that are appealing to our partners and to their consumers in the marketplace.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, and I'd just point out that, again, if they decide to reinsure, we're just going to have to put up a little bit less capital. We are the risk manager on the program for them. We're doing a lot of the logistics -- logistics support, et cetera. And I think we feel tremendous about having landed this relationship.
Robert B. Pollock: And when you think about all those things, yes. But I think we are doing a lot of things to try and support T-Mobile, just as we try and do with service contract providers, as we've historically done with credit insurance business. I think we can find lots of ways to help them.
Robert B. Pollock: I think those are really client decisions. And if they approach us, we certainly, again, just -- it's really kind of like the T-Mobile discussion we have. There's lots of different ways to structure things here. And how the transfer of risk mechanism works on this, we're going to be back on the risk on some things that had previously gone to a client.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. In fact, I mean, I would go so far as to speculate that most of the individual health insurance will be sold off-exchange.
Robert B. Pollock: I'm talking -- that's what I'm talking about. I'm not talking about for us particularly, I'm talking about for the whole market.
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. I think the big key is there's a lot of uncertainty surrounding health care reform, and we have a lot of customers who are seeking clarity and certainty on how to deal with things. And we certainly have a program in place that allows new customers a line of sight on keeping their business under current arrangements through December 14, I believe. And I'm sure some of that may be spilling over to the existing in-force as well. I think it's largely geared towards new buyers, but I think it's probably gone that way as well.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, so I think about things 2 ways. First is the access versus major medical is really a suitability decision, Steven, around assessing the buyer's needs. And a lot of that is around affordability, okay? I certainly think that buyers in the marketplace who look for having clarity around their major medical purchase through the -- late into '14 certainly helped us. It helped us drive sales. But as well, with that, our rollout with Aetna's certainly helped us be more competitive in all the major medical markets, and that's been a contributor, too. And then I'd also add, we've worked hard to help distributors understand how things are going to work, and I think a lot of them are appreciative of that and see opportunities for themselves in the health marketplace as a result.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So lots of different things in there, but I think the first is that we've added 900,000 loans. They're not producing yet. And I think similarly, when we added some loans in the first quarter into the totals, they were only producing a little bit. So we're trying to give you a representation on the number of tracked loans. I think it then needs to be distilled a little into which of those are producing or not producing. But then if we move over to our renters area, we are seeing very nice growth in that business and feel good about the prospects there as well. We've mentioned that things are up in all our different products in the property area. So, I think, progress on all fronts.
Robert B. Pollock: I think in a steady inventory situation, that would be true, Steven. With all the movement we have going on in these portfolios, we have to go through a letter cycle before they might produce. You just introduce a lot of vagary into some of the placement rate numbers.
Robert B. Pollock: I mean, a couple of things. I think your first point is absolutely an issue that's going on, which is the phone and how it's paid for has been a part of the monthly service fee. And I think that, that's something all carriers are reviewing and trying to figure out, are there different ways to deal with that, okay? So I think that one trend is, "Hey, I have to buy a plan and I get the phone at a subsidized rate." I think carriers are reviewing all that and saying, "Are there different ways to do that?" Okay? Now I'd separate that from -- in terms of the warranty, it's not just a warranty. There's a lot of things involved in the services we provide. So I would say that trying to look at just the warranty aspect maybe isn't the right way to think about it. I think it might be to think about, "How do I protect my data, how do I make sure I have that phone to me immediately?" All these different components start to work in. "Gee, I want to trade in the phone that maybe I'm paying for myself. How does that work?" All that is wrapped up into this kind of program that T-Mobile's introduced.
Robert B. Pollock: That's right. So I mean, if you put that at a big macro level, the money center banks have capital requirements related to the mortgage servicing rates. And I think all the time, they're trying to evaluate that capital requirement. And some of them have made decisions to sell loan portfolios to free up capital that's required to be held around the mortgage servicing rights, and the buyers of those are other specialty servicers. And we've got good alignment there.
Robert B. Pollock: Thanks for joining us this morning. We look forward to updating you on key milestones in the months ahead. Please reach out to Francesca and Suzanne with additional questions.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes. Chris, just one point of clarification. In the scenarios where premium is ceded, the client participates in our cat program alongside us. So paying the premiums, the claims, et cetera, et cetera. So when we put a program together, it's contemplating the aggregate book. Now with respect to the additional $300 million of coverage, that is a function of additional loans that we've -- growth in the program, growth in the risk and, in particular, obviously, growth in the program in the cat-prone areas.
Christopher J. Pagano: Well, the capital deployment decisions and the share repurchase activity is always a forward-looking exercise. So -- and I think from where we stand right now, with $640 million of deployable capital and a stock that we still believe is undervalued and attractively priced, we plan to be in the market through cat season. We'll of course be more conservative because that's just how we are, but do want to be in the market consistently and expect to -- there's a program in place right now, which has been in place since the 10b5-1 programs, since early April. Once we exit blackout period, we'll recalibrate and make some decisions around repurchase activity in the next several months.
Christopher J. Pagano: It's a back-and-forth process. They've asked a number of questions. We've responded. They've asked a few more, we've responded. So it's just an iterative progress, John.
