Keith Demmings: Terrific. Yes. So I think the Lifestyle business has obviously performed very well this year. We've raised the outlook for the full year. So we're confident in the momentum. I would say in terms of the resiliency, we've been dealing with a couple of things, certainly inflationary pressures, but also supply chain constraints as you think about the last couple of years of the pandemic, particularly around parts, both on the Connected Living and the Auto side.  So I think the nature of our deal structures is quite favorable. 2/3 of the time we're not holding the risk relative to the services we perform and the programs that we manage. So that's been very helpful. I'd say we've got a stronger orientation to fee income, even in deals where we retain risk, we're targeting fees. We've got typically allowable loss ratios, ability to reprice. You will see timing issues occur in terms of -- sometimes losses are a little higher, we may recover that over time with client deal structures.  But it hasn't been an issue that's emerged over the course of the last several quarters. We feel really good about it, certainly never fully insulated, but a very different operating model. And then if you think about inflation on the housing side, we've got rate filings, inflation guard and a number of factors that are being put in place to combat that. So lifestyle has been quite resilient from that perspective.
Keith Demmings: So the -- so if you think about inflation guard, we put a double-digit rate increase in July. So that is going to flow through the book as it renews. We've also got regular course rate filings. We've been accelerating rate filings with states, obviously, as severities have been higher and losses have been higher. We've actually gotten 30 state rate filings approved this year, not all of which have been fully implemented, but they're all approved and will be implemented by the end of the next year -- or by the end of this year, sorry. And then we've got an additional set of discussions ongoing with states. So that additional rate layers on top of the double-digit increase that we talked about relative to inflation guard.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think probably a couple of things. First of all, these are short-tail policies, they're annual policies. So as we do get rate, it flows through over a 12-month period, number one. I think the fact that we've got inflation guard built into the product, we don't have to get approval. That's already approved, and we just apply an inflationary factor every year. That drives AIVs up and corresponding increases to rate. So that -- I would call that normal course.  Obviously, inflation is elevated. The industry data supports a higher inflation factor driving more AIV. In terms of the rate, I think as we work with states, we're really looking at the historical experience to justify the increases that we're getting. And I'd say that, that happens like very consistently with what other insurers would be doing. But we've been more aggressive as others have, just in terms of the heightened severities that we're seeing in the marketplace.  So good opportunity to get rate. We're looking to make fair returns on the business. I would say it doesn't have a huge impact on volume. So we've got exceptional relationships with our clients. Obviously, this is a lender-placed policy, and we expect to see consistent policy counts as we move forward even in this higher inflationary environment with more rate flowing through.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think it depends on a range of factors. I would say that as you see the placement rates are relatively stable and have been so for several quarters, and that's just the strength of the housing market, the fact that there's so much positive equity. And I also think about placement rate really tracking closely to delinquency and you've got a prevalence of servicers working on loan modifications, a lot of loss mitigation efforts that's really limiting delinquency, it's limiting foreclosure activity.  Obviously, if that starts to shift and that starts to change and delinquency rates rise at any level significantly, that would have a corresponding impact on our placement rate. Obviously, if there are more foreclosures that would drive up our REO volumes, which are really probably 1/3 of pre-pandemic level. So there's certainly upside over time in placement rate. The real question is, when does that emerge in the economy just because of the strength of the Housing market.  You've also got rising interest rate pressure, certainly, a hardening voluntary insurance market, higher inflationary pressure. So I think we need to see how the economy responds and how consumers respond to get a better feel. We're not counting on a big increase in placement rates as we think about our longer-term expectations. And obviously, if that does happen, that's where we talk about it being a countercyclical hedge from a housing perspective.
Keith Demmings: Sure. Maybe I can start, and then Richard can add on. So we made the decision this quarter, as we talked about, to exit all of our long-tail liability business and driven by the decision around sharing economy. So as we talked about, just wasn't strategically aligned with the direction that we're headed as a company. And it was highly specialized niche business with inherent risk and volatility. We didn't see a path to leadership. We didn't think we could generate the financial returns. But it wasn't strategically aligned with the direction of the company.  So as part of that, all of the clients have already been notified. All of the contracts will be non-renewed. I would say, by first quarter of '23, the net earned premium will be immaterial. And by this time next year, it will be gone completely, really just at that point, managing the runoff. As you saw, we put up a reserve. So as we exited did a very comprehensive top-to-bottom review of the performance of the business, I did a lot of scenario analysis to try to think about how this could emerge over time, put up a full reserve to adequately cover the runoff, which we think is appropriate and look to put this behind us.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think potentially, we could have looked at that as a path. We didn't see it viable. And really, it could have become a distraction to focusing on driving growth through the rest of the organization. We will certainly consider alternatives now that we've put it in runoff to see if there's a way to structure something around sharing the risk with a third party. That's certainly possible, and we'll look to consider that. But the value for monetization, I would say, was lower than the distraction factor of trying to work through that process quite candidly.
Keith Demmings: Yes. So a couple of things. First of all, I would say we feel like we're really well-positioned in the retros business. We've got 2.6 million customers. So it's giving us a great opportunity in terms of market leadership, scale. We've been investing in the customer experience, deepening our expertise. So we do expect long-term growth. It's a very attractive part of the market.  I would say in terms of the results being flat, we do have strength in growth within the property management company channel. So that continues to grow exceptionally well. We're gaining share. We're driving attach rates, and we're having a lot of success with our Cover360 product, really just more integrated into the byflow. We've talked about better digital tools, collecting the insurance as part of the rent and just leveraging our full capability. So that's going extremely well.  We have an affinity portion of our business, which the growth has slowed where we partner with insurance companies. I think as insurance companies have been focusing on getting rate and dealing with inflationary pressures, a little less marketing generally with some of our partners. So I think that normalizes over time as the economy finds more stability in the future. But we are seeing growth, and we do think long-term growth will emerge as we continue to focus on this part of our business.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think as we look at the year at 3% to 6% in terms of our EBITDA growth. We certainly expect that to be increasing as we move into 2023. And I'd say, largely, we do expect the lender-placed business and Housing overall to continue to improve as we get more rate. And then we do have great momentum in Lifestyle. So we haven't set the specific target for 2023 and 2024. What we have said is on average, we want to deliver north of 10% EBITDA growth. We're still committed to our long-term objectives from Investor Day, which I think is really important. And we're going to do everything we can to deliver those results and be accountable to delivering our financial commitments.
Keith Demmings: Yes. So the policies are annual, and they renew it each year. So if you think about, let's take July, for example, we put in place double-digit rate increases for the cohort of annual policies that renewed in July. So think about that rate going in 1\12 at a time over 12 months and then think about it earning 1/12 at a time after it's in place. So the whole cycle takes 24 months, but it builds momentum month by month by month.  And then we've also got, as I said, state-related rate increases that go in at different periods in the year. That's also contributing. And I mentioned 30 approved rates really affecting about 75% of our premium overall and then a number of additional filings that are ongoing. So we do feel like we've got a great opportunity with rate, it's a terrific mechanism and designed to deal with inflationary pressures. And we expect it to work, and we expect to get the housing business where it needs to be from a total return perspective.  The one thing that's interesting, if you think about Housing, and it's a tough quarter, right? We're not pleased with the results in the quarter. The first half housing combined ratio is 86%. The first half annualized ROE, it's 20.6%. That will normalize as we get through the rest of the year. But we still think it will be quite strong overall, given we're underperforming our own expectations.  So I do want to highlight that as the backdrop. It is a strong business. It generates tremendous cash flow. We've got great market-leading advantages, and the financial performance is still strong. It's just not where we want it to be to deliver on our total commitments.
Keith Demmings: Yes. We've had a pretty good track record of maintaining our clients, and this is true across the board. We actually renewed two of our larger lender-placed clients on the housing side this quarter. I didn't mention in the prepared remarks, but our team did a fantastic job on those client renewals. And I'd say that we've got a track record of renewing clients. Average tenure of clients is extremely long. So we're proud of that, and it's all based on delivering and executing for the clients, but ultimately for end consumers.  In terms of the cable space, I think we've become a market leader with cable operators who are -- who have entered the mobile space, they're growing rapidly. They're evolving their products and services meaningfully every year, and we're really proud of the work that our teams have done there. And I think that's built a lot of momentum.  So we're strong with carriers. We're strong with new market entrants. And we've been a company that's been quite nimble in how we've approached the market. Hopefully, that also sets us up to grow new relationships with new clients as we move forward. And we think we're extremely well-positioned in Connected Living, And we've invested significantly over many, many years to get to this position, and we have great fantastic momentum.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think -- when I look at the growth opportunity in Connected Living, I still think that we have more growth opportunity there than in any business that we operate. And it's growing the fastest and it's the largest contributor to financial results. So that's a pretty strong place to be. On your biggest, most successful business still has more white space, both in terms of the core of what we do, but also in terms of expanding our scope of services and then winning new clients. We've talked about trade-in and the fact that we do trade-in services with multiple brands now around the world. That creates opportunity for us to build deeper partnerships where we can add additional value over time. As we think about the evolution, we've talked a lot about leveraging our network for in-store repair. Those are additional capabilities. We operate 500 CPR stores. That is something that we want to continue to leverage to create value for our partners.  As I think about the work that we've done with T-Mobile, that's another great example in terms of service and repair. It wasn't designed to be a significant financial contributor overall. It was designed around how do we give consumers choice and better options to get their repairs done at their convenience. As I think about that part of the business, volumes have been a little lower than expected, but customer feedback and Net Promoter Scores have been exceptional, and I would say higher than we would have otherwise anticipated. We actively work to optimize that program to modify the program and expect over time, changes to be financially beneficial for both parties. So a lot of interesting momentum in this part of the business.
Keith Demmings: Yes. So probably a couple of thoughts, and then Richard can certainly add in. We have seen progress in a lot of the great efforts by our team, particularly in housing on digital first, so really transforming our operations and driving more efficiency and better experience. That's building quarter over quarter over quarter. So we do see momentum in the second half and further acceleration as we get into 2023, even at the current level of placement rates in the current scale.  We're also looking to continue to simplify the business. optimize support structures, how do we focus our energy where we can move the needle the most. So that work is ongoing as well. And then to Richard's earlier point, if we do get an increase in volume through placement rate over time, we have natural economies of scale that will benefit the P&L over time.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think from a mobile perspective, I would say that, first of all, there still seems to be very strong demand for high-end smartphones in key markets, even as we see pressure in the economy. The high-end smartphone market is up year-over-year, and it's up in our core markets. So that's a really good thing. We see clients continuing to push for growth today to take advantage of their investments in 5G and the relevance of the mobile device today, it's increasingly important for consumers. So that's helpful backdrop.  I would say that the majority of our total economics in mobile are driven by our device protection subscribers. We've got 63.5 million global subs. Whether a customer buys a new device or retains their old device, it doesn't move that number a significant amount. Obviously, if our clients are growing or shrinking in terms of net adds, that can have an impact over time, but fairly moderated and based on the nature of the subscription service. Where I would see more pressure would be potentially less trade-in activity, if there were less mobile phone sales, which we certainly haven't seen. Mobile phone sales are strong, trade-ins are very strong, but that would be the leading indicator if trade-in starts to slow down.  That's not a big driver of total economics. The counterpoint would be used devices will become more valuable, more attractive, and there may be other ways for us to monetize it. So I think mobile is relatively protected from any kind of short-term shocks from a recessionary environment.
Keith Demmings: No, I don't think so. I think we've seen really steady attach, really steady churn. I think consumers are inclined to protect high-end devices generally. And certainly, if there are more strap for cash having protection in place is probably a good thing. But we haven't seen through economic cycles, really material changes in terms of the attach of the churn over time. So we don't expect that would be a big driver.
Keith Demmings: Yes. Definitely, there is some incremental increases in the non-cat loss ratio. Certainly, a little bit of that is inflation. But I would say, broadly, it's more getting to in-line with pre-pandemic. So we saw more favorability in loss ratios as people were home more during the pandemic. I think we've seen that normalize. And obviously, we get rate adjustments on that product line, too, as needed and as justified. But I don't see a huge inflationary impact. It's more just lining up with historicals.
Keith Demmings: Yes. It's a great question. And I would say that my commitment and the goal that we have in terms of financial performance is to deliver the original Investor Day outlook for 2024. So what that implies is we've got to accelerate growth beyond the original 10% in '22 -- or '23 and '24 to make up for the shortfall in 2022, which is exactly your point. So that's certainly how we're thinking about it, Grace.  Obviously, there's a lot of moving parts and there's a lot of unknowns as we think about the economy and inflation. The good news is, I think the miss, as we look at 2022, is entirely driven by housing loss ratio from inflation, in particular from severity. And because of the features within the product and the ability to get rate that naturally resolves itself over time without a degradation in volume. So provided that, that rolls through as we expect and hope that it will, provided inflation calms down.  So our current thinking is inflation stays elevated through the end of the year begins moderating and moderates consistently through '23 and then sort of normalizes into '24. If that happens, we do feel good about our 2024 long-term commitment. And part of it is the strength of Global Lifestyle and in particular, investment income in Auto has been strong. The business has been generating significant growth. And then Connected Living and Mobile, in particular, has been on quite a role in the last handful of years.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I would say that we're going to finish the year at least if we think about our forecast today and what's implied in that forecast when you unpack Housing. It may be a little above our range on a combined ratio basis, probably at the low end in terms of ROE. So pretty strong financial performance still overall based on those metrics. But let's say, a little bit worse than the range. We definitely think that 84% to 89% range over time is the right target for this business. And the exit of sharing economy, I'd say it wasn't a huge business, not a big driver, and it doesn't significantly change the way we think about combined targets.  Well, thank you very much, everybody. Appreciate all the questions and the interest in the company. We had a solid first half of the year, led by the strength of the Global Lifestyle segment. We believe our business model remains well-positioned, as we've talked about, even in a challenging macro environment. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everybody. Have a great day.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Yes, it's a great question. It is up a little bit over the last quarter to 46%. So I think you're right. It's a little bit higher than we'd like to see it. We are -- we've talked about in previous calls. We are investing digitalization in projects like that, create more efficiencies, as Keith said in his opening remarks. So we would see that, I would say, over time as these projects and these efforts come through. Also, the first question on placement rates as the volumes of the business grow, obviously, the things that we have in place in our operations are very leverageable. So that would also bring down the expense ratio over time.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, sure, Mark. Yes. First of all, I would say that rising interest rates overall are good for the business, and we've been seeing that in this quarter as well. We've had some real estate gains, as we mentioned in our remarks, but we also have fixed income and yields on fixed income raising. We have a 5-year duration. So think about 20% of the portfolio rolling over every year. So we won't have any quantum step in terms of long-term rates and long-term yields. But it will gradually increase over time, which is a good thing. I think you probably saw the yield for this quarter over 3.5%, which is quite good.  What's interesting too about it is if we look at our book of business, if we go back a year from now, the assets that were coming to maturity or the fixed income coming to maturity, we're rolling over at lower levels than they were maturing at. Now they're rolling over for the most part at higher levels. So that bodes well for the future. And short-term rates, yes, we have some of our money and cash, obviously. And we're getting an immediate impact on that. Obviously, smaller dollars given a smaller level of cash that we have relative to the fixed income portfolio.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. When we back out the reserving that we did, the strengthening of the reserves that we did, we're getting closer to the low 40s. I would say -- on the other hand, call it 43%. On the other hand, what I would say, as Keith articulated earlier, we do have inflation coming through. There will be a lag in terms of when the rates and inflation guards come through. So I wouldn't see that rate coming down so faster than that, faster than 43% or lower than 43% any time kind of in the next quarter. I think over time, we're going to see that improve and probably go closer to 40% as we go through the end of the year into next year, so forth. It's hard to predict because, obviously, it's hard to predict what inflation is going to do for the rest of the year. But essentially, as we're looking forward at our forecasting, that's what we're looking at.
