Mike Peninger: Yes. I think that we just generally see seasonal fluctuations in the mobile loss experience, Mark, and it can be a variety of things. For example, new phones, new handsets introduced into the marketplace, sometimes in their early durations have worse experience then as manufacturing process matures and things like that, so. The things as we have seen bounce around a bit; we just wanted to note that they were really favorable in the first quarter.
Mike Peninger: Yes. I think there's also, we've got FX volatility that we sort of flagged that may continue and we've also got run-off of some of the existing Solutions businesses. For example, some terminated service contract clients. That is going to go down. Credit insurance, we have talked about before domestic credit being sort of a run-off business. Then you got going the other way, you have got some growing impact of expense saves from actions that we have taken there, so you've got a lot of things going on. We put them all together and say $50 million in the fourth quarter still seems like a reasonable place.
Mike Peninger: Yes. Again, I think our first quarter pattern is consistent with where we always are. We don't take a lot of dividends out of the business early in the year. I think, we have pointed out we think we can get the segment earnings out as dividends over the course of the year and we will do that. I think that we are also in the process of, we've got some organic growth, we want to make sure as we meet with the rating agencies we have got things properly funded to maintain our ratings with A.M. Best and I will let Chris just talk a little bit about the M&A pipeline and some other things.
Mike Peninger: Well, I think the deployment of capital will be consistent with the generation of operating company dividends, so to the extent that is backend-weighted, you could make that link. However, our goal is to be in the market consistently. If possible, also through cat season, but we are going to be conservative about how we do that and also a function of what the go-forward M&A pipeline looks like. We are matching up with the ins and outs and then also the mix related to what we see in the way of both, M&A growth and organic growth.
Mike Peninger: No. You picked up on it. It's the StreetLinks' acquisition and other areas we have targeted for growth.
Mike Peninger: I think that's right. I do think though, Chris, the other reality is, that the impact of the risk mitigation programs is very new and we and all companies in the business are working with a world now that's quite a bit different than there was in the past and we are making estimates and in some cases based on very limited experience, and that will play out over the course of the year, so you can't sort of avoid that, but I really think, as Rob said, when we look at this we have got the focus on the pre-tax results, we've got the sales momentum. We think that our agents, distribution channel has resonated, consumers still want their agents, we still like the long-term value, the long-term potential of the market, but this sort of transition period is going to create a certain amount of volatility, I think almost regardless what we do.
Mike Peninger: Yes. Well, there is an actually lot of adjustments in Solutions. You got the earnings you pointed out too. We also paid the contingent payment to LSG when that was completed. Then it just takes a certain amount of time in our process to get. We have several shared entities and we get the allocations sort of to each of the businesses calibrated that this introduces a certain amount of noise and so you see some of that corporate sort of true-up action that went on and added to the equity this quarter.
Mike Peninger: Certainly as we've always done, John, we are always looking to fine-tune that legal entity structure, and if there are opportunities, we are certainly not saying we will never be able to get any equity out or anything. We keep working that issue.
Mike Peninger: I think, each year you learn a little bit more. The methodology for estimating gets better and so we think we have got a reasonable estimate out there now, Seth. Things can change as we do M&A or something like that, but I think we are getting now - able to calibrate the impact of this.
Mike Peninger: Yes. I think, you start with that mobile market. Very dynamic. Lots going on, and you can see the competition for subscribers that's going on amongst different carriers. You have got phone producers producing new phones, I think that the key on all that, Seth, it's just creating a very dynamic marketplace. We don't really have a tremendous amount of experience, and I think on exactly how these programs are going to work out, and we just want all investors to be aware that these are not going to be smooth. They are going to come and they will be a little bit lumpy and we will learn more as we move forward and see new devices introduced and see additional programs offered to consumers. What we feel good about is, we have been able to support our partners as these programs have rolled out and they have been successful. 
Mike Peninger: Well, we look at a lot of factors in providing our outlook, Sean, and we've got all the normal drivers and we make assumptions for portfolio activity, but these discussions are still ongoing so we really aren't in a position to size that now. As more information becomes available, we will certainly provide.
Mike Peninger: You know, to me the bulk case is more connected everybody. Right? More dependence on devices for that whole interconnected world, so I think that there's just going to be a lot of dynamism in this market and we feel very good that we can bring more solutions than just insurance to our partners.
Mike Peninger: Yes. Well, there's several things going on. Lapse activity was up in the first quarter. Now that we are past open enrollment, I would make a couple of points. One is, some of our sales haven't sort of been processed through and added into our in-force total, so we would expect to see some of that coming through in the second quarter. It could also have some amount of lapse activity that would go the other way too, but that sales growth is going through there. Now that open enrollment is out, the activities really going to slow down. We are going to get sales, we expect to get sales, but they will be driven around life events, lapse activities would sort of stabilize, so I think you should see less sort of volatility going forward.
Mike Peninger: You talk about the three Rs, the risk mitigation, you know one of them doesn't apply to us, the risk orders, because we haven't been selling on the exchanges, so when you think about the reinsurance program that's really you are estimating. That has nothing to do with the riskiness of your block. That's really just estimating how many of your claims are likely to be reaching the reinsurance threshold and that's the larger impact for us compared to the risk adjuster that you are sort of talking about, Steven. For both of these programs, they are new and there's a lot of assumptions and experiences really early as I have said in my prepared remarks. We are just going to see this play out and we will be able to give you a much better feel for this stuff as the year goes on.
Mike Peninger: Yes. Weather was definitely the primary driver, Mark. There is a lot of the winter frozen pipes, those kinds of things that went along with the really cold weather across a lot of the country.
Rob Pollock: Again, I think we are executing on our strategy within mobile. We've pointed out that their results were more favorable than we expected. We certainly, before we were to make a change, we would want to see several quarters (Inaudible).
Rob Pollock: I think, we've also pointed out we think we can grow earnings at a 10% clip for the next several years.
Rob Pollock: Well, I haven't looked at our experience by the state. I'm sure that some of the weather-related claims relate to the Northeast, but, we have a filing in with the department and we are in regular dialogues with them as we are with many other insurance departments.
Rob Pollock: Right. Then last the Iké acquisition, we are please with that. That's a little bit different acquisition, because we've taken a position in the company that will report through on an equity method there, but we are quite excited about opportunities we are seeing there to expand across the region.
Rob Pollock: Again, I think a good place to start on the Health side is, when the Affordable Care Act was passed and we evaluated what is the best course of action for shareholders. We embarked on a strategy built on those pillars of affordability and choice. We are quite pleased with the results that we are delivering in that arena combined with the great reduction in expenses we have been able to achieve as we have taken money out of our expense structure to be more competitive. The taxes are a bit of a complicated issue. As Mike mentioned, we are very focused on the pre-tax side of things and we know that if we can continue to grow pre-tax income, the tax volatility will reduce.
Rob Pollock: Exactly, and that's why when we set up the strategy, we said 18 to 24 months after full implementation of ACA, we are going to have a good line of sight on things and we are getting closer to that.
Rob Pollock: When you look at the $50 million in the fourth quarter, I think about that as, if you look at our acquisitions, John, we have evaluated the acquisitions on a cash basis. We feel very good about how they will report through, but we have also pointed out that on GAAP because of the amortization of intangibles, we are not going to see the GAAP profits right away, so that’s what's causing a bit of that differential between the GAAP ROE and how we have evaluated the deal for the acquisition, which has been on a cash basis.
Rob Pollock: Yes. If you think about the components of the unearned premium, John, most of it actually comes from extended service contracts and vehicle service contracts.
Rob Pollock: Extended service contracts, typically will start earning after the manufacturers' warranty expires, which can be anywhere from one to two years. On vehicle service contracts, particularly new ones, that's a little more extended and can be in the three-year range. That mix of business will vary.
Rob Pollock: Yes. It's about $20 million, Seth, plus the $6 million or so true-up that I mentioned in the first quarter, so 25, 26 for the year is sort of that we are talking about.
Rob Pollock: We do. Again, we think that the pre-tax is the better measure. We think that we are going to see an improvement in earnings next year on a pre-tax basis and that we will build towards those attractive returns we have talked about.
Rob Pollock: Sorry. I was is going to add now, important what Mike pointed or Chris is that number has been coming down over time as this market has been bottoming out.
Rob Pollock: Correct, and I think that's one. Remember, we are taking things we think we are quite good at and we think we can leverage and we think there's going to be consolidation in the industry. If you think about who the clients are for these services are people we are dealing with on a regular basis for other things and we think we are going to be able to leverage that successfully.
Rob Pollock: Yes. I would say again, looking at placement rate, that's going to be the biggest driver of our revenues. If you go back and look at our Investor Day, I think Gene tried to lay out what the path would look like for the normalization of those placement rates. 
Rob Pollock: Not of all it, because you will have a portion that's intangibles which get amortized over time and a portion is goodwill, which doesn't get amortized.
Rob Pollock: Yes. I think that what's changed is the paradigm of when people buy. It used to be [uniform] over the course of the year. It's now going to be heavily weighted toward the open enrollment periods.
Rob Pollock: That was in the old model. In new model, it's been changed to being around when they buy during the open enrollment periods.
Rob Pollock: So, I don't think it's a matter. I think the pool of all of individual health is, it's recognize, because of the rules that have been put in place going to be different and a little riskier here, no underwriting, all the ads benefits, all these things and they have asked everybody to make a contribution to that all the health insurers.
Rob Pollock: Well, again, we believe that there is a great need for the other type of products around affordability. We are optimistic, because some pick up little in the first quarter and we have sold a lot of supplemental products along with our major medical, so we are going to see that play out just like Mike said on risk mitigation, hey, let's get a couple quarters and we will be able to provide some actual information as opposed to what we have assumed.
Rob Pollock: Thanks for joining us this morning. We look forward to updating you on key milestones in the months ahead. Please reach out to Francesca and Suzanne with any additional questions.
Chris Pagano: Yes. Just maybe just one other comment around segment operating earnings versus dividends, so round numbers segment operating earnings this quarter were $150 million. We took about $25 million worth of dividends out of operating companies, did actually infuse back into about $35 million roughly, about $25 million of which went into help to support the organic growth that they are seeing there, but you can think about still having some operating earnings at the segments that are available for dividends later in the year. As Rob pointed out, again, if you think about what we did in the way of deploying capital this quarter, the cash flow needs of the holding company weren't influenced, but again look for that to normalize during the rest of the year. Now the other question is, segment dividends are a function of operating earnings which is also a function of cap season, so that will also play into our decision making around deployment. Now, on the M&A side we think about, you know, I think broadly about deploying capital and that includes organic growth, growth via M&A and then of course returning capital to shareholders, which we still think is share repurchase is the best use of any capital we want to go back. When I think about the last several years, in particular 2010 to 2012, share repurchase is really the only alternative. Last year, we saw profitable growth opportunities that provided a comfortable risk return profile that we purchased and you saw that in our activity. Now, we did also returned significant capital to shareholders and deployed $350 million in M&A, so I think this year we will look on a mix basis more like last year than certainly 2010 to 2012, but the order of magnitude of its deployment will be a function of earnings and our ability to get that earnings up to the holding company in the form of dividends.
Chris Pagano: No. I guess, the only other point I would make is, the key and the importance of integration and execution and the focus by the individual segments and the teams within those segments around maximizing the synergies that were valued in the deal. Each of these deals in our process has a series of assumptions that the segments owned and obviously their goal is to outperform or do better than the assumption that we made which is what is going to allow us to deliver value on the M&A activity.
Chris Pagano: Sure. Let me just make a couple comments. I think, our view and the way we value the deal was that the market is going to trend lower in 2014, but then bottom. I think, the investment thesis is not about a growth in market, but growth in market share, where we expand our product offerings across the value chain. We also feel as like we can leverage that platform and some of the other platforms and generate operating efficiency, so really market share gain combined with improving operating margins is really where we think that this deal is going to add value.
Chris Pagano: No. The StreetLinks, again, back to my comments earlier, we were aware that the StreetLinks' acquisition was pending. It did move out into Q2, so it is not part of the of the calculation. $60 million of corporate is really around some compensation expenses, some tax cash outflow which is the difference between cash and accrual that tends to come back over the course of the year, so again it's not something that I would suggest run rating by any means, because again this is just the seasonality of the operating company cash flow needs.
