Richard Dziadzio: I think there is probably the two parts of it. I think first of all, we're expanding in the property management channel, I mean, we have really good growth and strong growth. As we said in - Alan said in his remarks, we're investing in that channel to stay at the forefront of innovation and allowing renters to come in and on-board more quickly. So there is some expense there. I think there's probably two fold, I mean, we're being very competitive in the market, but also there is a lag effect between when we bring on, we are writing the premium when the premium flows through, but I would say, no big changes in margins that we've seen.
Richard Dziadzio: John, the other thing that we talked about at Investor Day, we've really expanded the multi-year component of our reinsurance, which really stabilizes cost for us over time.
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah, I mean there was a part in there due to that, I mean that was I would say, the primary part that - the loss ratio year-over-year as we have sort of pointed out, that's within, just for everyone, that sort of within the specialty property component of housing, which was about $120 million to $500 million and specialty commercial property part is about 20%, 25% and that was a small component, and we didn't have great experience to get increase in severity in that book of business and as we've said, we are monitoring it as we go forward.
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah, John. Hi, it's Rich. I will take that one. We are starting to on-board clients, we are getting some good reactions from the clients. I mean, first and foremost, our investment in the program is to position us for a great customer experience going forward and investment we've made is being well received. So I think that's probably the biggest point on that. It's a multi-year project, and I think as we look forward, I don't think there will be a threshold moment where in 2020, we would see a big impact of expenses. But it would be over time and over, I would say over the next years. On the other hand, I think as you look at the overall expense ratio for the housing area, we are really managing expenses tightly both in the housing area, but overall as a company as you've seen, also in our overall corporate loss and stability there.
Richard Dziadzio: I think John, what I would say is we still feel very good about the long-term impact of that and we've reaffirmed that 86% to 90% combined ratio over time for the segment.
Alan Colberg: Hi, John. Yeah, thanks for the question. And actually we did, I think the market had some visibility in terms of the cat cost in Florida, the cost of the hurricane - Florida Hurricane Cat Fund. So we have a, I say a large part of that in to it. As we come into the year, might be a tiny bit higher, but nothing that would impact our outlook whatsoever.
Alan Colberg: Yeah. So, certainly, if we look at the quarter, we're pleased by the results and mobile was stronger than we had expected, really driven by trade in volumes. The late introduction in Q4, some of the smartphones push volume into Q1, more than we had expected. So as we head into Q2, we will have seasonality in connected living both in the normal summer, where we just have a greater loss experience and then trade in volumes usually slowdown in Q2 and Q3 as people are anticipating the next smartphone introductions.
Alan Colberg: It's hard for us to predict that, but I would say as we remain very confident in our long-term outlook that we've given for Lifestyle, which is that 10% plus average annual mortgage growth that we have a lot of confidence in quarter-to-quarter, it's harder to predict.
Alan Colberg: Really an increase in severity, I would say in the book, no huge several big things, but an increase in severity overall.
Alan Colberg: So, I think the way I think about that question is, we've said that we expect over the next three years to return $1.35 billion to shareholders via common stock, dividends and repurchases, that translates into roughly $300 million a year over the three years in repurchases. We have to remember, we buy via 10b5-1 and so we can't go in and out of the market that easily.
Alan Colberg: I think we're very pleased with our progress in mobile. You heard in my prepared remarks, I rave about these four or five major new clients that we've started relationships with in the last 18 to 24 months. And as I mentioned at Investor Day, we will be ramping up later this year with Metro by T-Mobile, which has the potential for about 3 million subs to be added over time to our portfolio. So we're very focused on executing on that, but the pipeline remains strong. Our innovative offerings have really differentiated us and giving us a lot of traction in the market.
Alan Colberg: Got it. In 5G, what we've talked about is ultimately when that gains real consumer traction, there will be a handset replacement cycle that will occur. I think it's still quite a ways in the future if you look at the timing of the rollout of 5G, but that is a long-term tailwind that will help the business at some point.
Alan Colberg: Yeah. So John, let me provide a little context. So when we originally signed the agreement, which was in late 2013, and it's really all about creating more scale for our business in Latin America, which we - in key markets like Mexico, that's a priority. With The Warranty Group acquisition, we added dramatically more scale in the key markets like Mexico and Argentina and Brazil, and given that, it causes us to step back and say, how do we think about this business. Now, it's important to note over the five years, we've been involved, the business has performed well. It's actually slightly ahead of the expectations we had when we made the original investment. But we have scale now in Latin America. So it's a good chance for us to step back and think about what's best for our shareholders.
Alan Colberg: I don't think that's at all the way we think about the business. So we're aligned with the market leaders. We are expanding our whole and providing services to them. We've talked about the addition of major new services in the last 18 months, like premium tech support. And if you look at the long-term, we have grown earnings in that business, 10% plus over the last six years, with an outlook that we're going to continue to be able to do that. So it's a very good business where we are critically important to our partners and delivering the consumer experiences they want. And so we don't tend to think about the margin of each service, because some of them are fee income, some are not. But we look at it and can we continue to grow profitably, and expand and deepen our relationships with our key clients, which we've done very well.
Alan Colberg: We don't have one, because what we've said matters in Lifestyle. It's not a traditional insurance business. So thinking about returns is not the way to think about it. What we have said is, we can grow earnings and we've done it for six plus years and we can continue to do it. Now, we've said overall for the enterprise, we will be disciplined in that growth with overall enterprise ROE gradually rising over the next three years. But for Lifestyle, specifically it's about profitable earnings growth.
Alan Colberg: John, appreciate question. Let me maybe start just a little more broadly on the TWG synergies, and then I'll come to that one specifically. If you recall, when we did the deal, we announced that we had a hard cost synergy target of $60 million run rate pre-tax by the end of 2019. We are on track and we expect we will deliver that by the end of this year. With that said then, we've really turned a lot of our focus to other sources of synergy ranging from revenue synergies. One of the things we recently rolled out in Japan as the partnership of KDDI around our connected home, we're leveraging our relationship with the legacy Warranty Group capabilities to deliver in the home in Japan. So that's an example of a revenue synergy that they were going hard after, and on the claims costs absolutely, we now have an extraordinarily strong position in the market, leveraging our knowledge of the cards with the payers, these things that go on. And so we're looking to how do we leverage that now, a lot of that benefit will flow to our clients and many of our programs are reinsured or quota shared with our clients. But that strengthens our relationships with those clients and we'll get some benefits. So we're early days on those, it takes time to implement that. But it's another significant source of synergy that as you said, it's not reflected when we talked about the expectations for the TWG deal.
Alan Colberg: John, the important thing on lender-placed, I think for everyone to remember is we've now said that we've got that business more stable with significant upside, if we get into an account audit downside. Specifically, on our single source platform for 2019, it's a modest amount. It's really more about as Richard said, the longer term and the consumer experience.
Alan Colberg: I mean, it's hard to predict now where the expense margin is going to go. I think when we look at the overall expense ratio in the first quarter, also taking into account the variety of businesses within it, whether it would be lender-placed, multi-family, whatever, we have brought it down, managing it well. What I expect to go down in the future as we get through the single source platform, I would expect it to go down, but it's hard today to kind of predict what would happen in 2020, exactly.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, John. All right, well, thanks everyone for participating in today's call. We're pleased with our first quarter performance and believe we're off to a strong start for the year. We look forward to updating you on our progress on our second quarter earnings call in August. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd or Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thank you.
John Nadel: How to - is any chance we can talk about how to think about that in terms of dollar amount of earning, typical seasonality as it is like a 5% quarter-over-quarter decline, and...
John Nadel: Got it, understood, okay. And then Alan, one of the - I guess one of the critics that I hear from time to time and based on the disclosures that we get from you guys. I think it's not so easy to counter this critique, is an overarching belief that your position. And I'm talking about Lifestyle here, your position, Assurant's position in the value chain is one that suffers maybe from lower economic relative to maybe a service provider like a Verizon or another, and that the growth as you grow, your incremental margin may actually be lower. Is that a fair critique or is there some way that you can provide some data that counters that? I think that's one thing that weighs a little bit, your growth rate is - the top line growth rate looks terrific, right? I mean, in particular these last couple of quarters. I'm just trying to - I'm trying to see if there's a way to counter that overarching belief or perception.
John Nadel: Got you. And the last one I have for you, you talked about this some time ago, I don't remember if at Investor Day, there was any real commentary around this, but I'm thinking about Global Auto and the potential that there may be some opportunity to drive down repair costs given your better size and scale and maybe some ability to renegotiate some contracts with repair facilities dealership. I'm just wondering if there's any update on that front. I know it's not something that - I know you did not build in anything from that and essential stream into your synergies. I'm just wondering if you can give us an update on any progress.
