Keith Demmings: Yes. I'd say, first of all, yes, we're pretty excited about the results in housing and it's tremendous amount of work by the team in the last year, and it's really showing through here the last few quarters, and we're building a lot of momentum.  I would say very little of the policy growth relates to the underlying economy or REO at all. We're really seeing no change in placement rate based on economic conditions, maybe a little bit of increase in policy count in a state like California, I'd say very modest, but a bit of a harder market. So we're seeing a little bit of growth there. Florida, basically flat year-to-date. So most of the growth is clients and client loan-related mix and nothing yet in terms of the broader economy.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I mean, obviously, we work on rates related to that product line consistently state by state. We also have, as you know, the average insured value adjustment that we do in the summer every year. And obviously, last summer, we put a meaningful double-digit increase into average insured values. This year, it was just over 3%, 3.1% that went into July.  And then state by state, based on historical performance and expected costs, we continue to work with states. I feel like we still have momentum running through the portfolio. We haven't -- certainly haven't topped out in terms of the impact from the rate adjustments. But we do see it tapering and slowing. Certainly, as we think about Q4 as we head into 2024.  But year-to-date, feel good with where our loss ratios sit. In housing, we're 42% non-cat loss ratio if you adjust for prior period development, very consistent with where we were last year. So we feel like the rates that we have are certainly appropriate. And as we see impacts on cost of claims will modify as we go forward.
Keith Demmings: Yes. So if we think about that year-over-year, certainly, volumes are down. We saw softer promotional activity in the third quarter, not out of alignment with what we expected. We did see a pickup in the back half of September, obviously, after new product introduction by Apple. So hopefully, that sets us up with what we'd expect in the fourth quarter to be an improvement there.  And as I look at that business, we've done a really nice job in driving operational efficiency and automation to continue to improve the efficiency with which we operate. And then as you said, we've gotten higher sale prices when we're selling devices and obviously, we derive revenue based on how well we sell devices in the secondary market. But I'd say there's not much else to report.  Profitability, a little bit stronger. But if you'll remember, third quarter last year, we had a bit of a mismatch between expenses and revenue. So Q3 trading results were a little bit depressed last year.
Keith Demmings: Yes. So maybe I can start and then certainly, Richard can jump in. Obviously, when you look at Housing's revenue year-over-year, it's up meaningfully, $100 million, $103 million year-over-year. All of that is from growth in homeowners, which is up 31% year-over-year in terms of revenue.  If we think about what's driving the performance from an underlying EBITDA perspective and Richard obviously talked about the prior period development. If you adjust the development, $15 million this year against adverse development last year of '24, we still see a $67 million increase in our underlying EBITDA.  And I would say 2/3 of that is really driven by rates average insured values, which obviously play together, and then relatively stable losses related to higher levels of premium rolling through. And then the balance, maybe 1/3 is split between policy growth, which is up 3.5% year-over-year and then investment income, which is obviously helping with cash yields and more assets being held. But Richard, happy to have you add any other detail.
Keith Demmings: Yes, sure. We start at the highest level with Japan, I mean -- and I've talked about this before, and hopefully, this comes through. I mean this is a really, really critical market for Assurant. It's a tremendous mobile marketplace. It's the second largest in the world after the U.S. And I do think we are well positioned for long-term growth. That's the fundamental point. We're doing a lot of investing in the market, investing in not just capabilities but also talent. And we're in a really fortunate position today in that we have relationships with every major operator in the marketplace. We don't do all things for all operators, but we've got access, we've got deep relationships. And I think over time, that will bear fruit. I would say, as we think about exiting 2023, we're certainly stabilizing the financial performance in Japan. We've seen some subscriber runoff as we've talked about in the past. I expect that to continue to decelerate into '24.  And we do think we'll grow EBITDA in Japan year-over-year, '24 over '23. So I'm really pleased with the hard work that the teams are doing and how we're positioned in the market. But that market is about what is it going to look like in 5 years? And how do we unlock the full potential of what I think we can achieve in that market.
Keith Demmings: Yes. So the 4-year policies continue to run down. Certainly, the majority of the business is on an evergreen policy. A 100% of the business that is sold today is on an evergreen policy, but certainly, the vast majority.
Keith Demmings: Yes. So we definitely have still seen inflationary pressure. If we look at the Q3 results as an example, we did see higher severities year-over-year. We did see higher frequencies year-over-year. But because of the rate action that we've taken and the change with inflation guard on insured values, the premiums that we're getting more than offset those increases from a claims perspective. So I'd say that's largely why we're outperforming in this market. And obviously, our team is doing a really good job, to Richard's point, not just on the way we operate claims and the diligence that we work with, but the effort around expense efficiency.  I mean if you think about Housing, we've scaled that business -- and it really is a scale business. We've scaled tremendously and our expenses -- operational expenses are flat to down for the bulk of the Housing business. And overall, done a really good job on containing G&A, simplifying and focusing and driving a lot of digital initiatives to drive efficiency.  So it's a combination of 4 or 5 things that are coming together to lead to the outperformance. It's not as simple as rate. It's a lot of work across the board over the last 12 months-or-so.
Keith Demmings: Yes, I would say that we're not actively considering any other relocations. If you think back to when we acquired HYLA. So go back to December 2020, we acquired HYLA. HYLA had a large facility in Nashville, Tennessee, and then Assurant had a facility in New York and a facility in Texas. And as we've looked at our business model, and we always wanted to have multiple sites for redundancy, certainly in operational resilience, but trying to get back to 2 sites, feels like a strategically the right thing to do for the business.  And then looking at geographies where we feel like we're really well positioned from a access to talent, from a logistics, access to clients, et cetera. So it's really more about the strategic decision here than it is purely on a cost basis. And it's trying to have scaled facilities that we can make proper investments in and then obviously get access to the talent. So that's what's driving that change. And we will be actually scaling our facility in Nashville. We're in the process of doing that work now. So we'll be building a newer, more modern and significantly larger facility to support the long-term growth of that business.
Keith Demmings: Yes. So maybe I'll just offer one thought and then Richard can speak to the process. But to your point, we've obviously had a favorable cat year to this point, significantly below last year, and we talked about a target cat load of $140 million. We're sitting at $89 million year-to-date. So obviously, that's fortunate from that perspective and we'll certainly look to those statistics as we talk to our partners heading into the renewal cycle and hopefully a little bit of a different environment than we were in last year. But Richard, maybe talk a little bit about how we're thinking about reinsurance.
Keith Demmings: Yes, great question. So we're looking at ex cat, first of all, obviously, hard to predict what cats are going to look like. But as I think about Housing in '24, I think when we suggest modest growth, there's a couple of things to remember. First of all, a phenomenal 2023. I mean this is a pretty significant recovery year, obviously, a little bit more challenged in '22, but roaring back in 2023.  So we're extremely pleased about that. And of course, that trend line can't continue because it's been such a turnaround. But what I would say is we've also seen about $40 million of prior year development benefiting the P&L in 2023. But we still think we'll grow housing even though we've got to grow through that $40 million of PYD before we generate $1 of growth, we still think we'll grow Housing because of the momentum that we see and all the great work done by the team.  So that's what we're trying to signal. Obviously, we'll get into the detailed forecast as we come back in February, but we do feel good about how we're positioned, right? Housing obviously is going to moderate, but we've got great trend lines sitting behind us and great momentum. And then as we saw in Lifestyle in the third quarter, although we've got challenges we're working through on the auto side, overall, we're exactly where we thought we would be. We're still signaling down modestly for the year. We are signaling growth in 2024 for Lifestyle, and we'll come back with more details, but certainly driven by the strength of the U.S. Connected Living business, which has been growing nicely for 7 or 8 years.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think we're seeing maybe early signs of modest improvement there. I'd say it's probably too early to call it, Grace. But definitely, when we look at Renters, really strong performance, and we've signaled this over the last few years in the property management channel.  So certainly diversifying our portfolio between affinity and property management, and we actually grew our PMC in the third quarter this year more than we grew it all of 2022. So the team has done an incredible job adding clients, driving attach and leveraging our Cover360 platform.  And then to your point, should we start to see an acceleration in marketing relative to auto insurers, then that could certainly provide upside opportunity over time? I'd say it's too early to suggest that we're seeing firm trends, but definitely feel like there's opportunity there as we look forward and certainly in '24.  Okay. I think that was the last question. So thank you, everybody, for joining the call. We'll certainly look forward to reconnecting in February. And as always, if you have questions, please reach out to Suzanne or Sean, and we'll get back in touch. Thanks so much.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, sure. Yes, that's exact. And I guess I would add, by the way, good morning Jeff, what I would add is that if you just look at the premium component that Keith just talked about, think about it generally as being 1/3 for each of the components that we've just discussed. It's the increase in rates, average insured values and inflation guard. That's sort of the way to look at it.  And the other thing, too, that I would mention is you see -- you heard Keith talk about how much drops to the bottom line. I think that's also a credit to the expense discipline that we've had and the leverage we're getting, and you can see that coming out in the expense ratios that the growth in the premiums and the leverage that we have in the business is really allowing us to increase the bottom line.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I think that's exactly right. And in our prepared remarks, we basically talked about it will take some time. The claims adjudication work we're doing and the teams are doing a fantastic job, that's helping us today bend the curve a little bit. We've been able to get rate, which is fantastic. But it's going to take time because we've sold what we've sold in the past, and that's going to run through and then the new rates and the new premiums we're getting, that will come through and help us bend the curve as we go in the future, but it will take some time.
Richard Dziadzio: I'd also just -- that's exactly right. Now I'd just add to that, too, is one of the other areas we've been getting some real estate efficiency, if I can put it that way, is on our corporate real estate.  We have been either downsizing some of our offices or eliminating some of the offices. And that helps us from an expense base to that overall corporate expense that we have. So that's another area that we've gotten some pretty good efficiency in, John.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Thanks, Keith. Yes, in terms of the reinsurance, it's a little bit early days to talk to specifically about it, but I think you hit it on the head in the question. The market has stabilized in terms of processing pricing, it has stabilized versus what it was in the last couple of years, so we're going into better market conditions.  I would say we'll have a consistent approach that we've had in the last couple of years when we go into the market. And as Keith said, we're entering the market, I would say, as one of the good guys in terms of we have not gone up into our past our retention levels to the reinsurers this year for the cat reinsurance. So we walk into the meetings, we'll be there in presenting a very favorable position relative to the reinsurers, where they ended up in 2023.
Richard Dziadzio: And just another addition on Housing. We will have something like $40 million of PYD going into next year. So obviously, can't count on that in the future years. So that's something we're going to need to overcome. And as Keith said, it's just a fantastic year we're having in Housing. And kind of the way I look at it, an we look at it inside is we look at it a multiyear journey. So really looking at -- last year was a bit of a tougher year. We turned the corner really quickly in terms of the uniqueness of our business, and we've talked about the inflation guard and the rates and the expense leverage that we're getting. So we are expecting it to be continued rate but at a slower pace. But again, it can -- it's not going to be like this year, it's going to be slower given all the elements that Keith and I have mentioned.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Thanks, Tommy. And in fact, yields and interest rates have been a nice tailwind for us. It's helping us offset some of the inflationary issues that we've talked about, particularly in Auto, for example. So if you look at year-to-year, our investment income is up about 50% or $40 million.  So a really nice number coming through. I would say, in answer to your question, that's probably think about it being maybe 1/3 Housing, 2/3 Lifestyle and in Lifestyle, the bigger component of it is in Auto. What you're seeing in this quarter is really the result of 2 things, and I've talked about it in past earnings calls, it's really -- it's coming from fixed income and fixed income yields.  Our assets are up a little bit, but yields are up as that -- as those fixed income maturities roll over and we get more investment income on those, but also cash yields are really high, as you know. Who knows what's going to -- what the Fed is going to do next year. But for the moment, we're getting nice -- real high returns off the cash that we're holding. So nice sort of tailwinds to us, and that should continue as long as rates and so forth hold up. But if rates start coming down, I would say inflation is probably coming down. So we'll get some offset there, hopefully, as well.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. I think that, I guess, I would also say that, Grace, when we look at the combined operating ratio, something we keep our eye on. So really a combination of everything we're getting. We've talked about the top line growth, and that would be tapering the expense ratio, we're in a good place with that.  I think that could continue, maybe not as low as it is now because we'll always have -- maybe some -- have some investments and so forth. But we're in a good place there. The loss ratio think about 40%, 42% maybe full year, that kind of thing. But even then, it's going to depend on what weather we're going to get. What's the severity, what's the frequency, what are the storms, the convective storms that we had in the spring time.  So obviously, that's something that's hard to call. But if we talk about the combined ratio at 86% to 91% with cat, that's probably something that we look to and say, on a normal cat year, we'd probably be in and around that range, if that's helpful.
