Keith Demmings: Yes. No, it's a great question. I think we're really pleased with certainly how Connected Living started the year, largely driven by the strength of the US Connected Living business overall. And we've talked about this in the past, but we've had double-digit growth in Connected Living for probably seven or so years pretty consistently. As I look at the first quarter results domestic Connected Living again was up double-digits, high-single last year. So, I think we feel incredibly well positioned. We did see a little bit of softness in the devices covered count. A little bit of that is in Japan which we've talked about although our margins have been quite stable in that market. A little bit in the prepaid side as well. But the bulk of our US postpaid business, which drives the lion's share of the economics clients are performing incredibly well and feel really well positioned longer term.
Keith Demmings: Yes. It will get updated July 1. It will be a very modest adjustment, roughly 1%. I think last year was a little north of 3%, and then the year before, it was in the low to mid-teens. So fairly normalized level, I think as we look forward this year.
Keith Demmings: Maybe just add a little bit of color as well Brian in terms of the question about ongoing investments. So if I'm thinking about global Connected Living in the first quarter, I'd probably size $5 million of incremental investments in long-term growth in the quarter. We continue to think that will be 2% to 3% impact to the overall growth for the full year. So think about that trend line continuing as we move forward. And then it's just a question of at what pace and urgency do we deploy some of the solutions with not just the clients that we've talked about publicly but a number of clients and prospects that we're actively working on in real time which we'll disclose more on later in the year.
Keith Demmings: Yes. So it's that -- first part of your question it's unchanged. So the clients that we've been monitoring and working on based on the deal structures their profit share type arrangements if losses go over 100% it creates short-term pressure in our P&L and then we look to recover that contractually with rate adjustments. So it isn't more pervasive than it was. But obviously there's a little bit of elevation in terms of the severity around parts and labor costs in the auto sector which I think everyone is seeing. I do feel -- continue to feel real good about our long-term opportunity in auto. Clients are working with us incredibly well. We've taken a number of rate increases over the last 18 months, 20 months. We took more rate adjustments in the first quarter. We'll do more in the second quarter. So really it's about getting this business to the right spot over the long term. We talk about relative stability in the P&L at auto in 2024 and then progressively getting better as we enter 2025.
Keith Demmings: Yeah. And I think in a relatively stable placement rate as we exit the year Tommy, and it may bounce around a little bit. But to Keith's point, policy counts at the end of the year should be higher than where we sit today.
Keith Demmings: Yeah. I think we've done a really good job maintaining overall margins in the trade-in side of the business. You think about the first quarter, obviously devices serviced were down. But as we signaled, margins are quite stable and we're making up some of that with additional volume with new clients as well. So I think we feel really good about how we're positioned. And to your point, the promotional activity was relatively light in the quarter. I think clients were focused on other things within their portfolios, and moving customers to higher tier premium rate plans et cetera and driving upgrades wasn't a huge priority in the market, but we still performed quite well financially. So I think we're well positioned. And the dynamic environment particularly with the big three mobile operators is hard to predict. And obviously, we're well positioned should that activity pick up here in the second quarter and beyond. So it's hard to predict right now Tommy, but I think we feel really well positioned.
Keith Demmings: Wonderful. Well, thanks everybody, and we'll look forward to the next quarter call. And please reach out to the IR team, if you have any questions. Have a great day.
Keith Meier: Yes, sure. I think a good way to think about that Mark as well is, Keith mentioned, 39% non-cat loss ratio. We have an expense ratio of about 38%, combined is 77%. If you add in some cat coverage, you're probably in that mid to high-80s that we talk about on a normal basis. So I think it was pretty well in that line maybe a little bit better than that.
Keith Meier: Yes. So on Bank of America, we've been ramping them up this -- over the last quarter. And so those loans are now being tracked. And then in the second and third quarter those policies should be coming online. And then by the end of the third quarter, we should be fully up and running on Bank of America. So, I think the outlook for Bank of America should be improving as we go through the year. And then with Telstra, we just launched the rest of the program -- the main part of the program earlier this month. And so we went through a lot of investment there. There's still more to come for Telstra, but we're in a really good place getting Telstra launched in terms of the main part of the program.
Keith Meier: Yeah, sure. So well, I guess first of all, we're really pleased with the outcome of moving to the single placement. It's really simplified the program. I think it was well received by the reinsurers. We mentioned that the cost of the program was down year-over-year. So we're expecting it to be approximately $190 million this year versus $207 million from last year. And overall, our per event retention stayed at one in five probable maximum loss. So that was up from $125 million. The top end of the program we actually increased from $1.4 million to $1.63 million. So moving it from 1-in-225-year to 1-in-265 year event. So a lot of good protection and lower cost. So I think overall, moving the program to the 04/01 placement date was I think a very favorable move for us. And then also, just in general in terms of the rates, the rates were favorable online given the reinsurance market. And I think that was a reflection of the quality of our book and our overall performance.
