Alan Colberg: Yeah. No, Mark, thank you for the question. I’d start by saying we’re very proud to be T-Mobile’s partner for the past decade and assisting them in their journey to be the Un-carrier. As they migrate the stores over, the legacy Sprint stores, which they started last weekend, we will be offering our device protection program to all of the legacy Sprint customers as they come into a store. So that’s very positive. It is only go forward though, which is typical in our markets. So we’re starting with zero former Sprint customers. It will take time to grow that book of business, although obviously, it’s a very positive long-term thing. And we’re going to be investing as the program starts ramping over the next month or two, or quarters or so. But, again, very positive and we’re really proud of the partnership we’ve built with T-Mobile.
Alan Colberg: I think it would just be what we normally see, which is over a cycle, call it, somewhere around three to four years is when people come into the store to turn in their handset, get a new handset or purchase a new one. So, it’s similar to the other programs we’ve launched in the last couple of years. We would expect it to grow and build over the next 3-plus years.
Alan Colberg: Yeah. If I step back a little farther and talk about broadly the impacts from COVID on mobile, what we’ve seen over the last quarter or so is lower trade-in volumes, really as stores were closed and there was disruption in the marketplace. We were fortunate that that was offset by higher margins as we went through the quarter. But we definitely have seen lower trade-in volumes. Although, that’s now recovered as we head into June and July, things have really returned more back to pre-COVID. If you look at our subscriber count, we feel great about where we are. Our installed base is 53 million. We continue to grow in the U.S. and Japan, which are our critical markets. We did see pressure in Latin America, which is really the most disrupted region globally in terms of new sales. But overall, it’s really a large recurring revenue base that really sets us up well for the future.
Alan Colberg: What I look at is, you can see publicly how many subscribers Sprint has, and you can assume over the next 3 years, we’ll pick up those subscribers. So that’s how I think about it. But other than that, we generally don’t talk about client specifics, but it is a very positive development for our mobile franchise.
Alan Colberg: Yeah. That’s typically the case is, we have the upfront costs for things like integrating technology for regulatory filings, for marketing, for training. So we’re in the middle of starting to invest those costs right now. So it certainly is a bit of a drag in the short-term, but a very positive long-term.
Alan Colberg: Yes, the investments, right, because we start again, as I mentioned earlier, we start with no subscribers from legacy Sprint, but it will build over time as we go through the next few years.
Alan Colberg: Yeah. So a couple of thoughts on that. So we want to be clear, we don’t expect to benefit in LPI this year. If you look at what’s going on with mortgage forbearance, we’re actually – it’s a bit of a COVID-19 headwind. We’re seeing a lower REO volumes and that’s impacting 2020’s outlook. But if you look broadly at the housing market, we are starting to see delinquencies begin to creep up, and obviously our product is an important product that protects both the consumer and the banks and we’re well positioned if the housing market does weaken for a growth there in 2021 and beyond.
Alan Colberg: Yeah. What I would say is, we’re monitoring what’s happening there. There is always a lag in our placement, but we’re well positioned and it’s just hard to predict whether those delinquencies will translate into our product in place or not just given what’s going on currently in the market. But, I mean, we do feel well positioned and we do anticipate there’ll be up [Technical Difficulty].
Alan Colberg: Yeah. So as it’s been talked about previously, it’s common knowledge that that RFP is in the market, which is the first time that we’ve ever had a chance in the last decade to participate in that business. And we’ll see what happens over time, but we do believe we have the industry leading capability in the market. We’ve been investing heavily in our technology, we offer a superior client and consumer experience. So we’ll see what happens. But we feel well positioned for any piece of business that comes into the market.
Alan Colberg: Yeah. So I think the starting point is, our business is really driven by our installed base, and that large installed base have nearly 300 million customers, over 300 million customers is there. We have a very resilient business and what we’ve seen even in July, for example, if you go through the various sectors, auto new sales of our product in July were back at or above pre-COVID levels, even as there is disruption in the U.S. marketplace. If you look at mobile, we mentioned that trading activity in July was back what we expected earlier in the year. Multifamily, we were impacted early by COVID, clearly, but as we’ve gotten into July, we began seeing the new sales rebound and be back to what we expected to see. So pretty much across the board. The exception is probably Preneed. Our Preneed new sales are still lagging 10% to 15% below where they were same year pre-COVID. But our business is strong and really driven by that installed base. And so the other important point I’d make is, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, we still expect to grow second half of 2019 – sorry, second half of 2020 versus second half of 2019, despite some of the uncertainty and headwinds from COVID-19. So we’ll certainly continue to monitor it, but we feel good about the business trends we’re seeing in our portfolio.
Alan Colberg: Yeah. So just to clarify on that comment, what we were referring to there is in the first quarter, we had some disruption in our ability to sell phones into Hong Kong and China. This goes back to January and February. That normalized in February. And as the virus migrated from East to West, we’ve not seen any further disruptions in Asia Pacific. If you look around the world, the market that’s been most disrupted broadly is Latin America. And we’ve seen a greater impact on new sales in that geography than anywhere else in the world. We are seeing a little bit lower claims than expected in places like Europe. Again, probably a reflection of the shutdown, but we’re starting to see that normalize as we head into Q3. So at this point, we see things trending kind of back to normal, both on new sales, as well as on claims.
Alan Colberg: Yeah. We were clearly impacted back in the second half of March and April as people just didn’t move, but that has rebounded and our sales are pretty much back to what we expect this for in July. So we were off track, but pretty much back on track now. And if I really step back on our multifamily business, we’re really proud of the franchise we’ve built. We now have 2.3 million policyholders. We’re profitable. We’ve been growing that franchise rapidly. Over the last few years, we’ve outgrown the market, even as different competitors have entered. And it’s really driven by our strong diverse distribution with both property management companies, as well as our affinity partners. It’s driven by our ongoing investments in digital and CX, which helps us sustain a really competitive, attractive product for consumers. And then we’ve got a lot of potential over time with our point of lease product, which has gone slowly this year just as landlords have been disrupted with COVID-19. But over time, we expect penetration to grow as we rollout our point of lease, which really provides a seamless kind of consumer experience as they move into a property.
Alan Colberg: Gary, it’s a very fair question. We do always look at a multi-year period, because over time, short-term fluctuations might impact any given year. But if you look at net operating earnings growth, so this is ex-cat, not EPS but earnings, we grew earnings 11% last year. If you look at the midpoint of our new outlook, we’re looking at least 12% earnings growth this year. So we’re ahead, both in 2019 and 2020 versus our long-term. So as we think about 2021, I would say a few things. We have a strong track record of profitable growth. I think we’ve demonstrated that we have a resilient business model that’s been proven to be able to navigate the pandemic. We have strong cash flow generation. And we still expect to grow in 2021. It’s obviously, very early, so we haven’t completed all of our planning and modeling for next year, but we are ahead. And so we may grow a little slower next year than we might have originally thought just because we’ve grown more rapidly in 2019 and 2020. But we remain confident that we will continue to grow earnings over time in next year, really driven off of our installed base of customers, some of the new programs that we’ve just won and we just announced, for example, the Sprint, T-Mobile. And just we continue to expand our offerings. The purchase of Alegre in Australia is another example, which really allows us to strengthen our repair and logistics capability, not only in Australia, but in Asia Pacific. So, we’ll provide an update later, but we feel good about the long-term profitable growth of our company.
Alan Colberg: Yeah, Richard. Yeah, what I’d also add is, if you look at car sales, car sales are still down a little bit, but our volumes have more than recovered, which is what we normally see in economic downturns, dealers work harder to place our products when they’re having fewer car sales and we’re definitely seeing that in June/July.
Alan Colberg: We spend a lot of time looking at our markets, and potential new entrants and changes in the marketplace. And what I would say is, over the last couple of years, even as new entrants have come in, we have continued to outgrow the market and gain market share. And it’s really a function of our strengthen in distribution, as well as the investments we’ve made and continue to make in digital and CX. So, we feel good about our position and we expect continued growth in multifamily regardless of who is entering the market.
Alan Colberg: Yeah, without commenting on a specific client, because we normally don’t do that. If you look at the U.S., the average penetration now for our product is, call it, roughly high 40%s, high 40%s. So you could assume something like that over time for new clients as well.
Alan Colberg: I couldn’t really speculate on what Allstate might do. What I would say is we are in a very good position, right? So we mentioned on the prepared remarks that over the last year or so, we’ve renewed 80%-plus of our tracked loans. That was in part as we’re rolling out our new technology, which is a real differentiator. We wanted to work with our clients to make sure our business was solid and in place. So, I think our track record speaks for itself. And we feel like we have a strong and compelling proposition, no matter who we’re competing against.
Alan Colberg: All right. I think that’s it for questions. So I want to thank everyone for participating in today’s call. In summary, we had a strong second quarter and a strong first half of the year. We will continue to monitor trends with the global market related to COVID-19. But we believe we are well positioned to deliver on our strategy and financial objectives, both in 2020 and beyond. We’ll update you on our progress on our third quarter earnings call in November. In the meantime, please reach out to either Suzanne Shepherd or Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah. Thank you. Just a few things, Mark. Good question. I think part of it, obviously, people are staying home, and so COVID, I think in some respect helped us during this period, as they’re watching their houses a little more closely. As Alan said, really the AI initiatives, the claims initiatives that we have really help us with efficiency and just staying on top of claims much better and processing them better. I’d also say that the underwriting has improved. Last year, we talked about small commercial and some losses we had there. We got out of that business, so that’s a plus for us. That won’t come back. And also within our specialty area, we’ve looked at, we talked about a single contract with a client that we changed significantly. So, all of these things will bode well for us in the future.
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah. So, yeah, the $275 million, that’s the contract change that we had in Lifestyle that you’re referring to, that’s an annualized impact that we’ll have. And if you think about it before we were actually buying in the units and then selling them out, so we had kind of the gross amount going through the fee income, net amounts going through cost of goods sold. Now, we’re more administrating that business. So you will see those 2 lines go down, the income line, but also cost of goods sold, the SG&A line that we showed in the supplement, will go down as well. And then, I guess, everything that we pointed out in our prepared remarks, as we think it’s a really good move for us, it provides more stability in terms of that trade-in business, it takes some of the pricing risk out from us. So, all-in-all, we’re really pleased with it, but we did want to set up to the market that revenues will go down, but we’re not expecting a material bottom line impact on that.
Richard Dziadzio: It’s a good question. I mean, what we’re really seeing is a quarter, a dip and primarily from March and April when the dealerships closed down. And as you know, the unearned premium actually earns out over a number of years, call it – think about 3 to 5 years in the future. So the way I think about it, it’s a small thing. I think you used the word echo maybe. But dealerships, as Alan said, are now opening, our volumes are back. So, I wouldn’t think that going long-term we would see much of an impact, if anything from just this blip in the last couple of months there, March, April.
