Richard S. Dziadzio: Sure and good morning, Michael. Yeah, to peel it back a little bit and really to go over what I just mentioned in my remarks, if we look year-to-year, Q3 to Q3, we're down about $9 million. If you take off the previous year tax, that leaves us to about $6 million. And within that, as Alan said, we were down about $3 million, let's say, for repair and logistics. And again, this is – we were just touching fewer phones, fewer trade-ins of those phones. In addition to that, as I mentioned, there were some higher IT expenses. I mean, we are investing in capabilities. We are becoming more agile. We're looking longer term with the business and trying to become more variable, have more variable expenses. So that was one part of it. There's also increased expenses from our legacy business or continued expenses, I guess I should say, from our legacy business, which was offset a little bit from some real estate JV income.
Richard S. Dziadzio: As we said, it is a small block relative to the total blocks. Even though the penetration rate will be lower on this new piece, we still are looking at the longer term between 1.8% and 2.1%.
Richard S. Dziadzio: Yeah. Hi Jimmy. It's Richard Dziadzio. Yeah. Thanks for the question. Really the reason is when we look at the stock price, we're actually looking more at the intrinsic value of the company, not the daily stock price. And also, when we are out in the market buying, we are using our 10b5-1. So, we're out in the market (33:19) at least in the last quarter consistently.
Richard S. Dziadzio: Hi, Mark – Hi, Gary. It's Richard Dziadzio. Not really. Not really. I mean, it's a new program under warranty. So, no. It was a recall. So, no impact on...
Alan B. Colberg: Michael, I think there's several questions in there. So, let me try to hit them and if I miss anything, please follow up with me. First of all, if I step back and look at churn overall, we're in the middle, as we've talked about, of a multi-year transformation to really reposition this company, addressing the lender-placed normalization and putting us very focused on growth markets and growth opportunities in Housing and Lifestyle. And if you look at 2016, I think a lot of forward progress on that. We've largely completed the repositioning of the portfolio with benefits closed and most of those proceeds now up to the holding company, to help wind down more now complete than not. And the other critical thing we did this year was to realign our organization, which will create the opportunity to really take out effectiveness or improve effectiveness and improve our cost structure over time. If you think about mobile specifically, one of the ways we've been gaining share and we've been gaining share now for multiple years, if you look at this business, it is dramatically bigger and stronger today than it was three years ago. The way we've gained that share is investing in capabilities. So, that's kind of ongoing. This quarter, we had a little bit more than we expected. We made some decisions to continue to invest in technology around things like automating some of our processes, trying to better align our cost structure with some of those variabilities in volumes. And so, again on 2017, we'll provide outlook for 2017 in February, as we always do with our fourth quarter earnings. But at a high level, that's how I think about what's going on.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. Really a few things. But let me start with just a comment broadly. As we think about our business and build it over the long term, we do have some quarter-to-quarter variability just naturally with the size of our client programs and some of the businesses we operate in. But really three things were a little bit different than we had expected as we went into the back half of the year in the third quarter. We got good growth out of the new programs that we've announced over the last year or so, but a little bit less than we expected. And that was the shift that began to develop and play out in the third quarter. The IT expenses, really choices we made. As we looked at our spending, we made some decisions to invest more in certain areas because we saw opportunities to deepen and expand capabilities, we think, positions us for the long term. That was a choice we made in the quarter. And then we were a little bit surprised that the whole industry was on the decline in trading activity in the third quarter. That could be just a function of people waiting for the new phones to come out, some of the noise in the market around some of the introductions that happened in August and September. But fundamentally, if we take a long-term view on this business, if you think about – I'm going to talk about Solutions now, we put out in 2013 a goal that we can grow net operating income on average 10% per year in that business, not linear. And we reaffirmed that in 2015. Certainly, since 2013, we've more than achieved that goal. Obviously, in 2016, we're disappointed with what we are, but it doesn't change our longer-term outlook that we have had great momentum in this business. We continue to invest and we feel very well positioned for continued growth in Solutions and in mobile.
Alan B. Colberg: So, we put out that 10% originally in 2013; we reaffirmed it in 2015. So, I think as you think about the long term for this company out to 2020, think of it off of 2015.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. And as we add programs, that will cause step-function changes in our performance. But again, quarter-to-quarter, you get some variability.
Alan B. Colberg: And then, John, just on lender-placed, the normalization, as we've been saying, we expect to continue through 2017.
Alan B. Colberg: And getting more towards the long-term run rate in 2018. The positive of adding these loans is it's just another market validation of how our clients view our compliance, our customer service, the quality of our operating model, but it doesn't change our view on the normalization. We've got another year or so to work through in 2017.
Alan B. Colberg: So, as we think about it, and I've said this in prior quarters, we now think the rate filings are normal course. We've worked through that process with all of our states. We're on a regular basis, we re-file in many states annually. And I think it's just normal course based on experience, based on market factors in those states. Really, the bigger driver of the normalization is the reset of the placement rate gradually to the long-term average.
Alan B. Colberg: No, Seth, it should not. We anticipate that as we think about the capital, we're going to be able to take out of that business.
Alan B. Colberg: So, the way to think about this is the things that happened in the third quarter, some of those persist into the fourth quarter, like the new programs still ramping, but they were behind where we thought they were going to be. And although they're improving, they're still behind where we thought they were going to be and we continued to make investments. It doesn't change our longer-term view, but as we've thought about this year, that's why we've revised the outlook for this year.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah, Jimmy, the important point there is we continue to believe our stock is attractively priced. And as Richard said, the way we buy back our stock generally is through 10b5-1 programs we file in advance and they run and we can't really amend those easily...
Alan B. Colberg: So, on mortgage solutions, what we're encouraged by is our thesis is playing out. Our thesis was that we had unique advantage to opportunities, leveraging our partnerships with mortgage companies. And that's played out well. And you've seen the very strong organic growth we've had so far. We see no reason why that can't continue. Our market shares are still very modest. We're focused on really now translating that growth in the top line, which we think is going to continue to bottom line. And we've said we think we can get to 15% to 20% pre-tax margins long term over not only mortgage solutions, but all the capital-light fee income businesses in Property. But no, we're encouraged by the growth in that business. Just as an aside, we just hired a leader to come in and integrate those businesses together. We've now acquired four different companies and really allow us to continue the momentum there.
Alan B. Colberg: The answer is some of everything you said. So, some of the new programs are truly new to the market. So we work with a partner to try to estimate what we think the penetration rates will be, the take-up rates. But when they're new to the market, everybody's trying to make their best estimate. Some of them are new programs with existing customers, that's easier for us and them to predict, but that's part of a – if you looked at the last year, year and a half, we've announced several new programs with new customers. Those are the ones where it's hardest for them and for us to predict what's going to happen.
Alan B. Colberg: Something we're working on. I mentioned briefly earlier that as we think about the business, for example, like repair and logistics which can have big swings in volume up and down in a quarter, we are working to better align our cost structure with that. A lot of the automation we've been doing and investing in is to create a better alignment there.
Alan B. Colberg: No, it's too early for us to provide any outlook on the fourth quarter other than what we said for the full year of 2016.
Alan B. Colberg: So, Mark, the way I think about this, we're early in those businesses. We've now been in them for two years to three years. If you compare to a quarter a year ago, we were at about 15%, I think is what we had at that quarter, maybe a little more. And so as we build this business out, we're getting some fluctuation, but it doesn't change our long-term view of 15% to 20% pre-tax margin.
Alan B. Colberg: So, first of all, that voluntary flood business is very small. We think of it as the pilot. And really, what we're trying to do there is thinking about a couple things. So, we have a very strong position in flood, right? We're the number two administrator in the NFIP program. For our clients and mortgage, we do a lot of lender-placed flood. And we've been experimenting with gaps in the coverage of the NFIP program, a potential evolution of the NFIP program. So, think of it as just a pilot for us to learn more about how the flood market might evolve, how consumers might react. We view flood though as an important business for us and we just want to make sure we remain one of the market leaders as it evolves. But it's very small, that voluntary flood business right now.
Alan B. Colberg: We have lots of information from various sources, from our lender-placed business, from the flood maps that are out there. We work with multiple third-party providers on flood and flood risk. All of that goes into our thinking. And then we have a history, a long history of our own data to use.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. Under manufacturer warranty, just to be clear, right? So, that's why the risk there was of the partner, not us.
Alan B. Colberg: Well, everyone, thank you for participating in today's call. We look forward to updating you in February on our progress. And as always, you can reach out to Suzanne Shepherd with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Gary Kent Ransom: Good morning. I had a question on flood insurance. I know you have a lender-placed business. You have the NFIP administration.
Gary Kent Ransom: But you also have a small start-up voluntary flood business. And I just wondered if you could go over how that fits in and what your overall strategy for flood generally is over the next few years.
Gary Kent Ransom: Well, that's why I was thinking maybe indirect because they're not coming anywhere other than the manufacturer, but that's fine if you don't think it had an impact.
