Richard Dziadzio: Yes, thank you, Alan. Kai, I just mentioned that, yes, as Alan said, the $9.4 million. I would also point out 2 items we highlighted in our conversation in a minute ago. One, it includes $1 million of synergies. We expect it to ramp up to $10 million going through the P&L for the end of the year. And then secondly, on the P GAAP adjustment, $1 million ran through that. In June, we would expect $7 million throughout the rest of the year. So those 2 small adjustments to factor into your analysis.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. So a couple of things going on. First of all, as you think about the TWG contributions, you also need to add in the interest expense and the preferred dividends. But to go back to the start of your question, and we feel very good about the first half of the year and we don't see any change in our full year outlook for legacy Assurant, which is the guidance we'd originally given. The biggest factor in the second half of the year that will be a negative relative to the first half is spending some of those tax reform savings. We spent a little bit in the first half of the year. We're going to spend the balance of it in the second half of the year, and that's the majority of it. And those are really pulling forward critical technology and capability investments that help us really differentiate and innovate product offerings. But no change in how we feel about the underlying business, and we feel very good about the early days of integrating TWG.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, John, well, I think the way to look at it is when we gave the indication for the full year in terms of -- or what we've brought up to date, I would say, $296 million, about $86 million of that was linked to the DTL. Another $12 million, we brought up as well. So if you take that back, it gives you about $200 million that we brought up from the operating entities. And basically what we're saying is, we think we're -- we should be in a good position to bring up the operating earnings for the full year for those entities. So if you look at our guidance with the 20% to 25% increase and take out what we've brought up to date, we should be in that kind of zone. Same thing with TWG in terms of what we're expecting from their operating earnings, we should be able to bring those up as well.
Richard Dziadzio: Total intangible, we'll have that in the Q. I don't have that right with me at the moment because that would include all the intangibles of previous acquisitions and so forth that are running through.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I'll take that. Thanks for the question, Jimmy. I would say you're right in the first part of your question, which is yes. When we were looking at the final purchase price and the reference rate in terms of the purchase and the stock we were going to issue to TPG, we took into account sort of a conservative left view on that. So the caller did help us when we -- the stock price came up very nicely at close. So that's one factor that came to us saying we can go back and start buying back again. I would say, overall, though, we just found ourselves in a very strong financial position, and so it was one of the elements. It wasn't the total element in our decision to go and start buying back. Go -- as Alan said a few moments ago, just it's hard to then extrapolate for the rest of the year as we go through and look at our performance and get through cat season, we'll go and reassess that and then come back next quarter and update you.
Richard Dziadzio: Chris, it's Richard. I think it's really a question of the footprint we have versus where the storms happened, and we show in our supplements the distribution of our footprint in the lender-placed area. So if you look at that, you'll see kind of we've -- during the first part of the year, we just weren't in those spots.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, John. It's Richard. Essentially, what we've said to the market is -- and this was sort of last year, still holds true, is that we would be reinvesting approximately 1/3 of the tax savings we benefited from the change in tax reform. And think about that as ramping up in the first half of the year as we identified projects started to invest, and what we're really saying is that 1/3 will flow through over the next couple of quarters and will be in place through the end of the year. Q2 had only about Q2 had about $1 million or so in it, so very small portion of the overall.
Richard Dziadzio: No, exactly the first point, it's 1/3 of the total amount that will come through in the second half of the year.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Yes, essentially, what we've said is, we're ramping up the synergies given that we just closed at the end of May. Those synergies will be coming through the P&L through the course of the year. So we have -- we've captured about $1 million in the June period. Through the end of the year, not Q3, but through the end of the year, about $10 million will come through our P&L.
Richard Dziadzio: After tax. Now if you think about that for $10 million to come through, we'll have put in place a run rate much more than that. So what we're saying there is that will be equivalent to really half or about $30 million, which would come through if we stop right there the next -- the rest of the year. Obviously, we'll just keep going and capture more synergies running up to the $60 million target.
Alan Colberg: Yes, so you raised a good point. So most of our current revenue and earnings are coming from contracts that were written previously. So if I think about rising tariffs, it could impact new sales, for example, in mobile, but that would probably drive up the value of used phones. And so when I look at mobile, we don't think it as a material impact when you'd look at the [indiscernible] going on. And then in auto, what tends to happen if new car sales get affected, used car sales go up and we play equally on new and used cars. So as we've looked at it, we don't see a material impact on our business. Obviously, if cost go up over time, we can also factor that into our pricing relatively quickly in the service contract business.
Alan Colberg: Yes, what I would say, Kai, is it's not going to -- we don't think it will have a material effect on earnings. Some things may go up, but we also benefit from rising cost on things like our used phone disposition business. And if we did have rising cost, we're able to adjust service contract pricing much more quickly than traditional insurance products. So again, we look at it not a material risk to our business.
Alan Colberg: So I think, and generally, in Connected Living and mobile, we see growth on multiple fronts. So we have good organic growth in our legacy clients as we've added additional services, as the -- as we've talked about in previous calls, gradually, we're seeing rising attachment rates on the core underlying product given the rising cost of phones. Also, TWG did have some mobile business so that's now in the count. And then the new contracts, we -- or new clients we started to serve last year, KDDI and Comcast, that we've mentioned publicly, are performing at or above expectations and going well.
Alan Colberg: John, as you've heard us say, we are committed to appropriately and prudently managing our capital, and that return -- includes a commitment to return excess capital to shareholders. The fact that we started buyback tells you how we feel about our capital position.
Alan Colberg: Yes, Jimmy, I appreciate the question. So our placement rate is really driven by two things. One is the traditional bake in for closure, seriously the link went home, and that's the piece that is countercyclical at the housing market. But equally, we have a large part of our placement that is voluntary where the homeowners choosing to take our product, maybe it's the best available offer, maybe the only available offer. And that piece of our business has actually been growing. One of the benefits of our much more competitive rates over the last 4 or 5 years is we are more competitive. It's just an alternative for the consumer. So the gradual decline in placement rates is really driven by the housing cycle of it. Importantly though, as we go into 2019, we are managing that business and with the expense actions we've been taking that we believe that business can stabilize and have flat earnings roughly next year no matter what happens if the placement rate continues to gradually decline. So we're feeling good, and importantly, that business is countercyclical and we'll grow significantly if we have any issues in the housing market.
Alan Colberg: Yes, Mark, maybe I'll will start with expenses just more broadly. As you recall, we put out a target of $100 million of kind of G&A expense savings gross by 2020. That does not include lender-placed, the project encore. And at this point, we've realized we owe our investors an update on that, but we're about halfway through realizing the $100 million. And you're starting to see that flow through the P&L. If you look at how our margins have grown in Connected Living, in the fee businesses, the housing, a lot of that growth is coming from the various expense initiatives that had been underway. So we recognize we owe full accounting of that in the future, but we feel good about the progress. Specifically, the lender-placed, which is separate from what I just said, we put out a long-term expense target. We're a little bit above that right now as we're investing in that single platform. But as that continues to roll out over the next year, 1.5 years, we expect we will trend back down. And towards that 42% to 44%, I think it's the long-term expense target we put out for lender-placed.
Alan Colberg: Yes, the macro trend is increasing whole time by consumers of phones. That's been the fact over the last couple of years. Volumes are a little bit better in 2018 than they were in 2017, but it's still a fairly flattish type market. And if you look at new phone shipments, they're up a little, not dramatically. So as we plan for the year, we kind of expect the rest of this year unless there's significant new product introductions. Mobile device volumes will gradually improve, but not like we saw a few years ago.
Alan Colberg: Yes, so a couple of things. So we have the public commitment of $60 million pretax operating synergy run rate by the end of 2019. Think of that as hard cost savings. And what we've said now is we have good line of sight to that, and we're already halfway there on a run-rate basis, two months in. So we feel good about that. The other two I mentioned, were revenue synergies where TWG, for example, have infrastructure in a company -- in a country, but doesn't necessarily have access to clients. We have the client relationships, but don't have that particular capability. We have a long list of specific opportunities that are in development with clients right now. Now most of those won't hit 2018. Those will be things that could begin to benefit 2019 and 2020, but they're not in the deal model. We assumed 0 in the deal model. The other one I mentioned, is just claims cost around autos. If you think about controlling now 47 million vehicle contracts globally and growing, we are one of the largest single distributors of repairs in the market. And how do we then leverage our scale, contracts, get better pricing? That's a significant upside over time for us as well. Again, the deal model assumes 0 for that.
Alan Colberg: No, we have to work through contracts. It will take time. It won't affect 2018, but it's a significant upside in 2019 and beyond. Once we have confidence, we'll obviously share that with our shareholders.
Alan Colberg: So a couple of thoughts. First of all, mortgage solutions was not material to our company, but it became -- as we realized there wasn't a good path to market leadership, it became more of a distraction for our team and for the housing team. We have a lot of promising opportunities that I'd rather have us invest resources on, and so that was really behind the decision that there's a better owner who will do a better job with that than we could. But the way to think about it, not material to our company, not material to our outlook for this year.
Alan Colberg: I think one of the things that we're exciting to us about The Warranty Group deal are some of the longer macro trends in automotive that create real opportunity for future growth. One example is electric, and obviously it's early days still for the adoption of electric cars. But if you think about an electric car from a consumer point of view, there's less that can go wrong, but when it goes wrong, it's really expensive. Our hypothesis to be proven is that, that will drive up attachment over time of service contracts. That's a significant opportunity. And one of the reasons why we're really intrigued by The Warranty Group, they're doing this heavily end markets like China that are ahead of the U.S. in kind of electric car technology today. Another major trend is autonomous vehicles and ridesharing, and again, that creates real opportunities. Cars may be owned differently, and that could change. But every time there's an owner, there's an opportunity when that car sells to attach a service contract. So in the short term, we haven't seen a lot of changes in attachment rate across the vehicle business. But longer term, we feel extremely well positioned compared to competitors to respond to some of these real long-term changes in the way cars are going to be owned and operated.
Alan Colberg: Yes. So Gary, let me make sure I didn't cause any confusion. No, things are not slowing down in mobile. You saw in the quarter, we added not just the new contracts from The Warranty Group, but we had significant growth in mobile. The part that's been relatively flattish the last few years are device trade-in volumes. We haven't had in the last 2, third and fourth quarters, the big seasonal spike up that we used to have. But with that said, volumes are gradually rising just because the market is gradually growing. And opportunities growth is consumers hold the phone longer. With what we've done in some of the markets, we're now doing effectively extended warranties on phones, which go beyond the underlying manufacturer warranty. That's what we've always done in autos. Never been done in phones before at least by us, and it's creating a new growth opportunity for us in mobile. So no, we don't see anything that would cause us to say mobile's slowing down. There's a lot of opportunities, and our growth remains strong.
Alan Colberg: Got it? You can look at it and then do the math, but it's in the order of magnitude of $20-or-so million pretax.
Alan Colberg: Yes. No, that's the right way to think about it, John. So $10 million after tax hitting this year's P&L. If we stop, as Richard said, and we didn't do anything else ever again, we're now at a run rate of $30 million pretax. That's what will show up in '19 if we didn't do anything else. Obviously, we're going to do a lot more, and we'll -- we are committed to our $60 million pretax target, but significant positive into 2019 P&L.
Alan Colberg: Yes. So without talking about specific clients, which we generally don't do, our experience over the years has been a almost complete rotation from traditional big-box retailing, which had relatively high attachment rates to now almost everything is digital, whether it's with e-commerce partners or even the traditional legacy retailers, a lot of that has become digital. Attachment rates started lower in the digital world. We've been, over the years, getting much better at doing attachment on digital, and they're not yet at the same level as the historic big-box was, but it's a lot closer. And it is more profitable business in the sense of you don't have the same intermediaries that are involved. We have more -- it's a better consumer experience because we have more direct control over the consumer experience. So it's a trend that we've been investing against for years, and it made a lot of progress on.
Alan Colberg: Hard to answer that quickly because our embedded contracts, many of them last for years from the prior business. But most of our new sales, they're digital contracts.
Alan Colberg: Yes. So regarding TPG, we obviously don't have any insight into what their plans are. We do know they're economically rational and they're going to be motivated if they decide to sell, which they may or may not. They'll be economically rational. We're exploring options where we could help meaningfully manage that if they decided to sell, but we have nothing at this point that we can say on it.  All right. Well, thank you everyone for participating in today's call. We're pleased with our results so far this year, and we look forward to updating you on our progress on our third quarter earnings call in November. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd or Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
