Alan B. Colberg: So, John, let me start and offer a few perspectives and then Chris, maybe you can go a little deeper, if appropriate. The way we think about the quarter, first of all, for Property is pretty much as expected given the normalization in the lender-placed it's ongoing. We've talked about the progress we've been making transforming that platform and investing to really create the best platform and the best offering in the industry, and we see that progressing well and we still are confident that that insurance expense ratio longer term will be in the mid-40s as we've said previously. On the legal cost, these are related to the multi-state and outstanding litigation, ongoing matters, we continue to cooperate. And at the moment, we feel appropriately reserved for everything we know on those matters. But that's how I think about where we are with lender-placed.
Alan B. Colberg: Right. No, John, I understand. We tend to not focus on the quarter-to-quarter, we focus much more on the long-term and where this business is going. If we think about 2016, what we've said is, we expect earnings growth in Solutions in 2016, that's going to be more in the second half of the year than the first half of the year. The first half of the year, we still have the ongoing impact of the tablet program that we've talked about. But by the time we get into the second half of the year, some of the new launches that we've been investing in, expenses to support really become to fruition and we expect improvement in international as well as some other expense initiatives. I think the important thing about this business is, we're feeling very good about the long-term direction and the growth, if you look at it over the last few years, has been dramatic in Solutions.
Alan B. Colberg: And Jimmy, the other important point there is, it's not linear quarter-to-quarter. What we're really focused on is making sure we have an operating model that can continue to deliver great consumer and client experience but that ultimately delivers that insurance expense ratio in the mid-40s. And as Chris said, we do expect significant savings in 2016, which will help offset some of the normalization of lender-placed.
Alan B. Colberg: So let me start on that and then Chris can talk in a little more detail on benefits specifically. I mean our approach to capital management remains the same as it's been now for many years, which is we're committed to this disciplined return of capital to shareholders through the dividend and the buyback as well as appropriate investments in our ongoing businesses either through organic or through M&A. With that said, Chris, do you want to comment more specifically on (28:25) and the timing.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah and we mentioned this in the prepared remarks as well but the January claims experience on the 2015 policies, developed as we expected as well. So I think the good news is the last three months or four months, things in health have been performing as we have now expected.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. I wouldn't want to speculate on that, but certainly we've seen in past housing cycles that if the housing market goes into a downturn, our business has benefited.
Alan B. Colberg: So, first thing I would say, we're going to, at our Investor Day, provide more disclosure around the growth areas. So that would be multifamily housing, that would be the mortgage solutions business. In the multifamily housing business, there is market growth as people rent more, we're gaining share as well and I think we've said roughly a 20% growth in that business over time. And then, in mortgage solutions, when we purchased a couple of companies that we acquired back in 2013, 2014, they had about $250 million all-in of revenue, that's now up to $290 million in 2015, and so we had pretty good growth through share gain there as well.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. Let me comment on that. Yeah. One of the challenges when you look at Solutions is you have very different businesses, and there is a major mix shift going on there. What we wanted to with the Investor Day is help all of our investors better understand the lines of business that we have. And so, just a couple things we plan to cover at the March 8, Investor Day, we'll talk about kind of long-term targets, and update those for both the company and then some of the key lines of businesses. We'll provide more disclosure around the key growth areas of the company, and what's really growing for the company are the fee income and capital light businesses like mobile, mortgage solutions, multifamily housing. And then, we'll talk about capital management and how that plays into achieving our long-term targets for the company. So, it's hard to give a meaningful overall number for Solutions. We'll provide more granularity at Investor Day.
Alan B. Colberg: It's more tied to individual carriers and partners, and what they're doing. It's not really seasonal in that way. So, it's hard to generalize that.
Alan B. Colberg: So, we obviously, I won't comment on specific clients, but broadly, these are long sales cycles. You normally get in – get a trial. You need to prove you can deliver and over time, will grow and that's been what's happening. But we're in active discussions with many target clients that we'd like to have in our portfolio.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. The other important point, John, is as the business normalizes, our exposure risk has been coming down significantly. And as Chris said, we then build an adequate reinsurance tower to help mitigate the risk if a cat does occur.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. The other important point I think is, we are with our product, providing a very valuable service to the mortgage industry, and it will have more coastal, it has always had more coastal than a normal book of business.
Alan B. Colberg: Many, many factors go into our thinking about repurchasing our stock. First, is our stock attractive? And we believe it is attractive, and remains attractive. In the fourth quarter, there was a lot of uncertainty around health, and we felt prudent was to hold our capital just in case. We're now feeling much better about how health has developed. And I think what you've seen us doing, and you saw us to do it in January, we were obviously actively back in the market again. And over time, we are committed to that return of capital to shareholders as well as appropriate investments in our core businesses.
Alan B. Colberg: I wouldn't think of it exactly that way. It does tend to be expense heavy that's the nature of that business. That's one of the reasons why you see the noise in those various ratios is that as we grow the fee income businesses, they have a higher component of fee expense relative to the income they generated, but I wouldn't assume that they start high expenses always and get better over time.
Alan B. Colberg: I think it's fair to say in general, we have a small, but growing piece of their business with a lot of opportunity to consolidate a very fragmented set of relationships and markets.
Alan B. Colberg: It's hard to generalize. what I would say is, we've been very consistent on our M&A approach, which is defined kind of smaller deals that naturally fit into what we're doing, and that's where we remain focused in our M&A.
Alan B. Colberg: All right. Well, thank you everyone for participating in today's call. We look forward to hosting our Investor Day on March 8, when our executive team will provide an update on our long-term strategy to reposition the company for profitable growth. As always, you can reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Jisoo Suh with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah, I think in general, so, again work to do on the international side – targeting the 95% combined ratio has been the long-term goal and we're going to continue to focus on increased operational efficiencies in order to achieve that. I think on the domestic side, as we move more to the fee-based model, the concept of a combined ratio probably is less relevant but I think the focus here is long-term growth in NOI. We expect to see growth 2016 versus 2015, largely backend loaded, if you will, as we ramp up some of the new programs that we've been – we've had relationships that we've talked about. And then long-term, on average, a 10% annual growth rate of NOI is still an achievable result.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah. I guess in general, I think perhaps it was slower versus several years ago. But really right now, if you look at the year-over-year that's really in line with our expectations. I think the guidance we've given is longer-term, a 1.8% to 2.1% placement rate. What we will do at Investor Day is provide you an update, in terms of our outlook on the path forward.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, we are absolutely focused on operational efficiencies. We've talked in the past about Project Encore, which was a multi-year program designed to improve the customer service experience and expenses, primarily through technology enhancements. Last year, the run rate savings exceeded the net investment. We're going to continue to invest this year, and then full run rate savings will be achieved in 2017. So, the expectation is it will exit 2016 and move into 2017 with a much more – an appropriate infrastructure and expense base relative to it, keep pace with the decline in the revenue and lender-placed.
Christopher J. Pagano: Sure. So maybe to talk in general about all of the anticipated proceeds this year, both benefits and health, I think so we anticipate the close in the first quarter of the benefits business, those proceeds will arrive at a legal entity, we will request a dividend in the second quarter. And then, some additional ongoing release of capital throughout the balance of the year. On the health side, the focus right now is to honor our obligations to the insurance pay claims, which on the 2015 policies, which will tail off as we move through 2016. We expect receipt of the risk adjuster and reinsurance recovery receivables in the second half and expect to have the lion's share of the $475 million of dividends occur then. So sort of a second quarter and then second half significant amount of proceeds available for deployment.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah. There's no change in our approach to capital management. We look at deploying it through returning it to shareholders as well as investing in the future. We have an ongoing pipeline of M&A really in and around the businesses that we play in, and you've seen the kind of deals that we've announced that are really in the mobile business, in the multifamily housing, and the mortgage solutions. They're really trying to deepen and invest in our core growth areas. We have a decent pipeline of those, but equally we are committed to return of capital.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, I think our focus really when it comes to Solutions is the long-term NOI targets that we talked about, again growth in 2016 versus 2015, 10% average annual growth over the long-term in that business. In terms of Q4, we had some ramp-up costs in anticipation of future program launches and servicing existing program launches. There were some additional costs associated with sourcing and servicing some of the programs that we had in place. I think between the focus on operational efficiencies within Solutions and then some of the transformational work that we've got underway at the enterprise, we expect to create some greater operational efficiencies going forward to help us achieve that 10% NOI growth target.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, I don't think we want to talk about quarter-over-quarter or half-over-half, just as a reminder in the first half, we're going to have again the ongoing impact of the tablet program which we've talked about. There'll be some additional pressures around some of the traditional North American retail business, and the run-off credit business. And then in the second half as some of these programs we've described on the mobile side, start to ramp up and generate increased revenue, that's what we're going to see most of the majority of the NOI growth for the full year.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, a couple things and I'll talk a little bit about the concept of the PDR, and what's in the GAAP PDR versus the stat PDR. The GAAP PDR you can put direct expenses which we have in there. On the stat side, it's a bit more onerous, so we've already prefunded some future severance and some indirect expenses.
Christopher J. Pagano: No, I think we're on track. I think claims experience has been in line with our estimate, the expenses are also in line. I think right now, when I think about the $475 million of dividends. We've got some risk in our estimation around the reinsurance recoverable, and the risk adjuster. We do have some risk potentially in terms of how the 2015 claims emerge over – the majority of which will be over the first half of 2016. But again, better line of sight in every month that goes by where claims are in line with our expectations gives us a greater degree of comfort that we'll exit that business with some significant capital return to the holding company.
Christopher J. Pagano: Well, I think on the legal side, at this point, there are ongoing matters as we mentioned. We can't quantify that, but based on what we know today, we feel appropriately reserved for the legal cost.
Christopher J. Pagano: So in terms of – well again, keep in mind, the rate – there's the absolute expenses versus the ratio. I think, in 2016, I don't want to predict, but the expense saves that are coming from some of the operational efficiency programs that are under way will achieve kind of full run-rate status by the end of 2016 into 2017, that will allow us to get to that longer term 45% insurance expense ratio. In terms of loss ratios, we're seeing better non-cat loss experience, which is – some of it is mild weather related, but some of it is actually related to fire and theft trending lower. So we feel a little bit better about that, but again, keep in mind the ratio is going to be a function of not just the numerator where it should be (36:12) absolute losses, but the decline in the denominator which is the normalization of lender-placed and the lower premiums going forward.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, to answer the first half, I think the primary source of the increased expense was really sourcing phones and parts as opposed to the labor associated with the servicing. In terms of the second question, each program is different. They all start small, we – in the fourth quarter, we talked about preparing for anticipated program launches and existing programs that are going to grow, now that's largely staffing. So that's people, and I think – but I wouldn't want to put a target number on a program, because they each emerge differently.
Christopher J. Pagano: So right now, we're in what I would call a normal course filing process. We have ongoing dialogue with all of our regulators, those filings have varying degrees of frequency. We do have some – we've modeled in, in terms of some of the anticipated revenue declines, some additional rate, which we anticipate. On the other hand, we know that we're providing a valuable product and service in terms of capacity in some of the cat-prone markets. In terms of competition, we wouldn't want to talk about anything in particular, we do feel very good about – it's a competitive market, but we feel very good about our product offering, and continue to believe that our services are appropriate, and it's why we're a market leader.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, maybe just a couple of examples. I'm not sure we can give you specific numbers, but they are reflected, first of all, they're reflected in our target run rate of $70 million, but – so, when benefits is sold and health is wound down, we're still going to have financial reporting costs. We're still going to have asset management costs associated with the other $12 billion of assets that we manage. We're going to absorb those. We did take the decision to freeze the pension plan, was designed to help offset some of those stranded costs, and then, of course, all the transformation work that's under way is also designed to not just absorb stranded overhead that we're going to see coming out of health and benefits, but also to better position the company going forward, to be more agile, but then also more efficient in terms of support functions.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, it's based on pensionable wages, it's roughly half corporate and then, the rest is distributed across Solutions and Specialty Property.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, the capital management decisions and the ongoing capital structure is all part of the decision making. As we deploy the capital either through in share repurchase, dividends or organic and growth through M&A, we'll keep an eye on the debt-to-capital ratio. As a reminder, we went public with a 25% debt-to-cap and been able to stay below that going forward. Any decision that we might make around changing the capital structure would probably be one that we would do in concert with the maturing 2018, $350 million five-year note that matures. But again, this – and then, there are scenarios depending on how earnings volatility emerges and we move more towards the fee-based structure. We may decide that there's a possibility of potentially increasing leverage, but not a focus right now. We've got plenty of deployable capital, no need to go out and borrow more.
Christopher J. Pagano: John, it's very difficult to put a number on, it's variable, I mean, the only thing I will say is that we haven't had a major catastrophe hit Florida in particular and we've been – the light cat years are not going to continue, I mean, the odds don't favor that. So it's something to keep in mind. We do spend a lot of money on catastrophe reinsurance for that very reason. The fact that we've not had claims in terms of our reinsurance tower won't change what we're going to do in terms of purchasing protection because we know that preserving the balance sheet and preserving earnings stream is very important to us going forward.
Christopher J. Pagano: I mean, in general, I guess that's okay, but I mean there's lots of factors that go in here. We have seen some shift in terms of the cat exposure, but it's still coastal, out of the Southeast, but into the Northeast. If you think about the most recent significant event that we had, Superstorm Sandy was a Northeast event. Again – we will make our decisions on reinsurance purchases based upon the information we have in front of us at the time. In terms of rate, rate seems to be bottoming, but as Alan mentioned, our overall exposure is going down, and that's the main driver of lower reinsurance costs.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah, John, this is Chris, and I mean the other thing I would point out is and again we talked about this in the past. We feel very comfortable with our approach to share repurchase. Again, 10b5-1 programs in the market consistently prospective based upon our views around capital inflows and outflows. Alan's point around the conservatism or the prudent approach given the uncertainty around health is I think consistent with how we've done things in the past. And then as you go back and you look, we've bought 56 million shares since 2010 through February 5. So it's unambiguous that we're willing to return the capital and we do think share repurchase has been and will continue to be a prudent use of deployable capital.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah, I think the other thing to remember and I think this is one of the key components of our RF thesis (52:49) around mortgage solutions was fixed cost but gross (52:57) scale and through that achieve operational efficiencies, so there is a fixed variable element, which as we grow these businesses will create a better expense ratio going forward.
