Richard Dziadzio: Yes, good morning, Mark, it's Richard. Yes, I think a couple of things are going on to improve the expense ratio. I mean, I think the first thing is last year obviously as mentioned in our comments we had mortgage solutions that was weighing down a little bit that ratio. I think secondly, there are some good expense initiatives going on in the housing area, that are bringing that down. And third, we have multifamily housing that's continuing to grow as well. So a couple of things there that are all helping expense ratio to be at that level.
Richard Dziadzio: Sure. It's Richard, again. So I see a couple -- it's a great question. I think a couple of things in there. I think, first of all, going back to Investor Day when we look at lifestyle, we're not really as much looking at returns as we are in growth really net income growth in the area. And as you can see we just really had a fantastic first half of the year. So I think that's sort of the first thing I would say. And just in terms of capital, I think, you're exactly right. I mean auto has taken a little more capital than Connected Living, albeit auto is I would consider a bit capital light too given the arrangements that we have and the structures that we're -- that we have. So overall, I think, as we look at Assurant as an enterprise, we are going to a less capital-intensive environment as time goes on. So overall the returns of Assurant should be increasing. We talked about going -- overall ROE going up a couple hundred bps over the next few years.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. So yes, I mean, we did talk about the small commercial product and that's a couple of things it's property and its liability. And as we said in our statements last time and this time it did produced some losses for us and we are exiting the business. So I think we've taken some good actions, management actions to rectify that. In terms of the quantification -- Q2, Q1 we are right around $6 million each quarter I would say in terms of loss added to the bottom line.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. I think there's a couple of things in there again John. Good question. I think as we look at it and as we talked about before I think we have to be very careful in looking at the margin of the lifestyle business because of the -- I would say the differences or nuances in the accounting. For example in Q2 there was a contract change with one client that had no impact really on bottom-line, but more revenues coming on top line. So there's a little bit of noise in the revenue line…
Richard Dziadzio: ….that can skew a little bit of the margin-type issues. And as Alan said earlier, we are looking for the earnings to be lower in the second half of the year, the underwriting results we talked about and the investments we're making, the launches that ended up going into Q1. So all of those things together really -- we really focus on the net income and driving net income growth which obviously we've had a tremendous first half.
Richard Dziadzio: As I said, we are exiting the business. I mean, so really, we're thinking that it'll be substantially over. Can I say zero for next year? No, probably not. But we're not expecting …
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah. I think, in all the businesses we're in we bring something special. And we add a lot of value, we had innovation. And you can see the growth that we have in lifestyle, what we're doing in lender-placed, multifamily housing. The new systems we're rolling out. And even within special property, we're always launching new things to try to create something special, something different. And I think we've come to the conclusion that in this area we just -- we can't do that in the short-term. So we've made the strategic decision to exit.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. No I think when we look at Auto, we're really pleased. I mean as Alan talked about TWG integration I think the synergies and the growth that we're getting behind the scenes. We've talked in previous calls about our ability to retain the clients that came over in the TWG acquisition. So when we look at it we're on a good growth pattern. And we look probably less quarter-to-quarter as over a longer period of time. We are investing here so you'll see the earnings are not as strong as they otherwise could have been, but we're investing to continue to grow in the future.
Richard Dziadzio: And I would you add the last thing is we talked about. If something is not working, we take action. So I mean it's a great business.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. So in terms of overall exposure, it will come down. So the absolute reinsurance cost would come down with that.
Richard Dziadzio: I think, there's a couple of things in that. I think first if I step back and look at the overall enterprise, you'd say -- I would say that lifestyle is less capital intensive than housing obviously. And you're exactly right. I mean, one of the things that I think is a real great -- is a great value that Assurant brings to clients is we're able to bring this insurance business and also all the other value adds that we have that are not necessarily insurance-based. The premium tech support-type things that we do, the administrative support, the marketing, the training everything that we do that's not -- that we get paid a fee for that's not based. Do we control it? I think what we do is we go up to our clients and one of our values is we say to clients, what would you like? And we can customize an offering for them. With the growth of lifestyle and the growth of mobile and all the added services we're adding, I think just by nature of that it's becoming less capital intensive. And as we win new clients they are probably less capital intensive given all the added services that we're bringing to them.
Richard Dziadzio: I think in the lot of the businesses we're doing, I mean if we look at for example the auto business I mean, it is -- there's insurance behind it. But in many instances the transactions we're doing with our clients they're sharing the risk, if not all a good part of it. So that is capital light. So no I think the trend is more toward capital light. At the same time, as we see that fee businesses growing than the capital business it's just a weighted average calculation at the end of the day that the overall business becomes less capital intensive as we go forward. Also, the things the moves that we've made on the housing business, where we brought down the retention also helps us as well.
Richard Dziadzio: Well, in the first quarter we really had a mark-to-market of a real estate portfolio that we have, and so that gave us some nice earnings as we reported out. So from time-to-time we will get those real estate gains that we report out. We have them in the supplement and so forth. So the choppiness that comes is typically good news I would say over a kind of a run rate. We manage the portfolio more on an income basis, so we don't see big volatility within the underlying portfolio from period to period. Most of the portfolios in high-grade fixed income, so the volatility, if anything it's a good thing for us. So I look at it Mark more over a longer period of time and you'll get a nice run rate there.
Alan Colberg: Yes Mark. No first of all, I think we're very proud of our team in Global Lifestyle and the strong results they're delivering. Let me separate kind of revenue from NOI. So, if you think about revenue, we are continuing to ramp the programs that were launched in the last 18 months. So, we're going to add subscribers. Those programs are going to continue to grow and that should continue in Q3 and beyond. If you think about the second half of the year though when you go to NOI, we do have some seasonality that tends to play out with causing the second half of the year in recent years to be below the first half in mobile even with the growth. And that seasonality really is around a few things. One is, we think about when new phones are launched, the last few years those launches have been later in the cycle and often availability not really there until early the next year which has pushed some of the growth into Q1. The second thing we see is when we launch new clients and new programs, they normally launch in Q3 or early Q4 around the NPI. So that's also something we have to invest -- every time we launch those new programs, we have to invest in technology, we have to do the training, we have to do the integration. And then just in Q3, we normally have some seasonality in the underwriting results. People are outside more they drop their phones, they get them wet. So I think, we'll -- we expect to continue to have strong growth over time in lifestyle. You'll see it probably in revenue in Q3. We expect NOI will be down modestly in the second half than the first half.
Alan Colberg: Yes. And John in terms of housing -- let me just make one other comment on housing. If you put aside the small commercial which was an experiment in growth that we quickly shutdown when it didn't perform as expected we feel very good about how the balance of housing is performing. Multifamily is continuing to grow. We're still early in the rollout of our point of lease, but that looks very promising for driving penetration. And lender-placed is performing as expected. So we feel generally very encouraged about housing other than the challenges we had with small commercial and elevated non-cat overall.
Alan Colberg: … we've talked often about the new clients in the pipeline. Our pipeline is actually even stronger than we had anticipated. And it's really a tribute to the …
Alan Colberg: …as we go into Q3, to make sure we can capture as many of those as possible, because they will create substantial long-term value.
Alan Colberg: So, couple of thoughts on that, John. First of all, I think we feel even better positioned today, than we did at Investor Day in lifestyle. The momentum is strong. And so that's very encouraging. As a reminder…
Alan Colberg: …do as part of our Q4 earnings call, we'll give you granular detail on what to expect in 2020 with our Q4 earnings call. But I would just leave it as momentum is strong and we feel even better positioned, than we were back at Investor Day.
Alan Colberg: No. John, it's fair. We obviously feel very good about where our business is and how it's performing. We did make a commitment in Investor Day to return $1.35 billion over the next three years. We're making progress against that. As a reminder, though, we do buy back under 10b5-1s we can't just change them on the fly. So, you've seen what we're doing. You should expect we will continue to be buyback. We'll buyback through cat season this year as we've done the last few years. But we're on track …
Alan Colberg: Yeah. And Chris I'd add couple of thoughts to that, one is the book developed. We didn't like the geographic exposure. It was more costal than we wanted and we really didn't want to build that part of the book. And then, when we look at across our portfolio and deploying our resources and capital, we have substantially better opportunities elsewhere. And so that led us to very quickly make the decision, that we're better off to move on and put that investment elsewhere.
Alan Colberg: So, quite a few questions in there, Chris. So if I forget some of them, please come back to me. I mean I think the -- if you look at mobile devices, we think of it is a long-term driver of value for our shareholders and we're going to continue to add them. As we've talked about as we launched new programs they generally take anywhere from three to four years to ramp to maturity and we have a lot of new programs that have just begun. And so, we expect that is going to grow and will grow well independent of what happens in the market. We're also adding services. And if you remember back in Investor Day we had that chart that show how we’ve started to try to stack additional services and many of them are fee income onto that growth. So again quarterly growth, I wouldn't put too much focus on that. I think it's more the longer term. We look year-on-year on the momentum that we're driving in the business. In terms of market share, again we have a leadership position with one important client and there are several others that we have little position in. So we have substantial opportunities for growth in the U.S. market as we look forward.
Alan Colberg: Yes. And auto has an interesting dynamic in that it's really about share gain. So unlike mobile where the partnerships tend to be more exclusive these are businesses where there are many competitors. So we are really focused on differentiating our service, our product, our offerings to allow us to gain share over time leveraging our position.
Alan Colberg: Well there -- in lifestyle they really fall into a couple of buckets. One in every product we are working to add services to create value beyond the underlying insurance or service contracts. So we have roadmaps that we've been executing against in mobile we're now executing against auto. An example would be Pocket Drive in auto. So that's one set of the investments. The second area of investment really is around consumer experience. Now we are in the process of driving significant digital capabilities through every one of our products and really evolving that. And then finally we are continuing to add clients and programs. And so there's a significant investment to ramp those programs that will be going on in the second half of the year.
Alan Colberg: So in Preneed as you know we've had a long-term historic partnership with the industry leader. In recent years, we've been looking for additional growth that can really help us strengthen our position. So we've been both adding distribution and then also looking for ancillary products similar to what we've done elsewhere. I mentioned on previous earnings calls we've started to experiment with things like an executor product really ways to add more value beyond the Preneed product. So we're encouraged by the momentum in that business as well.
Alan Colberg: Yes. I think we feel well positioned with our business today and I think we're just going to continue to execute against our plan.
Alan Colberg: So maybe I'll start and Richard you can add to it. The way we think about housing is we have a really strong growth engine in multifamily and rental and we've been continuing to gain share there. You can see the policy counts for example in our supplement and we're continuing to invest to differentiate what we do there. We're driving digital throughout that entire business. We're working hard on the point of lease. That's really the growth driver. For the more traditional risk businesses like lender-placed, we've really been focused on ensuring we are well positioned to be participating in any kind of upside that comes. And to have those businesses which generate a lot of cash flow for us continue to drive a lot of cash flow. So we've done things like lower the attach point in the reinsurance tower, so that there's less volatility in the earnings coming out of those traditional risk businesses. We've been investing in what we call single-source platform SSP, which is really to differentiate the user experience and allow us to scale the economics over time. So I would think about growth really in multifamily and the balance of it keep it stable and throw off cash with upside if we get into any kind of housing slowdown.
Alan Colberg: Yes. I think we feel very good about where we are. We're now a year plus into the integration. Our client relationships are stronger across the board than they were at the time of the merger. We are investing to leverage the joint capabilities. So we'll continue to push for incremental expense synergies, but that's largely complete at this point. Our focus now is much more on growth and how do we leverage both sides and that will continue.
Alan Colberg: Yes. So Mike it's very early with Pocket Drive. But what we're trying to do there is leverage our capabilities, so we developed something called Pocket Geek which is now well entrenched in mobile. It's all about the user experience in creating a better ownership experience for the consumer. We leveraged those capabilities to create Pocket Drive, which has a similar goal. It's all about the user experience of owning your car. But it's very early and we have been in pilots or we're in pilots now with -- goes well we expect to roll it out broadly. But it really differentiates our position in the market and helps us be well positioned to gain share over time.
Alan Colberg: Probably not appropriate to speculate on what caused any given client to do something. I think what we'd say there is we've had a strong track record of gaining share in that business to the position we now have. We're aligned with effectively all the major market leaders now in that business. And with the movement that we saw in the second quarter and what we've talked about in the prepared remarks it has no effect, it's not material to our overall earnings. So again, I think we're well positioned. We are investing heavily to differentiate that business as well. So again, I think we feel good where we are with lender-placed.
Alan Colberg: No Gary, I think about our businesses having two real sources of differentiation. One you mentioned is we partner and we're embedded in the value chain. That really is lifestyle, that's mobile, that's really where multifamily is actually headed. In our housing risk businesses, we do better than market because we find kind of unique capabilities, unique distribution. We were experimenting to see if we can find another one like that and it just didn't work out so that's why we took a decision quickly. But we like risk businesses where we can have some sort of unique advantage and we had a thesis that just didn't work out on that one.
Alan Colberg: Yeah. In the multi-family world, rental, we've been doing a lot of experimenting around the sharing economy and some of those have gone quite well. As we grow -- now those are a little bit different, they're not as -- they're not really traditional risk businesses the same way, but we're encouraged by some of those experiments. And if they work we'll scale them.
Alan Colberg: Yes. So John, let me start with T-Mobile, since that was what I mentioned in the prepared remarks. What I was referring to there is that we are in the process now of implementing the move of Metro by T-Mobile over to Assurant. And as we complete that we're proud now to be the device protection partner for all of T-Mobile's businesses. So that's a great position.
Alan Colberg: It's really a result of the years of working side-by-side with them really helping differentiate their business as they revolutionize the industry. So we feel well positioned with T-Mobile, no matter what happens in the market with mergers. And in terms of what's happening in the market, we couldn't speculate on what might or might not happen. But in Investor Day, when we gave our long-term outlook, we didn't contemplate any major new client coming our way. So if we did get one that would be incremental to what we've been talking about.
Alan Colberg: Yes. We built our plan with the line of sight we had with the clients that we have partnerships with. We didn't contemplate in the long-term outlook new clients.
Alan Colberg: Without going into a lot of specifics on how individual clients are performing I think we feel good with our evolving partnership with Apple. And we're now working with them in multiple geographies and we're expanding our reach in their value chain over time so I think we feel good with that. And with Verizon and the other major prospects both in the U.S. and outside of the world we're working hard to differentiate and show that we can bring innovation and we'll see where those go over time, but we do believe we're a disruptive player and that we can help really these clients win over time.
Alan Colberg: All right. We appreciate it. Thank you for everyone. So thanks for participating in today's call. We're pleased with our first half performance and believe we're well positioned to deliver our financial objectives for the year. We look forward to updating you on our progress in our third quarter earnings call in November. In the meantime, please reach out to either Suzanne Shepherd or Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks everyone.
John Nadel: Okay. And then last one is just, pace of buybacks. I guess I pushed on this a little bit in the last couple of quarters. But your momentum is so strong I guess I'm just trying to understand. I know you've been a consistent re-turner of capital…
John Nadel: …I just -- guess I'm wondering why not a little bit faster on the buyback your opportunity to retire shares in advance of what seems to be really good underlying momentum and earnings growth.
John Nadel: Okay. And incremental on both sides of the income statement if you will the incremental from a revenue perspective, but also incremental from -- you have these upfront costs related to new clients acquisition if you will.
