Richard Dziadzio: Yes, Mark. So as we will always do and have done in our fourth quarter earnings call in February, we will provide a lot more granularity on how we think about 2020. But we're still very confident in the view that we provided back at Investor Day of on average annual growth of 10% plus for lifestyle, 12% plus for EPS. The challenge in 2020 for lifestyle is we’ve had such a strong growth in 2019 that we have a much higher base and we had a full-year of the TWG synergies, that’s going to make it just harder to sustain that level of growth in 2020. But the business is well positioned and we feel our franchises are strong.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I think if we step back, we feel very good about the TWG acquisition and the integration. As we said earlier this year, we've achieved our synergy commitment publicly ahead of plan. With that said, we continue to look for growth opportunities. I think I mentioned on the call about our new partnership in China this quarter on electric vehicles. We would never have achieved that without the warranty group. And so over time, we are going to look for other opportunities like that that will enable us to grow revenue not just improve their profitability. So I think we are well positioned and at this point we’re a global market leader in auto and we are trying to leverage that scale everywhere we can.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I will take that. Hey, John. I think as we looked at it, we came into the first half of the year, we basically are looking at half years together. So we're looking first half, second half and signal that we thought the second half would be lower than the first half. I think as we sit here at the end of the third quarter and looking at the second half, it really is coming in line with our expectations. I think we've seen some, the trade-ins, some of the trade-in volumes go down as we had anticipated given the strong first half of the year we had. At the same time, we’ve seen strong growth in Asia/Pacific, the U.S., improved profitability in Europe, which we had been planning on to. So, overall, we are in line with our expectations as Alan said in his opening statements.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, and we’ve talked about small commercial been out there, some continued declines in financial services. So there are a couple of headwinds that we are taking into account when we're given that range to you.
Richard Dziadzio: The way to think about CPR is we’re in the business of delivering superior customer experiences and the way its evolving is our traditional people model, the big facilities works really well for buyback and trade-in and that’s going to continue to be a very important driver. But increasingly consumers are asking for same day same-store type repair. CPR gives us that capability. So over time, it'll be potentially significant growth driver for us, but it's going to take us time to integrate it, building into our offerings, get our clients to offer it. We're excited. It gives us the capability to deliver yet another really superior customer experience.
Richard Dziadzio: And Gary, the only thing I would add is when you look at the Ike franchise, it remains strong. And that's why we've had a process ongoing that we'll see where we end up. But it is a good company just for us as we think about where best to deploy our capital. It's not a 100%. Certainly, that’s the best thing we should do.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Well you just hit the nail on the head, Gary. I mean, really we've been holding it until the third quarter as an operating entity with the operations, since Alan said it's performed fairly well during our period of shift. It's really in this third quarter that we’ve said we've advanced in a process. Now we have an intent to sell what's the sales price and obviously we're in -- we're talking about in Mexico in today and the environment and climate etcetera. So we take all of that into account in the current estimate.
Richard Dziadzio: Well, I would say if anything it could potentially be a net positive, because it could give us excess capital if we sell it. Because remember we’ve taken into account in our Investor Day that we would hold it. So it would give us excess cash and then we’d see what we would do with that excess capital as we go forward, either return or hold it.
Richard Dziadzio: It's hard to generalize, because as we’ve talked about in Investor Day and since then our programs could have anywhere between 1 and 7 products in services. And so the amount of investment will vary based on that. But all of those are priced to over a period of time to generate a very attractive IRR for our shareholders. So I think we feel good about these new programs that we're launching and ramping. You can see the benefit and the growth in mobile over time. That's resulted from the prior programs that we’ve launched.
Richard Dziadzio: I think it's fair. I mean, I generalize it with some risk to it because every program is still [indiscernible] is fair that it takes a period of time and where the economics really start to flow through is when you get out into year two and three and the programs begin to get closer to maturity.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Yes, we launched that originally in late 2017. We are now heading into year three of that program.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I will start by the second part, the answer is yes. We are -- as we’ve talked about before, John, we're kind of unwinding unplugging that business. So every quarter now the net earned premium obviously what we've written in the past and what’s earning out today is decreasing quite substantially. The first intensive first part of your question that we said in a previous call, first two quarters of the year, we were -- we lost about $6 million each quarter. This quarter, the portfolio performed better, think about a couple of million dollars loss with that in this last quarter and that represents [indiscernible].
Richard Dziadzio: So, one would hope that the experience would mimic that. On the other hand, who knows there's some property, some liability, what we could have some higher losses within that. So it will -- to be seen, but we are winding it down and its winding down very quickly.
Alan Colberg: Yes, I think it's fair to say we are not really seeing anything in our business at the moment. The reality is in that business, it is a big countercyclical hedge. We don't tend to place until it's later in the cycle. The loan has moved into serious delinquency foreclosure. So if there is any slowdown starting to happen, that will benefit us later.
Alan Colberg: Yes. John, I appreciate the question. So the challenge with revenue as we’ve talked about in prior quarters, if we change the contract structure which happens often with our clients, our revenue could go down, or go up, but it's -- has really no effect on our earnings. So we tend to focus much more on the NOI in that business. And the …
Alan Colberg: … as I mentioned, we’ve had such strong growth this year, we’ve a full-year of the warrant group synergies. It's hard to build off of that at the same level that we’ve grown in 2019. We also -- we mentioned several new clients on this call. We’ve others, we didn't mention on the call, we're continuing to invest and our pipeline remains very robust for global lifestyle overall.
Alan Colberg: I think it's fair to say in the fourth quarter we are going to have accelerated investment. We are very encouraged by the new clients that we're ramping in the pipeline and we're investing to deliver future growth and profitability. So, yes.
Alan Colberg: Yes. So, mobile growth has been strong in all regions in Asia/Pacific, especially Japan, it's really new clients and new programs. In Europe, it's really been a couple of things. We’ve leveraged our global supply chain capability out of the U.S to really strengthen our supply chain in Europe, and that's been a big driver. We've also been very disappointed with expenses, which has helped NOI growth. But we're encouraged, we're seeing strong growth and in fact with all regions of the world in mobile.
Alan Colberg: I think what we’ve said before, Mike is that the segment that line of business is in runoff domestically. There's probably a little bit [indiscernible] going on in there as well. So, yes, it was down in the quarter. You’re right.
Alan Colberg: Yes. Well -- Yes. Thanks, Chris. I guess, one of the things that we pointed out in the opening remarks I think is part of the need for the change, which is the insolvency of one of our clients and we see those loans transitioning away in the fourth quarter, that will have an impact on us. And we've also seen year-over-year, a small increase, but an increase in the non-cat loss ratio. So we're taking those two factors into account, the kind of change in the outlook and say before we had said that it would be flat, now we’re saying it will be down a bit.
Alan Colberg: Nothing more than we’ve already talked about. We expect to accelerate investments in Q4, but that alone is not going to be a big driver of it.
Alan Colberg: So, we go through a regular process with our Board, looking at everything we are doing and discussing whether we feel like it's still strategic or not. Ike, interesting company when we made that investment six years ago, now it was really about growing to scale in Latin America with additional fee-based offerings. Over the last six years, our strong growth in LACTAM and then the warranty group acquisition, we now have a much stronger franchise in Latin America, which is what led us to take the opportunity to reevaluate, it doesn't fit as well as it did six years ago. So we will continue to look for things. I think we feel very good about our portfolio at this point. You've also seen us be over the years very disciplined stewards of the capital of our shareholders and we will continue that as we go forward.
Alan Colberg: I think that we can break the charge down into a couple of things, total charge being a $125 million. The first thing is as you pointed out, Chris, was $41 million is really related to the cumulative change in FX or the FX loss, I would say, the weakening of the peso since our acquisition some five years ago, that's $41 million. The other $84 million, four of it was a deferred tax asset that we took down. And then the other $80 million is really the difference between what we have up on our books for our 40% interest and that the 60% interest obligation we have to buy the rest the 60% and the market value, should we sell the company? And again, as I said in my opening comments, we are in the process, we had advanced in the process, but we can't say today that we will conclude the process. So, still always to go there and we will keep everyone up to date as we always do.
Alan Colberg: Sure. Sure. I think, first of all, when just to level set everyone, we talk about a $110 million that was for the 40% interest that we had during the course of the time. We haven’t marked up the asset. We’ve kept it on the books, obviously through time we've gotten an income from the assets. There have been dividends out from the assets. So that changed the book value. And really what we're coming to now is after five years and during that five year period, there actually has been a pretty good weakening of the Mexican peso to the U.S dollar, $40 million, that’s a third of the charge. The other two thirds really, one is -- one part is based on the 40 percentages we have and the book value we have today and our expectations of sale price for that. And then the others on the 60%, we actually have a call put that we’ve talked about in the past and that's had a formula. So we are looking at that the market value that we could have in the sale versus what that formula gives us, and that's the other part of the markdown.
Alan Colberg: That’s exactly right. I mean, we obviously we have that -- we call it an option to put call option, right? So, more and more less an obligation to purchase it. So as we’ve gone on and said, okay, now we’re in the sales process, that giving us visibility in terms of potential pricing. So we take into account what that is versus what we would sell it for. Net difference, we’ve put up in the book, so putting it at our best estimate today.
Alan Colberg: Yes, Gary, the one thing I would add is, we remain committed to our expectation of returning $1.35 billion to shareholders in 2021. As Richard said, if we do end up ultimately with excess capital, you've seen our track record of returning it. But at this point, it's too early to say anything other than we are still committed to our $1.35 billion through 2021.
Alan Colberg: Gary, that’s absolutely correct when you think about it. So if you think about a new client that we are launching this quarter, we start generally with no customers. We have to invest, integrate into their systems to develop the marketing materials to train people etcetera. And generally within a year or so, we start to turn profitable. It generally takes 3 to 4 years for those programs to kind of reach maturity. So a program we are launching today probably doesn't reach maturity until 2022, 2023. And then the pipeline client, we may close on next year or the year after, but we’re making investments to perceive to set that up for the future. CPR is another example of something that will benefit us beyond the '21 period. The last thing I would say is, if you look at the eventual 5G wave that's going to come, we didn't reflect that anywhere in the '20 or '21 outlook because we think it's going to take a little while. But there's a whole wave of 5G activity coming in the out years for mobile.
Alan Colberg: Yes. John what I would say is, we are winding that business down quickly. We are cautiously optimistic that most of the losses are behind us. I wouldn't give a number for the year. But as I look at 2020, we obviously feel good about that that this business will largely be behind us. We will have a benefit in 2020, because its largely behind us. We will have some offset in housing in 2020 from that transition of loans away from the insolvent client. But in terms of the small commercial -- hopefully it's largely behind us at this point.
Alan Colberg: It's in that range. I think we’ve said it's around 22% to 24%, overall. And it really is just reflecting the profitability of our business geographically and the tax rates in those various geographies.
Alan Colberg: In terms of the loans, we talked about 600,000 and really revenues pegged a placement rate, but really the revenue is about $70 million in annualized NEP coming out of this [indiscernible].
Alan Colberg: If you think about 5G from a consumer point of view, when it ultimately rolls out, it dramatically improves latency, which creates all sorts of new applications including autonomous vehicles really being driven by that, which is [technical difficulty] since we made the investment in auto. The timing, nobody really knows. But what it will cause is over a period of a couple of years, you will see probably a big spike in handset activity, which would benefit us. So, again, I don’t think this is in the 2021 type time frame. But longer term we are trying to set up the business to be well positioned for that wave.
Alan Colberg: Right. Thanks. Thanks everyone for participating in today's call. We are pleased with our year-to-date performance and believe we’re well positioned to meet our financial objectives for the year. We look forward to updating you on our progress, on our fourth quarter earnings call in February. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Mosher with any follow-up questions. Thank you.
