Christopher J. Pagano: Sure. Seth, so – again, we don't comment on specific clients, but what I can tell you around the mobile business and what we're looking at for the second half is first half was weaker. But as expected, we do think that we're still comfortable with our expectations or our outlook that the second half of the year will be better than the first half. So, second half 2016 better than first half 2016. And that full year 2016 will be higher than full year 2015. And then of course, longer term, we do view the 10% average annual NOI growth as an achievable target. So in terms of specifics around, we did take some actions on expenses. We'll start to see the benefit in the second half. The other thing to keep in mind that the revenue growth will potentially be muted within Solutions, but think about a rotation that's going on, the runoff of the big-box retailers and the non-growth credit business, for example, being offset by growth in the higher margin fee-based business in particular on the mobile side. So you combine this rotation to higher margin product with expense initiatives, we think you're going to receive – while you may not see revenue growth, you're going to see growth in the bottom line. And that's what we're thinking for the second half.
Christopher J. Pagano: And just maybe – just another comment or two on that portfolio. So, as a reminder, where it's going to start the end of the quarter, we're going to incur some costs during the – preparing for it to onboard the loans. The loans will transfer on renewal. So it's going to take four quarters for the full letter cycle and all these loans to finally be on the portfolio. So this will be a 2017 event from a premium and profit standpoint. But again, as Alan mentioned, just really an indication of the platform and the quality of the operation at Specialty Property.
Christopher J. Pagano: No, I guess I just want to maybe just emphasize the fact that this rotation in the mix shift will produce the bottom line profitability. So, while there may not be significant revenue growth in aggregate, you're going to see the runoff in the retailers and the non-growth business offset by growth in the fee-based higher margin business.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah. Just in general, again, the tablet was a main driver there. It was just some of the programs were – just the volumes on the programs weren't where we had anticipated – where they had been in the past. There was a little bit of a lower mobile profit in Europe, but again, we're taking actions to address that and we feel very good about the second half.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah. So I think the goal for us and – is to be consistent with years past. We still think the shares are attractively priced. We bought back 6 million-plus shares through this 22 of July, which is almost 10% on the float. So we feel good about the volumes. The line of – the deployable capital at the end of the quarter and our line of sight on sources of capital and particularly the dividends from Health and some of the capital release from benefits, which we're expecting in the second half, gives us a lot of flexibility. And years past, when we've typically said we'll need to slow down as we go into cat season, I think we've got ample flexibility to continue to buy consistently through the second half.
Christopher J. Pagano: Sure. So, if you – so that was about $19 million or $20 million in the quarter. So if you back that out year-over-year, that's not the 35% but a 22% growth. And then quarter-on-quarter, not the 18.5% but I think the number is 7%. So, still very good growth in the core business even after you back out the one-time.
Christopher J. Pagano: I don't know that the math is that simple. Health is still an ongoing operation. There are expenses and so on. We do think there'll be some capital that we'll be able to get out of the business as it completely winds down, but not the $100 million that you're suggesting there.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah. And I would also point out, and when you go back to Investor Day, Mark, we did also talk about the REO volume as a percent of gross-written trending lower as a result of the normalization too. So you're seeing that trend as well going from 19% a year ago,15% this quarter, and with our long-term outlook being 10% of gross written. So, unambiguous normalization trends are in place at this point.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. I think the important context is whenever we sign a new program, it takes some time to ramp in. So really what we're talking about here are some of the things we announced late last year, really kicking in. We announced, for example, partnerships with Google and eBay and a few others. Those are now ramping into the P&L. And then we talked about the significant expansion of programs to some of our prior clients and continuing clients that also really tick in in the second half. But the things we announced today will really be more significant when you get into 2017.
Alan B. Colberg: Yes. If we go back to what we said at Investor Day, we mentioned that longer-term we see 10%, 12% type growth rates across those lines of business. And we – again, you have some volatility quarter-to-quarter. We felt good about the progress of multi-family. We continue to rapidly outgrow the market. And then in mortgage solutions, you have some typical fluctuations as we ramp in with the new client or things shift around a little bit in the marketplace just on activity in the mortgage market, but no change in our perspective. We are gaining share and are continuing to gain share.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. So if you think about the lender-placed homeowners business, it has been and remains a very competitive marketplace. We have strong competitors that we have to compete with on a regular basis for every piece of business. The good news, though, is we have the industry-leading platform and capabilities in customer service, and we continue to invest in those. And yes, we'll occasionally lose pieces of business, but more often than not, we win pieces of business. And having this client return I think is just a testament to the quality of our operation and the value we deliver for our clients and for their consumers.
Alan B. Colberg: So, Mark, we don't really give quarter-to-quarter type guidance. There is normal volatility, but nothing has changed in where we think long-term those margins are, which is 15% to 20%. And we're taking action to ensure that we achieve that over time. So, nothing's really changed. What happens quarter-to-quarter there is normal volatility.
Alan B. Colberg: And Seth, just one other comment on Health. As you all see in the market, Health remains a very challenged sector and very challenged industry. I think the very good news for us is we are effectively done at this point. There's still a little bit of volatility that could happen but not a lot. We're really into the final chapter of the wind-down at this point.
Alan B. Colberg: Not at all. I think the pace of normalization is continuing. As you recall, years past, it took a while to get going, but the last couple of years, it's been proceeding pretty much as we've been projecting and we don't see anything overall in the market. Now, again, as we on-board new loans that have a higher placement rate, you may see some natural kind of bumps in that, but longer term, that 1.8% to 2.1% remains our perspective on the placement rate.
Alan B. Colberg: All right. Well, I want to thank everyone for participating in today's call. We look forward to updating you on our progress in October. And as always, you can reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Jisoo Suh with any follow-up questions. Thank you all very much.
