Alan Colberg: Yes, no Kai, so few thoughts on this. So first of all I think we feel very good about the reinsurance program we have in place, you saw last year which was a very extreme weather year that the program worked well. We were not really that affected by the company other than the losses we took and so we feel like we've done a good job of protecting our customers, our policyholders, our shareholders with the program. Over the years, we've been gradually reducing our retention so that our exposure has gone down significantly and as we've added other lines of business like The Warranty Group and with the growth in Connected Living and Mobile a much smaller portion of our earnings is cat exposed today. But certainly the last few years have been more volatile for storms than in the past and we will be revisiting our reinsureds program what's the right retention point as we go into the repurchase cycle for that in January.
Alan Colberg: Yes, absolutely. If you look at Global Housing, we've gone through a few years of market declines and lender-placed which are now largely behind us. We're positioned as we've said for flat earnings in lender-placed next year excluding cat which is very positive and we've got strong growth across the balance of Global Housing. So we feel very good about that business as we look to 2019 and beyond.
Alan Colberg: Yes, and Kai, I would add, I think over the last few years we've been very pleased with the margin growth that we've seen in Lifestyle. We did allude to in this quarter we had the normal seasonality the third quarter usually is the worst loss experience in Mobile. And in Europe what we're working through in the U.S. we control our supply chain. In Europe in Mobile we work with partners and so that's had more challenges for us and so we're working through solutions as we head into 2019 to have more control over our mobile supply chain in Europe.
Alan Colberg: Yes, we're going to have an Investor Day in March where we will refresh what the right way to think about that is. If you recall a couple of years ago, we changed the target from 8% to the 9.5% we have now as a result of the way one of our contract changes happened. So we'll revisit all of that but I think the main headline for us is we've had good growth in margins over the last few years and we're going to remain focused on growing the margins.
Alan Colberg: Yes. So maybe we have many partnerships across the Connected Living space, one that we're proud of and is important to us is Apple that really began years ago in Brazil when we worked with them to really launch a trade-in program in that market, they were an important part of our progress and success in Japan. And off of that we were able to build enough I think great relationship, credibility that they chose to work with us as their partner in really extending and deepening AppleCare. So we've included our capabilities into AppleCare, we're now distributing it through them in their stores through apple.com. So it's going to be significant broadly the relationship we have with Apple and we continue to grow it in various markets around the world.
Alan Colberg: Yes, John, I mean I think if I take a long-view we're very proud of the way we've managed the capital of the company for both our creditors and our shareholders. And as we work toward Investor Day next March, we are looking at how we think about capital, how we think about what's the appropriate buffer where we hold it and so I'll defer that question in March, but we have work underway to how best to think about that to protect our creditors and our shareholders and grow our company.
Alan Colberg: Yes, and Jimmy you can see some of the benefit of it flowing through the P&L for example our pretax margin that we're talking about earlier in Connected Living, some of that growth is coming from these expense initiatives. You can also see it in Corporate where our loss for this year, if tax adjusted is effectively the same as last year and we're a much bigger company this year. So we've been able to grow the company without adding corporate expense. So we're seeing significant benefits already coming through the P&L even as Richard said we're still in process on these.
Alan Colberg: No, what I would say is I think we're very pleased with the Warranty Group the integration so far. The client feedback has been strong both our clients and their clients about the fact that we're a stronger deeper company you can help adapt and build new products for the evolving auto market. We've said the deal we expected to be modestly accretive on 2019, by the end of 2019 run rate synergies; we're still on track for that, we're still on track to meet our cost savings commitments. So I think we feel very good about it and it really has strategically strengthened us in the auto market.
Alan Colberg: Well you know it's early in the U.S. relationship with Apple and we will hopefully execute that well. So far as I mentioned is performing to expectations. And our focus really is been to evolve our products and services if the market evolves, so as you've heard us talk about before we've gone from the original handset protection into things like premium tech support and on-board phone diagnostics and more recently with an extended warranty in Japan on the phone. So I think there's a lot of runway broadly in mobile with our various partners around the world.
Alan Colberg: No, Mark, I think the way I think about this is we're running various pilots as we try to look for example I referenced in my remarks the sharing economy that's part of what I think close to what you're referencing and it's early but we are building new relationships, new distribution partners, and we feel like we've established our brand and we'll see how successful these programs are over time but so far we're gaining good traction.
Alan Colberg: Yes, Mark, what I would say is we will provide a full outlook for 2019 as part of our Q4 earnings call in February, but we do feel very well-positioned for continued profitable growth and we look forward to a good 2019 as well.
Alan Colberg: So we normally don't give any specifics on clients and the performance of the given client. What I would say about Lifestyle broadly, we've had a longstanding commitment that we can on average grow that businesses earnings by 10% per year. Now it's not 10% every year sometimes it's more, sometimes it's less. And if you go back to 2013, when we first put out that commitment, we've delivered on that and we feel well-positioned to continue to deliver on that in part because of expanding relationships like with Apple and KDDI and Comcast and others that we've talked about.
Alan Colberg: John, what I would say about TPG is as I've said there they've been and we expect them to continue to be economically rationale as they sell their positions. We were encouraged by their first two sales that happened earlier. And as we think about the future, I'm not going to speculate on what they might do or what we might do. But I think they'll continue to be economically rationale.
Alan Colberg: Yes, legally we could. But again or let's just see how this plays out, but I think so far it’s played out well.
Alan Colberg: Yes, I appreciate that. First we never comment on market rumors I won't comment on that. We do feel very well-positioned as a company. We've driven profitable growth the last couple of years. We are well-positioned in many lines of business, continue to grow. I'm a Director we have a fiduciary duty to create value for our shareholders and if somebody did approach us with an attractive offer we obviously would take it appropriately.
Alan Colberg: Again we normally don't go into specifics of any given client program what I would say is, it is performing as we expect.
Alan Colberg: All right, thanks Mark. I want to thank everyone for participating in today's call. We're pleased with our results so far this year and we look forward to updating you on progress for our fourth quarter earnings call in February and we are going to hold an Investor Day now scheduled for March 14th in New York and more details will be coming on that in the coming months. In the meantime please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd or Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks everyone.
Richard Dziadzio: Good morning, Kai. It's Richard and I think you phrased it correctly. I mean -- we -- overall it's an improvement from last year 3.8%. So positive news there, but we do note, we have noted in the past that when we bring the TWG business in, the margins were a little bit lower. So that does bring it down relative to what it had been as you mentioned, it ultimately ends up being a business mix we have, and then also as we called out there was some impact from Europe and some losses but fairly, fairly small overall in the mix.
Richard Dziadzio: I think you hit on a lot of good points there, I think as we said in our statements a little bit earlier, we do see the placement rate decreasing or a decrease in the decrease so to speak, so it was only three basis points over the last quarter. So we see that continuing to moderate as we go forward. We're not calling an inflection point because obviously it depends on a lot of macro events, how the housing market is doing. Having said that I think you did hit on the fact that it is decreasing that we're in the process of implementing a single source platform over the next few years, that will start coming in and start helping as we go along. So we do feel that we're turning a corner and the large part of the decreases is behind us. So we're feeling really good about the business.
Richard Dziadzio: I'll take it. Okay, good morning, Jimmy. Yes, so in terms of overall expenses, I mean we continue to drive hard on managing our expenses, our overall headcount et cetera. As I mentioned in the remarks, we were on track for our synergies with TWG, we took out $5 million, looking forward to at least $10 million for the end of this year, and on a run rate basis being half of the $60 million we talked about across the enterprise, we're working on things like procurement and facilities et cetera and being very careful about how we are spending and making sure that whatever we spend, we're creating value. In terms of the saves back in Investor Day, we had talked about $100 million of gross saves in last quarter we reported that we were halfway to that mark. We continue to advance. So this quarter I would just say we're a little bit above that mark and continuing to move forward and in terms of the goal that we had set there for being a $100 million at the end of 2020, we're well in track for that.
Richard Dziadzio: Well we see some, thank you, Jimmy. We see some good momentum in the business as we said. Sales were up quarter-over-quarter. We're bringing in new clients and we're very pleased about that. The product offering is being accepted well by the marketplace. So that organic growth is helpful obviously Preneed is more of a longer-term business and those profits are spread out in the future. But in this particular quarter we had not only effects of the past, good news coming through, but we also had higher overall assets in the business and higher overall interest rates really just reflect, what's happening out there in the markets. So we do feel that there's good momentum going forward despite some seasonality that that we get sort of in the winter months.
Richard Dziadzio: In terms of the international area in manufactured housing that's really going to be dwelling, where we have partnerships with clients and offering that insurance there. And then, more domestically we do have an increase in commercial property we have a small program there small size type premiums and starting to get a little bit of growth there is as well.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, good morning Chris. There obviously is a little bit of capital freed up as it -- I would say declines but again I come back to the earlier comments that that decline is getting smaller and smaller. So we don't see big releases because that business I would say is in a good -- is getting to be in a really nice place with only three basis point decrease in placements rates this year. You can see actually in the top-line and the net earned premiums not a big move there. So we're really not looking at the release of capital from property to increase the overall I would say ROEs with the company that's going to come from the profitable growth across housing and across the capital parts of lifestyle business like Global Auto.
Richard Dziadzio: I would say this sort of again I'll come back to Alan's earlier comments about we'll do outlook and be more specific about 2019 when Q4 comes around. But as we look at Global Housing, we see that we do have an expense ratio that's elevated as the revenues have come down and we haven't yet put in all the platform. That will come in over the next year so we do see that expense ratio coming back down over the next few years, I would say more gradually than rapidly in 2019.
Richard Dziadzio: I think its Richard. As Alan mentioned earlier, we have over time I guess I would say brought down the retention rate, the market obviously is very receptive to our placing reinsurance. I mean we've worked with the reinsurance market for a long period of time; we have some good stable reinsurers in there. So I think just as the relationship we have with them, the knowledge they have with our business will helps us get very good pricing in the marketplace when we do that. But we are thinking about as we go forward, what is should our retention be, should we bring it down, what our aggregate. So there’s we've got some pretty smart people in the company that spend a lot of time thinking about exactly how we should position it and we'll give more guidance on that as we go forward.
Richard Dziadzio: No, Mark. It's Richard just to respond to your statements. I would say I think you're spot on with them. And we have as I mentioned earlier working groups working on exactly that to think of I think about it as we do have a cursor to set in terms of exactly what risk we accept, what risk we lay off and what is the stability of the earnings overall. We've brought it down our earnings are more stable. As Alan said, in an earlier question, our company is getting bigger and so the exposure we have to catch is getting smaller just by definition, particularly as multifamily grows and lifestyle grows. So we definitely are looking at all of those things and but I would say if we -- if we look year-to-date through Q3 even with Hurricane Florence we had a little bit sub 92% combined ratio, so even there that's a nice ROE for the business overall.
