Alan Colberg: Hey, John, I appreciate the question. Let me start with the commentary on what happened in 2014. Yes, you are correct, that was our expectation going into the year with the pricing that we put in place. As we've talked about, the rules changed after we set pricing, and after the whole industry set pricing. That dramatically altered the risk pool in 2014 and made the market much sicker than had been expected.
Alan Colberg: That's what really influenced 2014 results. The good news about 2015 is it's a new cohort. We were able to raise our prices aggressively and appropriately to reflect the experience we expect will happen in 2015. We've made significant plan design changes really by analyzing what happened in 2014 and trying to address any adverse selection effects. You saw the commission reductions we took to moderate sales. And with on our ongoing expense discipline, we think results will improve in 2015 with the goal of profitability.
Alan Colberg: Well it's early to know what will happen in 2015, but our rate increases on average were in the double digits and closer to 20%.
Alan Colberg: John, we are not going to comment on a specific client. I think the important thing to remember as you think about our Lender-Placed business, is we play across all of the different parts of that industry and all the different types of servicers. So we are well aligned with whatever might happen in the marketplace and well positioned to be still the provider of choice in Lender-Placed.
Alan Colberg: Mark, let me add on to Chris's comments, just a couple of thoughts on capital management the way I think about. Which is, we have a very strong a portfolio of businesses that generate substantial free cash flow. And as you saw, we expect that to approximate segment earnings this year for us. That combination creates real value for our shareholders. And we have, I think, a good track record of deploying that capital effectively. And as I said in the prepared remarks, I'm committed, we are committed, to continuing to balance returning capital to shareholders with appropriately investing in future growth. And I think you see evidence of that over time.
Alan Colberg: I think the decisive actions we've taken so far are we expect results to improve. We're going to monitor very closely with Health, how things develop as the year go by. We will take additional decisive action, but it is a goal of profitability.
Alan Colberg: Seth, I think it's important to tell this tale of the two years because they are different. 2014 when the industry had an expectation of a risk pool, that was changed after the fact by the extenders. 2015, we're able to look at an expected risk pool. There hasn't been any intervention to change that expected risk pool so far. So again, it's an estimation, but 2015 maybe a very different year for market morbidity than 2014 was.
Alan Colberg: Yes, it's hard to say for sure. There are a couple things going on with the risk programs that we need to be careful, as we think about 2015. One is the reinsurance program is gradually phasing out. It phases out completely after 2016. With the risk adjuster it really is going to be a function of what the market morbidity is. Now our ACA block is substantially bigger in 2015 as the market switches is to the metallic plans. So the risk adjuster program remains very important to us as we go through the year.
Alan Colberg: Sean, I'm not going to speculate on what we might or might not do with Health over time. We have a commitment to our shareholders though, that we're going to be Specialty businesses that can generate Specialty returns. We are constantly looking at Health and whether we can achieve it under the new reality of the ACA world. We're going to take action. You've seen us take action. We're going to continue to take action. We'll take the appropriate action if it's not a specialty business over time.
Alan Colberg: I think it's important, Stephen, just one other comment. I think it's important as we've thought about that, we've really worked hard on the plan design and with the pricing to reflect what we think is going to happen. And then we've used the commission changes that we made to try to get the sales in the places where we want them to be.
Alan Colberg: We expect, I think the industry expects, the market to normalize beginning more -- it should normalize somewhat in 2015 just without the extenders. By 2016, 2017 it should become a more predictable, more normalized market.
Alan Colberg: Yes, effectively. This was not competitive, which is the important point. And it's being moved to an affiliated insurance company of one of our former clients.
Alan Colberg: No, I think the reality has been over time the market is moving the other way. And you see that with the success of our mobile business. We have made real progress over the last few years. I think we've built a very strong franchise there. Our pipeline of potential new clients is very robust. You do get into special circumstances occasionally, and that's what this was. But again at the end of the day, we feel good about the momentum in the mobile business and how it's going.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, everyone, for participating in today's call. We look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. And as always, please reach out to Francesca, Suzanne and Jisoo with any follow-up questions. Thanks
Chris Pagano: Hi, John, it's Chris. A couple things. Remember, the ratio is going to be a function of lower premiums coming through, so we're going to see that drift a little bit higher. When I think about cat versus non-cat, there are some weather events that don't qualify for cat. In the fourth quarter in particular we had some hailstorms that did not meet our definition of cat, but were weather nonetheless. So $5 million to $7 million in the quarter in particular. And then again, as we move through the normalization of Lender-Placed and properties are in foreclosure for longer, you're going to see slight drifts higher in the non-cat loss ratio.
Chris Pagano: Yes, I think so, a couple things. There's always going to be a little bit of mismatch that's a point-in-time estimate with respect to the placement rate. The block will flow through over time, so you will start to see it drift a little bit lower. But again, going back and in context, it's the normalization of the Lender-Placed business that's going to produce this decline in placement rate. I think we've talked about 1.8% to 2.1% longer-term. And again, if you look at the continuum, you're starting to see that come into play.
Chris Pagano: So we've given some long-term guidance around that, 52% to 57% of net earned premium over time. Again, keep in mind as you think about the Specialty Property business in aggregate, you're going to see the freeing up of capital from Lender-Placed, redeployment in the targeted growth areas around Mortgage Solutions in particular, multi-family housing. And then don't forget ARIC. The sale of ARIC released a significant amount of capital. I think long-term even with goodwill being held at Property, the $300 million, we still think 20% ROEs are possible, and are targeting that. And I think that, again, meets our definition of Specialty.
Chris Pagano: So again, that $400 million has got two pieces to it. So you've got $275 million or so in the reinsurance recoverable, which is a mathematical calculation, $45,000 retention and then the co-participation up through $250,000 on claims. Feel a high degree of confidence in that number. The risk adjuster, we have confidence in our own number, but it is our risk score relative to the market. I think that's where there is a little more of an estimation process that we have to go through. Every quarter that goes on we get more information, not only on our own block but the rest of the market, as third-party providers are aggregating data. Again, the number is our best estimate as of year-end.
Chris Pagano: Well again, the risk adjuster in terms of the aggregate recoverable we've got for 2014, it's a little more than a quarter. So the reinsurance recoverable is the larger piece where we have a higher degree of confidence, since there's no market estimation involved there. But again, the way I think about it is all of the participants have an interest in understanding the market risks so that they can properly estimate their risk relative to the market. But there is some estimation in there. We feel pretty good, but again, it's the first time through. And then again, 2015 is a different story.
Chris Pagano: Yes, there's a company called Wakely, a third-party provider who's been aggregating the industry data over the course of 2014 and providing it to those participants. We have been adjusting our accrual based upon how our estimate of our risk score relative to the market data, as provided by Wakely.
Chris Pagano: I guess our basic premise is the first people to participate in healthcare were the least healthy. And as the block grows it will become, in aggregate, healthier. And that's been the promise that we've operated under since the beginning.
Chris Pagano: A couple things. There's just a little bit of attrition that goes on during the course of every calendar year. And then more importantly, when we record sales in a quarter, the insureds [ph] do not go into the count until they pay their first premium. These are all Jan 1 effective dates, so the first-quarter, fourth-quarter lag is what you're going to see. And then you will also see the effect in the first quarter of the fact that open enrollment continues on through February 15. So just a timing issue there.
Chris Pagano: Keep in mind, the other thing you got to remember first quarter of 2014, significant number of sales that offset the normal course attrition. And then there are other events. People who are unemployed find a new job, they go into a group plan, et cetera. I think the volatility in this is really normal course. But again, the trend here is increased sales of individual medical in the metallic plans. And that's what you're going to see coming into play in 2015.
