Alan B. Colberg: So, Mark, we started talking about this back on the last earnings call that we just weren't seeing the volume of smartphone sales that the industry had predicted. Both the combination of delay in the launch of some smartphones and then I think these consumers have not been really enamored (26:17) with the latest ones. So, I think the important thing though for us, our mobile business has continued to grow well. We've added significant new clients. But you're correct. We do not see a pickup in new smartphone sales in Q1, so that will mute that piece of our business in Q1.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. And, Mark, think of those as OpEx. So, we have a very high hurdle as we do with everything on how we deploy those dollars, but they'll run through the P&L as OpEx.
Alan B. Colberg: So, Mark, importantly, I think, there is some seasonality in that business. So, generally, the winter is not a time of a lot of activity relative to other parts of the year. Certainly, if we have a better-than-expected market environment for originations, that would benefit our business. Our outlook is still cautious about what the market is going to be, and we've adjusted our cost structure accordingly. But, certainly, if we had a more robust environment – also importantly, a large part of our business there is countercyclical. So, if we do have any kind of slowdown in housing that will benefit both mortgage solutions and our lender-placed business.
Alan B. Colberg: Yes. So, Jimmy, I think as we talked about in some of the earlier earnings call, we did have some issues as we implemented a new technology platform mid last year that caused us to lose a little bit of business and allocation. But since that, we're more tracking the market. And that's about the level of down we're seeing across the businesses that we play in at the moment.
Alan B. Colberg: All right. Well, I want to thank everyone for participating in today's call. We're very pleased with our performance in 2017. And in 2018, we're focused on delivering on our commitments and closing our acquisition of The Warranty Group. We look forward to updating everyone on our progress on our first quarter earnings call in May. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Richard S. Dziadzio: Good morning, Mark. It's Richard. We don't see a significant difference in sort of the GAAP tax rate and the tax cash rate going forward. I mean, there can be small differences, but we're not seeing anything significant, which then means it will be cash available for investing in the business, or dropping down to the bottom line, as Alan said in the remarks. We do envisage reinvesting about a third of that back into the business.
Richard S. Dziadzio: Yeah. Mark, it's Richard. We're really not seeing. If we look at the numbers and the placement rates and the change in those, we really haven't seen an impact from the hurricane and so forth weather-related events on moving that number. I mean, obviously, the policies that we have in place, those are the claims we're paying on those policies in place but we haven't seen an impact I would say sort of on the top line.
Richard S. Dziadzio: Yeah. Thank you, Jimmy. In terms of the impact, free cash flow, the tax reform, similar to the Mark's question, I think what we're seeing is as we go forward that effective tax rate is, if someone will be paying the cash taxes will be similar to that. So, we'll obviously benefit from the lower tax rate. That will increase our cash, but no longer-term expectations other than that. And then, moving into your question on capital and share repurchases, and then, sort of, longer-term 2019 and beyond so to speak, I think one thing that we've stressed and that we'll continue to do is to be extremely disciplined about our capital. And when we're looking at our capital and profits and cash flow, looking at what we need to invest in the business to keep growing and reinvest that growth, we'll be looking at obviously our dividend policy, we'll be looking at M&A and we'll be looking at the repurchase activity in there.
Richard S. Dziadzio: Yeah. Yeah. Thanks for the question. In terms of the vehicle protection services, obviously, it's a great business for us. It's had great historical track growth and we expect it to continue. Particularly with our acquisition of The Warranty Group, we're excited about this line of business. It's true. Quarter-over-quarter, there was an increase in 19%. I tend to look more on the year-over-year change. It was up 10%. And, as you say, there's the earnings we did in the past. So, we're seeing the growth in the past come through. And that growth should continue to come through as we've done well in the past periods. Quarter-to-quarter, it is spotty. Sometimes we get reporting that comes in and it's a little bit lumpy. So, that can change a quarterly number.
