Alan B. Colberg: So, Mark, a couple things just to look at as you reflect on our full year. I think the positive is we're now comfortable saying we're going to be up modestly versus last year's $380 million. That is something we haven't had a comfort saying until now, but there were a couple things that have happened year-to-date that are not going to continue in Q4. So, we had a tax benefit of $10 million in the third quarter. We had some real estate joint venture income. And then, the newer development has just been with the staggered release of the new smartphones in the market. We had expected some pickup in Q4. We now think that's going to be more Q1 and the Q4 will look more like Q3 in terms of the trade-in activity in mobile. But I don't think – if you look at our health of our underlying businesses, we still feel good and we feel well-positioned for a profitable growth in 2018 and beyond.
Alan B. Colberg: Well, I think a couple things. It's important (23:34) to reflect on this year, we've had several new major clients that we've announced and added to our portfolio. I mentioned KDDI on this call. Every time we do that, in the short term, that actually impacts earnings negatively. They're spending to ramp up those programs, but if you look at those programs as we get into 2018, many of the ones we announced earlier this year and in this quarter will start to meaningfully contribute. So that, that I think is a good underlying health in our business. And then, just in terms of the shipments, I think it's well publicized. There're some delays and some timing issues related to some of the new smartphones. Doesn't change our ultimate benefit from those new smartphones eventually coming into our trade-in and buyback programs, but it just delays the timing into more early next year as opposed to more of a 2017 event.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. So, Mark, as we normally do, we'll give you a good perspective on 2018 with our fourth quarter earnings call in February. I think all I'm comfortable saying at this point is we feel well positioned to grow profitably next year.
Alan B. Colberg: All right, hearing no further questions this morning, first of all, I want to thank everyone for participating in today's call. We've continued to execute our transformation and remain confident that we are well-positioned for long-term outperformance. We look forward to updating you on our progress in February. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
