Alan Colberg: No, I think it is actually a very sticky business. If you look at that line of business over the last two or three years, we've renewed or early renewed almost all of the clients on occasion business does move. And as you saw in our prepared remarks, we did pick up two new clients that will begin to onboard as we move into Q3 and Q4. And the reason we've had such strong success has been our investments in both the customer experience as well as the client experience and making sure we're delivering a fully compliant product. But no, we feel good about LPI and are well positioned when the housing market does weaken.
Alan Colberg: And Brian, this is Alan. The one thing I would add is we're also excited that we were able to complete our expectation from the 2019 Investor Day with what we did in July and then the announcement of the quarterly dividend in Q3, we are now effectively done with that expectation and we can move on to returning the $900 million from premiums in orderly fashion as Richard just said.
Alan Colberg: Yes. It's effectively the same in Housing. We had a better Q1 loss experience than we would have expected, just some of the lingering impacts of the COVID and the lockdowns in various parts of the economy. But in Q2, we're more back to what we expected, and we expect that will continue the rest of the year.
Alan Colberg: Yes. What I would say is, first of all, we're very pleased, obviously, with the first half and second quarter, very strong. In fact, probably a little better than we'd expected going into the year. If you think about what could cause us to exceed our outlook. First of all, we're still confident that we're in that range. But it would be things that are less within our control like what happens with the loss ratio in the market or could there be some other impact from COVID and the delta variants. But with all that said, it's a really strong first half. In the second half of the year, even as we've guided to be lower than the first half, we still expect to grow strongly versus second half of 2020. And the business is performing well, and we continue to expect that looking to the future.
Alan Colberg: So for the new policies, it's obviously immediate. And when we place them for existing policies, it's on the renewal date. And these are annual policies. So it would happen on the renewal.
Alan Colberg: Yes. Maybe I'll start and talk a little bit about housing. And then, Keith, maybe you can add any more color on lifestyle. If you look at housing, our largest growth business is Multifamily Housing or our renters business. Arguably, in a market perspective, that was one of the most disruptive markets through COVID. But with that, we've still seen strong growth. So even with the disruption, even with the impacts on COVID, we've had a very strong growth in line with our long-term expectations in Multifamily. And driven in part by the strength of our partnerships, also driven by the launch of our new product, Cover360. If you looked at LPI, that business, as I mentioned earlier, is stable. We have a very strong base of customers and clients there. And if the economy weakens, we'll grow. So from a housing perspective, we've seen growth even through the disruption of COVID. And we would expect in a weaker market economy, we'll see growth, and we'll continue to see growth if the economy just chugs along. But that's housing, but let's go to Lifestyle, Keith.
Alan Colberg: Yes. And if I just elevate to an overall Assurant level, and I mentioned this in the prepared remarks, we are well positioned and expect to outperform no matter what the external environment is. And the COVID really again demonstrated that resiliency of our business model, driven by the great value that we're bringing to consumers around the world. And with that, I want to thank everyone for participating in today's call. With the close of the sale of Global Preneed and our strong year-to-date performance, we believe we're well positioned for the future. We'll update you on our progress on our third quarter earnings call in November. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Keith Demmings: Yes. It's Keith, maybe I'll jump in. Thanks for the question. Obviously, we continue to be pleased with the progress of the ramp of Sprint customers. As T-Mobile continues to ramp and migrate Sprint to T-Mob products and rate plans, we continue to see additional enrollments into our programs. I would say it's happening, as we would have expected, largely on track. And we talked about the renewal and extension of our relationship. We're clearly really excited about our long-term opportunities with T-Mobile. We've had a great track record working together for the last 8 years, innovating in the market, adding new products and services. And certainly, as we think about Sprint continuing to ramp over time, we're really excited about working together to grow the overall business.
Keith Demmings: Correct. Yes. So it's for the totality of T-Mobile's business as we move forward. We mentioned earlier, we're still negotiating the final details of the agreement. So more to come as we lock down some of the moving parts. In terms of economics, I'd probably make two points. First, I'd say that it's not uncommon for us to forgo some economics when we recontract with major clients. We recontract obviously, quite regularly, often think about the broader long-term potential of the relationships. The potential for additional volume and for offering new products and services over time. Specifically with respect to T-Mobile, given that the relationship continues to scale with significant volume from Sprint, we do expect to achieve lower per unit economics, but we expect that to be offset by significant volume growth and economies of scale within the overall programs. I would also say that we're well positioned as partners to help them introduce new products and services over time. We've had a great track record of expanding the services we provide over the last 8 years to continue to evolve to serve the consumer. And finally, I'd point out from a mobile perspective, we really are excited about our overall long-term potential to compete in this market across the value chain and from an efficiency point of view.
Keith Demmings: Sure. And I think we obviously saw favorability if we look back to Q2 of 2020. We've seen that normalize quite a bit as we look at the results in this quarter. So for the most part, losses have sort of come back to a more normalized level. There's still some moving parts, I would say, within international. As we look at COVID and various lockdowns and how things are progressing in different markets. But overall, we're at a much more normalized level from a loss ratio point of view.
Keith Demmings: Sure. And it's Keith, maybe I'll take that. I mean, overall, I would say we've seen healthy double-digit growth rates in car volumes from pre-pandemic levels. So yes, you're correct, a huge recovery in Q2 versus Q2 of last year. Obviously, Q2 of last year was quite depressed. This year was an incredible rebound. We saw a net written premium up 68% over the same quarter last year. But a lot of that is -- the depression last year and then a really strong quarter this year. If you look at it over 2019, which is sort of pre-pandemic normal, it was a 36% increase this year. So really, really strong. And yes, we're seeing strong attach rates in the business. We've seen a slight shift between new and used. So our new and used mix is normally around 50-50 or maybe 53% used today. Used tends to have slightly higher attach rates. Obviously, it earns a little bit quicker. We've seen our clients taking share through consolidation. We've seen clients expanding their used car operations, rolling out strong digital brands. So there's a lot of growth, I would say, within our core client base. And then certainly, we've added some new clients as well. But strong car sales, large clients that are gaining share and then winning some new deals in the market.
Keith Demmings: Yes. It's interesting. We kind of have offsetting effects there. So if you think about our premiums, it's driven by average insured value. So as house prices rise and we issue new policies, those are going to naturally be at a higher premium rate. So we're getting some positive benefit there. The offset is cost of claims will rise as well. And ultimately, we'll be able to reflect our experience in future rate filings. But if you put it all together, we don't think it's particularly material to our business. It may not be perfectly aligned quarter-to-quarter those effects, but over time, not material.
Keith Demmings: Yes. What I think you've seen over the last year or so is that our placement rate is roughly flat at this point, with really no significant trend up or down. And the good news is through the actions we've taken over the years, the business is in a really strong position. We're delivering great customer and client experiences. And if the -- it weakens, we will benefit and grow over time. So in terms of moratoriums and when they come off, if and when they do come off, we will see the impact with a lag. So even if they came off today broadly, which is -- there's still a lot to work through there and there'll be modifications and other things that will happen. We don't expect anything to happen in our placement rate this year, and where we could see an impact is when you get into 2022 and beyond. But I think the important takeaway on lender-placed is, we're still a clear market leader with a strong commitment to customer and client experience. And we will be there to partner with the world's leading U.S. as leading banks when the housing market weakens.
Keith Demmings: Maybe I'll take that one, Alan. So let me just clarify first the two buckets where we're making the investments or at least the most significant investments. So first we talked about is around same-day service and repair, this has been -- become a really important component of our value proposition. It's become more critical in the market demanded by clients, demanded by consumers and really improve the overall service experience. So we are going to be accelerating investments in the second half in terms of leadership personnel, in terms of technology and equipment. We're also working very hard to integrate our service delivery options seamlessly into the claims experience to really create a more dynamic claims process to give customers a better choice and options. That's, I think, critically important strategically for us. And I think we've got great advantages there today. So we're trying to accelerate those advantages in the market. That will drive revenue as we think about moving into 2022. We see this as a important opportunity to expand services with existing clients and also expand with new clients. In terms of the second bucket, I would say, operational investments that are focused on really the entire enterprise between both housing and lifestyle, investing more heavily in digital capabilities, self-service and automation. Think about things like digital sales and self-service portals, investing in our customer-facing applications integrating our communication channels, automating decisions around claims to make the process more efficient and more repeatable and then automating back-office tasks. We've got a fairly large project going across multiple lines of business and multiple geographies. And that will generate cost efficiency over time. But more than anything, it will create a much more seamless customer experience and I think make us that much more competitive in the market.
Keith Demmings: Yes, I would say that as they're moving customers on to T-Mobile product, T-Mobile REIT plans and services at that point, they're offering the customer the opportunity to enroll in insurance and effectively reenroll as they're enrolled today and that's automatically moving over to Assurant. So I would say, very typically, as that happens and as T-Mobile pushes more and more customers onto T-Mobile product, we're seeing the increase sort of one-for-one come through.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I would say the one thing to remember with the sub count is we did have a loss of client in Europe, a banking client for 750,000 subs. So that has moved down our sub count, which is why it's flat as we sit here today year-to-date, but we do expect it to be mid-single digits by the end of the year. And I would say largely the U.S. and Japan are driving the majority of that growth. And certainly, I think all of our clients in both markets are growing.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think it's more to do with the disruption last year. Q2 was depressed. We had some additional losses related to some travel products in a couple of our markets. I some travel products in a couple of our markets. I would say as we look at the results today, there are more normalized which we think is a good jumping off point. We certainly have ambitions to grow that business over time. We're excited about the work that our teams are doing around the world, but it's mainly due to the depression in results last year.
Keith Demmings: I think broadly, our teams have done an incredible job. We operate physical depots in many markets around the world. So making sure that we're able to perform essential services is critical, keeping our employees safe has been a priority. I think we've done a very good job of executing service. There's some parts disruption due to the chip shortages as we think about repairing devices. Our teams have done a really good job working with manufacturers to procure and acquire parts. Broadly speaking, we haven't seen much disruption to our business to date. Hopefully, that will continue as we move forward. But overall, this is a strength of Assurant. Supply chain is one of our key differentiators in the Connected Living business and really proud of the work the team has done.
Keith Demmings: I'd probably add that on the Lifestyle side, and particularly in Connected Living, we see really strong positive impacts from 5G. We talk a lot about our trade-in business. I would say trade-in is a really important part of our value proposition, something that our carrier partners lean quite heavily on to drive promotions in the market to try to get additional dollars in the hands of consumers to allow them to be able to upgrade to the latest 5G technology. We've seen obviously very aggressive promotions in that space, and we're supporting our clients scaling our operations. And I think doing an incredible job leveraging all of our acquisitions, think about Hyla, Alegre, all of our -- we've made several investments around trade-in capabilities. I think we've got a global market-leading position and this continues to be more important. We've seen dramatic increases in trade-ins in terms of volumes and promotional activity, but also the attach rates at point of sale and consumers' willingness and education about trade-ins has increased dramatically. So expect that to continue as we move forward in the year. Obviously hard to predict what will happen with COVID, but there's some pretty strong trends on mobile.
