Keith Demmings: Yes. Certainly, it's considered in the full year outlook. I would say not a material driver. There'll be some investments that we're making. We've been making already to this point in the year. That will continue as we kind of ramp the full scale of services. We'll also see volume and revenue start coming in as well. So that will typically be fairly well aligned in this case. So I would say fairly neutral this year. And then obviously, as we kind of build scale and ramp, it will become more meaningful as we look to '23 and beyond and really exciting opportunity for us.  If you think about the retail landscape in the United States, if you think about the opportunity to broadly serve the connected consumer in the future with bundled solutions around the connected home, this does give us a pretty material step change in terms of the scale of our services, particularly around the appliance side of the business. It's a disproportionate increase to our volume. And I think it will definitely bear fruit longer term, and we're really excited. And it's an important client. Certainly, it helps us protect the client, but really expanding our services and then making investments in our platforms that I think will support further growth longer term is what gets me most excited.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I mean I think we're seeing really strong results in the mobile business. If you look back over many years, it doesn't always show up in the subscriber count number. Now we've started to give devices service where you're seeing a fairly significant ramp in our trade-in volume, which has been true over the last several quarters. I think we are seeing underlying growth in our most mature markets. That's masked a little bit. So in North America, we're definitely seeing increases in our subscriber counts. That's true with our mobile partners in terms of mobile operators, but it's also true with the cable operators that we do business with for device protection. They're growing. They're achieving net adds every quarter in terms of postpaid customers. So we're definitely seeing growth there. Those are the most mature markets. And then that's kind of masked by a little bit more softness in some of our international markets and then some client runoff that's got a fairly limited economic impact overall. We're still seeing strong demand in the market for mobile devices. We're seeing a lot of carrier competition, carrier promotions. I think we're extremely well positioned with clients, both in terms of device protection, but then the breadth of clients we serve with respect to trade in, which has only grown over the last couple of years. So I feel like we're really well positioned, and there's still a tremendous amount of consumer demand. We'll see as the year progresses if that changes. But certainly, at this point, we feel really good about how we're positioned.
Keith Demmings: I was going to say, why don't you talk a little bit about some of the work that we're doing, Richard, and I'll talk more strategically.
Keith Demmings: Yes. The only thing I would add, I think the business that we're writing today, to Richard's point, the team has done a really good job modifying pricing, terminating certain partnerships that we didn't think were going to pay off long term and changing deal structures, changing the terms and conditions around the products. There's been a lot of good work done. The charges that you're seeing flow through for the most part relate to business that's since been modified through a lot of those actions that we've taken. I'd say the underlying profitability on the business we write today, new business that we're putting on the books is significantly better than the historical. So that's definitely a good thing. But the team is not happy overall with how this business is performing at the moment. So we're definitely looking at it very closely.  One of the strategic I guess in terms of the thesis with this business was not just giving us access to the gig economy, really fast-growing kind of emerging marketplace that we thought was really interesting, a place where we could innovate and develop some new distribution opportunities. We also thought there would be opportunities to provide additional coverages, like mobile protection, vehicle service contracts. Those are pretty important types of coverages for a gig economy worker, that hasn't materialized to this point. That was part of the strategic rationale and the thesis behind entering this marketplace. So obviously, we're evaluating whether those opportunities can exist for us in the future. So more work to be done. To Richard's point, we're not happy with the results. We're definitely going to be making sure this business is built to deliver the economics that we would expect based on the risk reward trade in the marketplace.
Keith Demmings: Sure. And you're right, there's definitely seasonality. We tend to see a fairly significant Q4 related to devices service. We also tend to see strength in Q1. As we look at devices, iconic devices launched in the back half of the year, that obviously leads into a lot more activity in terms of customers trading in old devices in the fourth quarter to try and get the new devices that are being actively marketed in the marketplace. We tend to see that spill over into Q1 as well.  And then it really is a function of the promotional activity that the carriers are doing in the market. So if you think about all of our global partners that offer trade-in programs as they're being more aggressive with trade-in offers to try and get consumers into the latest technology and which is particularly true today with the push for 5G. That is ultimately what drives -- the seasonality is those promotions that are driven by the carriers.  So we saw strong activity in Q1. I expect we'll continue to see strength as we go through the year. But you're correct. We tend to see a really strong first quarter, a really strong fourth quarter. And then we'll see what happens with respect to the promotions as we go through the year. And obviously, we'll see what also happens with consumer demand and other factors that our partners are trying to navigate as well.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I mean, first of all, I'm really happy with the overall performance of the auto business, and it was a particularly strong first quarter, not just in terms of the ultimate profitability of the business as we look at the EBITDA growth that we were able to deliver. But also just in terms of the performance on a net written premium basis, if you look at revenue was up 9%, net written premium was up 4%, and that's dealing with Q1 auto sales this year, which were down 12% versus Q1 last year. So I would say that our team is outperforming the underlying results within the auto industry in terms of car sales.  So I think that's really positive. That's a testament to the I think the breadth of our client partnerships, the fact that we've got really, really well diversified distribution channels and our partners are being successful in the market, and they're gaining share. So that's helped us significantly. And our teams are also expanding our own market share just because of the scale and breadth of our offering. So feel really good about automotive broadly. Covered vehicles is relatively flat, as you mentioned right now, but we are seeing underlying growth in net written premium, which to me is a really good sign. And we'll see what happens with the auto industry. I certainly expect, at some point, there's a lot of pent-up demand for new vehicles. And as new vehicles become more readily available, obviously, we'll start to see the benefits of that flowing through on the new vehicle side. That will probably alleviate some of the pricing pressure on the used car market. Used car markets are extremely elevated right now and that too should normalize. So -- but again, I feel like there's definitely upside in this business over time, particularly as we look at interest rates today. We had favorability in the quarter, both from interest rates as well as from the underlying performance and growth of the business. And certainly, that's an opportunity as we look forward.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I think we -- first of all, we really like the renters business. We've got a strong market position. We cover 2.6 million renters. So we've got a really nice market share as well, and it's been growing historically over time. And the renters market has also been growing. If we look back just because of attach rates improving historically. So I really like the position that we're in. You're correct. We saw a little bit slower growth in the quarter. Slower growth from some of our affinity partners offset, I would say, by really favorable strong growth within the PMC channel. We've talked before about the success we're having with Cover360 with our property management partners, where we've got just a more much more integrated solution into the buy flow with better digital access. Premiums for renters are collected as part of the rent. So there's a lot more opportunity for us to continue to grow in that market as we scale that solution and as more clients adopt it. So I do expect this business to drive long-term growth. It's a key focus. We continue to look for ways to differentiate our solutions and then broaden distribution, and that's going to be a key focus for the team as we move through the year.
Keith Demmings: Yes, maybe I'll offer a couple of thoughts, and then Richard, feel free to chip in. But we've talked about it being 12% of the specialty line. I'd say $50 million to $60 million a year in net earned premium in terms of the size and scale of that business today operates across multiple clients, primarily in food delivery. If I look at the P&L over the lifetime of the business, I'd say it's relatively neutral. It's not been a big drag in terms of losing money. We look at the inception to date, profitability of the business. Forget about quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year changes, is this business making money. So pretty marginal at this point overall. But as we talked about, that's absorbing the learnings, the investment to scale the business, early losses as we sort of had to learn the market as the market was being created. So not a terrible result and it's something that we built and incubated. And I think our team has done a really good job. It's a really well diversified mix of business. There's a lot more protections in how that product and how the programs are structured today. We've built a lot of expertise around managing the claims and integrating with our partners. And then obviously, there's a lot of complexity in this business. So I think from that perspective, it's worked in terms of what can this mean for us going forward? How large can it be? Can we get the strategic value out to your point, that's something that we've got to continue to work on and making sure we can define that. But it's not a big drain in terms of the actual P&L effect that we're feeling. It's just not hitting the hurdle rates that we'd expect at this point, 5 years into learning this part of the market. And Richard, feel free to add anything else.
Keith Demmings: Yes, maybe I'll offer a couple of thoughts. We -- and there's a few moving pieces, but I would say if we look at -- the first thing to underscore is that for the vast majority of the business we're -- either we're risk sharing or reinsuring or we're profit sharing back with partners. So we're not on the majority of the risk, and we've talked about that, historically. And then where we are on risk, there are some interesting things that are happening. If I think about the auto business, we write some gap insurance.  And obviously, with used car values at all-time highs, the GAAP losses have been dramatically lower as you think about the depreciated value of the used car is much higher today than it would have been under normal circumstances. So that's creating some favorability. That normalizes over time, I would say, is the used car market moderates. And when will that happen, it's hard to know, right? Because it's all connected with more broadly the supply chain issues that are creating that situation.  And then in terms of the mobile side, we had a little bit of elevated losses if you look back to Q1 of '21. When you think about some of the business where we actually are on the risk, a little bit more elevated losses last year due to just some parts availability pressure in that business. Our teams have done an incredibly good job buying inventory, maintaining inventory to make sure that we're able to deal with our claims efficiently. You've got, obviously, as product continues to roll out in the market in terms of new devices, the quality of those devices continues to improve, which is also helpful. And we've just seen some underlying strength in our ability to manage loss costs around that mobile experience. We're doing a lot more repair as well. So there are several factors at play. Again, most of that accrues to the benefit of our partners because of the deal structures. But for those where we are on the risk on balance, we've been really pleased with how the team has performed.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I would say, first of all, we're thrilled with everything that we've done with T-Mobile as we look back over the last several months, the migration of the Sprint customers went incredibly well, and we're really proud of the work that we've done there. And then the build-out of same unit repair in the T-Mobile stores. Again, a lot of that work happened in Q4. We had to recruit technicians. We had to train. We had to develop all of our technology interfaces, all of our inventory management solutions, all of that work to stand that up and was largely done by the end of 2021. And as we look at Q1, I would say, relatively neutral effect overall in terms of the P&L.  So there's some ongoing investments, a little bit less about new store scaling and more about refining process, refining platforms, investing in the underlying technology and then just trying to make sure that we're evolving how we execute and deliver value to end consumers in partnership with T-Mobile. And that will never stop, right? We'll always be looking to invest to improve. And we're seeing incredible Net Promoter Scores. I would say we had a really, really high NPS prior to same unit repair. It's taken it to another level, and it's pretty exciting to see the favorable reactions we're getting from the customers. And obviously, that's reflecting well on T-Mobile and their brand. So -- but relatively neutral in the quarter and expect that to improve as we go through the year and as we reach a more mature and steady state with the solution. But you couldn't be prouder of the work that the team has done and the actual results that are being delivered to the end customer.
Keith Demmings: Sure. Yes. And obviously, when you look year-over-year, it's a big step change because of Sprint, and we've talked about the importance of that relationship. But you're right, in terms of the underlying subscriber growth, we're seeing the U.S. market continue to drive growth. It's masked in the numbers because, obviously, we're showing a global total. But we are seeing fundamental growth there, expect that to continue as we move quarter to quarter to quarter. So that's -- and as I referenced earlier, both in terms of mobile operators, but also our cable partners as well, who are having success and doing well with respect to offering our services to end consumers. So that will continue. A little bit of softness in some of the international markets where things have been a little bit slower to open up from COVID, not a big economic concern. Obviously, it shows up in the numbers in terms of accounts, but not a massive impact from an economic point of view. And then we had a client that we talked about last year that had runoff, again, not material economically. So I have no concerns with respect when I look at where we are for mobile devices protected. I think what's important is we're building deeper and deeper relationships with some incredible global partners. And the deeper those relationships get, the more services we provide, the more we can help solve problems and innovate to deliver value, and that's what gets us really excited. There's a lot of great momentum in the market. Our teams are really, really integrated, and we're passionate about serving clients, solving problems and delivering for end consumers. And I think that's the game that we're trying to win over the long term.
Keith Demmings: Yes, I definitely think there are opportunities to expand. I think scale, and I've talked about this previously, scale is important, right? And I think this relationship will give us a tremendous increase to our scale. It's quite material in terms of what it means for our ability to deliver customer service to manage a third-party repair network and then to make the underlying investments I think that will happen quickly. And I think we will have opportunities to drive growth, both in new and interesting ways with this partner, who is significant and always trying to innovate around the customer, but also as we think about the capabilities and the foundation that we continue to build, how do we then leverage that foundation. And I would say that foundation will get built and scaled fairly quickly. It won't be 3 or 4 years from now, we'll finally have solution that then is really relevant in the market. That relevance will emerge fairly quickly.
Keith Demmings: Yes. So no doubt, as we look at Q1, we saw some effects from FX. We expect that to continue as we look towards the rest of the year. Luckily, as Richard has talked about, we're pretty resilient. There are a number of pluses and minuses as we look at more broadly, inflation macroeconomic factors, interest rates. So we feel like we're well positioned. But there's definitely we'll see some effect from FX. Think about Europe and Japan, as good examples, where we'll expect to see that. I do think we've got great momentum around the world. I mean our international footprint has continued to mature over the last many years. We haven't expanded into new countries. We've really focused on how do we gain relevance and scale within the key markets that we want to be in. And I think our teams are doing a great job. Our services, our solutions, we continue to deploy them on a global basis. So as we build services like you think about it an easy example like same unit repair or premium technical support or trade in, those services are relevant everywhere in the world. They may be more relevant in a certain market today and 2 years from now, that trend catches up in another part of the world. So I think that's one of the powers of operating as a global business. It's allowed us to build things once, build them in a standard way, build kind of global platforms that we can scale and then deploy those internationally. And we've got some incredible clients around the world. I'm so proud of what our international team has done, and I think there's lots and lots of opportunities.  And today, it's mobile. Connected Living is the biggest part of international. We've got through the acquisition of TWG, much more automotive going on in various parts of the world. And as we continue to find the other relevant parts of Assurant to export to take advantage of our biggest markets, I think that will create longer-term tailwinds for us. But certainly, in the short term, FX is a challenge.
Keith Demmings: Yes. I would say, in simple terms, our REO volume is down significantly. It's probably 1/3 of what it would have been pre-pandemic roughly in that order of magnitude. I'd say we've seen it stabilize in terms of volume in the first quarter. I would expect that to slowly increase over time as properties enter foreclosure later in the year. So I definitely see that growing over time. Obviously, there's a ton of strength in the housing market. Our partners are working closely with customers in terms of loss mitigation activity. There's a lot of equity still in the homes for customers. There's a lot of opportunity for mortgage servicers to work with customers. So that will take some time to normalize. But certainly, it's dramatically lower than pre-pandemic, and we'd expect things to normalize over a reasonable period of time over the next couple of years, I would say.
Keith Demmings: All right. Well, thank you again, everyone. And I would just like to close by saying we're really pleased with our first quarter performance. I certainly look forward to updating everyone on our second quarter results in August. And then in the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. But thank you very much, and have a great day.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. No, I think the EBITDA margin, to a certain extent, it's a reflection of the mix of business that we have, Gary. I think that as we go, when we become more fee-based as we've talked about, you're going to get naturally as opposed to putting it over premiums or gross premiums. You're going to have that margin naturally improve. Keith talked earlier about kind of the mix of products and the fact that we do have clients with more fee-based services. So that definitely is a positive for us. And also, I guess, the bottom line too is Lifestyle had a very good quarter overall in terms of profitability. And that obviously then translates into the margin as well, which helps.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Thanks for the question, Mark. I mean definitely, the increase in interest rates is a positive thing for us, both long term and short term. So we are benefiting from that, and we'll continue to benefit from that as kind of the book rolls through, so to speak, and the assets come to maturity. So very, very positive news for us.  I would say -- in terms of your question on run rate, I wouldn't necessarily take this as a run rate because in this quarter, let's say, we're up about $8 million over the prior year quarter. That's coming part from some real estate gains. So part from interest rates and investment income coming from the fixed income book, but also part from real estate gains. We had a few million dollars of real estate gains in there, just a little under 5, I would say. So part of that, I would consider a little bit of a one-timer. But the rest of it is good news and hopefully a harbinger of things to come as interest rates continue to stay at an elevated level and even increase as we've seen over the last couple of months.
Richard Dziadzio: No. I think your last comment is the one I would underscore for Tommy, which is it was a business that we started 5 years ago as an incubator to innovate and see if there was a part to get into the gig economy that way and see that. Over time, with 5 years, the overall profitability, I would say, has been fairly neutral for us. The new contracts that we have in place are profitable. And so that's what we're going to dive into is to say, okay, well, do we have something here that we can build upon? Or is this a business that we need to change drastically? So that's what we're deep diving, as Keith said, to do and really to understand it. So overall, for this year, given the results of the first quarter, I wouldn't think it would be a positive or a negative to the rest of the year, right, in terms of the outlook that we have out there. So some work to do there, Tommy.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I think that's exactly right. I don't think there will be a threshold moment per se. And a lot of the leverage that we're getting today is based on projects that have already been launched, that already were doing. So we're going to continuously, as Keith said, gets leverage out of it. And where I see some good leverage coming out is coming back to your previous question, Grace on REO, as we get more revenues out of that as revenues grow overall in lender-placed, we should hopefully get some leverage out of the expenses as well. Knowing, of course, that over time, it's more of a revenue and top line issue as opposed to just pure expenses because, obviously, we have rate filings to do. And over the longer term, that will balance itself out. But we do see over the short term that expenses and the leverage we're creating will really be helpful to us.
