Alan B. Colberg: Thanks, Rob, and good morning, everyone. We've been fortunate to have great stability with only 3 CEOs in the nearly 40-year history of Assurant. I am honored to succeed Rob as the fourth CEO. Rob has set the tone and embodied the values and culture of Assurant. He's been instrumental in building the successful Fortune 500 Company Assurant is today. As Rob prepares to retire, our company is in a strong position competitively and financially. On behalf of our 17,500 employees, I want to thank Rob for his leadership, his many contributions and to wish him the very best in his retirement. Looking ahead, I believe we can build an even stronger Assurant for the future. We remain committed to our aspiration of outperformance; for our customers, with products and services that meet their needs; for our employees, to be part of a great place to work; and for our shareholders, as we achieve top quartile performance against our peer group over time. We are a company with a long history of adapting to external change, and we will continue to do so even as the environment rapidly evolves. My confidence is bolstered by the dedication and deep experience of our senior management team. Together, we will focus on 3 key priorities as we strive for outperformance. First, we will live our purpose to help protect what matters most to our customers. Second, we will understand consumers and clients' needs and innovate in the ways we serve them. And third, we will deliver profitable growth. We have strong momentum today. As we emphasized during Investor Day, we will capitalize on macro trends to grow earnings long term. We will do so by meeting customer needs around their risk events, whether through specialty insurance products or related services. This will require us to innovate faster around end consumer needs to drive organic growth. At the same time, we must ensure operational excellence to become more efficient while also delivering outstanding customer experiences. Finally, we are committed to maintaining our track record of disciplined capital management by balancing organic growth, potential acquisitions and return of capital to shareholders to create value. In the next several weeks, I'll have the opportunity to visit with many of you, and I look forward to it. With that, I'll now turn to Chris for more detailed comments on our third quarter results and outlook.
Alan B. Colberg: Yes. And John, let me add a couple of thoughts on kind of the future of Health. I think the important thing I would say is we're confident in the future of Health. If you look at the market, obviously, PPACA has created short-term disruption, but it creates long-term opportunities for us to continue to do what we've always done, which is adapt. And we have a strong track record in that business of being able to adapt and make very good margins. And when we look at 2015, we are confident results are going to improve, as a part because of the pricing actions that we just discussed, in part because of some plan design changes that we've made. And then we have continued the expense management discipline that has been a hallmark of the last few years, combined that with some additional scale as we expand distribution. And we feel results will be improving in 2015.
Alan B. Colberg: Yes, thanks, Rob. And Mark, the way we've thought about this is thinking about where do we have macro trends in our businesses, that if we could get more resources appropriately against those trends, we could create long-term shareholder value. One of those trends is this evolution from employers paying for benefits to employees paying for benefits. Very similar to what happened in pensions, with defined benefit moving to defined contribution. We've seen the same thing developing in the voluntary space or in the work site space. So as Rob said, we've been investing against that for years. And I think we feel like we are out ahead of most of our competitors with capabilities, with distribution. And it also creates an interesting opportunity as we think about the announcement of Adam sitting on top of both Health and Benefits. Although those remain separate companies and we intend to operate them as separate companies, thinking about how we leverage some of those capabilities for our Health products is another interesting lever. So we're quite excited about that business. Our team in Benefits has a long track record of outperforming and growing that business. And I think you'll see us continuing to invest behind voluntary.
Alan B. Colberg: Yes, let me start, John. Our strategy on capital management is going to be unchanged. We're going to continue the approach that we've taken of kind of a balanced deployment of capital, looking at the best opportunities between returning capital to shareholders, investing in organic growth and, as appropriate, where the hurdle rates are met, selectively augmenting our capabilities or distribution with M&A. That's going to be unchanged. And I think you'll see us doing that. Really, what we're trying to do over time is create shareholder value through that combination of capital management. We're looking to grow the earnings. We are actively managing our resources and businesses as you've seen with the -- both the acquisitions and the divestitures in the recent quarter. We continue to invest selectively in capabilities. And so all of that brings us to what we're really focused on as we do this. And I'll ask Chris in a minute to talk about how we thought about M&A in that context of the overall capital management, is creating value through that disciplined capital management. To answer your question more directly, we're not going to set a specific number. We're going to continuously look at the market, look at the opportunities and make the right decisions to create shareholder value. But Chris, maybe you can talk a little bit about M&A in the context of that overall capital management.
John M. Nadel: They got Nadel and Agee right. Question for you on -- maybe a couple of questions around Health to start. And that is, I guess, can you give us any sense yet -- maybe you've gotten some state approvals already on rates -- on rate increases, but can you give us some help on understanding the magnitude of the rate increases, particularly those that you've already gotten approval on? What's that process entail? I mean, when will you know finally what your rates are going to be for new business starting January 2015? And whether it's -- based on your current assumptions, you're going to get to a point where it's sufficient to reverse this margin issue.
John M. Nadel: And I think maybe just as a follow-up to that point. If you think about the assumptions that go into figuring out what kind of rate you need to get back to your targeted margins, I guess at what point in time did you really start filing these rate increases? Because it seems -- and maybe I'm wrong on this, but it sure seems like the negative performance of the ACA piece of the block really has -- I mean, maybe it started to show up much earlier this year, but it's really showing up in your GAAP earnings this quarter. So...
John M. Nadel: And then just -- listen, I appreciate all those comments, right? I mean, and there's probably going to be a little bit of show me here to make sure that what's going through is going to really reverse this. And if I think about -- maybe just last question on Health is this. If you're assumptions are right and your pricing is right, is 2015 a year for Health, where you're getting toward your targeted margins? Or is it a transition year on the path toward those targeted margins? I don't know if I'm phrasing that quite well.
John M. Nadel: I may do this a few times. The -- I guess 2 quick ones. One, I think Chris, you said that, that subscriber number was up 20%. I just wasn't sure if it was on a year-over-year basis versus third quarter '13 or if that's a sequential growth rate.
John M. Nadel: Okay. All right. I can do that. And then I guess a bigger picture question. Alan, I suppose as you're taking over, maybe I'd prefer to direct it to you, no disrespect to Rob or Chris.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. Sure. So let me just start, John, a little bit looking back when we -- the whole Affordable Care Act was passed. And we set and embarked on a strategy around affordability and choice, okay? And as we looked at things, the first question we needed to know was, was that going to resonate? I think that, that proved, indeed, to be the case with our sales last year. And we also knew that 2014 was going to be a bumpy year because you just had a lot of discontinuous change going on. Our results were disappointed, but they're almost entirely explainable by what happened with extenders, which we've talked about a little bit. Because we can split our experience up and realize what's happened there. Now to your question on the rate increase side, we've been filing rate increases. They're going to be reflecting that new risk pool. And the good news is we've received approval in almost all states. There's a few that are still left, but they're substantial. They vary based on geography and location. But we're very confident they're going to meet what we need to make this business profitable in 2015.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So let me start and then I think Alan might have a few comments to add. But we started filing in June. And if you think about what I mentioned earlier on our strategy, first thing we needed to prove was we could sell. Boy, we were able to prove that in 2014. We sold off exchange, sold plenty of it. But when we looked toward 2015 and as we saw experience emerge, we realize we needed more rate. And so we took aggressive action. But we've gotten our expenses down, we've gotten the scale, okay, in the business and now we're into refinements, which is right in our wheelhouse of what we're good at.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So I think that what we've pointed out in the past, John, is it would take a few years to get to our ultimate goals. But you're going to see substantial progress next year and results getting better. I get you on show me because we've had the same discussions with Health and they've been able to demonstrate. And we can look and understand that extender impact on our business in some detail, which give us confidence.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So we're participating in 2 of the 3 mitigation Rs, if you will. Reinsurance, we've got that one pretty well understood, and it's just going to be a function of how the government decides to coinsure reimburse, whether it's going to be 80% or something higher. But we have all those claims identified and feel very good about it. We're just waiting for them to make a final determination on how they're going to distribute the money they've collected. On the risk adjuster, a little bit different, okay, because this is a need to compile up -- we know what our business looks like from a risk score, but it's not just that. It's our risk adjustment compared to the overall market. So you need an aggregation of all that data. And if you look this quarter, there were obviously a lot more experience brought into that. We thought our business was -- had a higher risk adjuster score than it ultimately has. And the reason it doesn't is, again, the overall pool was a little worse than we anticipated.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, this is a marketplace that's always been quite competitive, and there have been a lot of players there. We feel very good about our position based on how we've built our platform and operate. So we can't really comment on any particulars on who may enter or in the past, we've seen people leave the market. We feel very good about our position.
Robert B. Pollock: Actually, a lot of it is around enrollment and administration and making sure things that sound rather simple, like getting the bills right, sounds easy, does hard when you've got changes in employment going on. So what -- the employer is going to research the company and endorse it. But then, boy, you got to execute because they cannot afford to have issues around payroll.
Robert B. Pollock: So I think what we've talked about, John, is about $80 million of premium annually, with roughly an 8% placement rate.
Robert B. Pollock: As we close the call, I want to take a moment to thank my Assurant colleagues for their dedication. They make Assurant a special place to work. I also want to thank the investment community and investors for their time and interest in Assurant. As always, you can reach out to Francesca, Suzanne and Gesue [ph] with any follow-up questions.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes. Sean, yes, I think, I mean, the aggregate number for this quarter is $25 million globally. Now that's up 20% from the previous quarter. So there's significant growth in the business, again, validating our view that this is a targeted growth area for us. But I think as Rob points out, our interaction with those subscribers differs by client, by region, et cetera. But in aggregate, a 20% increase for a quarter-over-quarter.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes, Sean, it's Chris. I think, longer term, the outlook for the Property business in lender-placed is really about market forces, decline in the placement rate, lower premiums. It's really -- and all of which we factored into our forecast. Now having said that, we're not waiting around for that to happen, but we're looking to diversify the revenue sources, leveraging our role as a trusted adviser in the mortgage space, moving into a mortgage value chain, broadening our offerings, et cetera. So again, which we look for that to be in 2015, a $250-plus million source of fee income for us. So we -- again, the forces are going to create a normalization of the lender-placed business. We've factored that in. We still think it's going to be an attractive business, 20% returns, still a Specialty business for us and then leveraging that into these newer sources of fee income.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes, John, and again, to Alan's first point, the strategy is unchanged. And going forward, it -- we've always felt it was a combination of growth in NOI and returning capital to shareholders and growing per share -- NOI per share book value, et cetera, that was going to create long-term value. If you think about the last 5 years of activity, there's been consistency there. The key difference being the discipline around recognizing that the shares were significantly underpriced, and therefore, share repurchase was, in many ways, the only prudent use of deployable capital. The last 2 years, that's changed. We've moved closer to share -- to fair value on the share price but still believe it's attractive. And Alan's point again around discipline, if the -- deployable capital position, it will ebb and flow over time. I think the key here is we continue to generate cash from the operating companies, and that cash-generating power is our -- one of our biggest assets. And the goal is to take that asset and grow more cash flow. So again, I think -- and I think we've been consistent in the last 2 years around this combination in terms of returning it to shareholders and deploying it via M&A or organically. The one thing you comment on a special dividend, don't see that as a possibility. We think that -- we believe in -- that our shares are undervalued. So and prefer to be in the market consistently with respect to share purchase.
