Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Good morning. I guess first question in terms of the outlook for top line at property. I mean, you note slight increase, but you talk about a few potential factors around placement rates, premium rates. I’m curious if you factor in – or what changes you factor in related to those with the slight uptick for top line growth?Rob Pollock – President & CEO:  Yes. So, I’ll start and then I’ll let Mike add some collar. Obviously the movement in loan portfolios is driving our top line growth, Chris. And, you know, as Mike pointed out we already know we’ve got another portfolio coming in in the first quarter. I’ll let Mike talk about the mechanics of how different portfolios can come in, but this is driving things, I think it fits in very well with our strategy of being aligned with market leaders. And, you know, we think we’re well positioned as portfolios continue to move around. So, you know, despite that overall inventory of mortgage loans being down, we are growing. Mike, do you want to…
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Understood. And then does – the premium rate changes, does it contemplate anything beyond what we know from California?Rob Pollock – President & CEO:   Not specifically. You know, as I said we would certainly if we, you know, get future things that would meaningfully impact our forecast, we’ll give you an update. But I certainly reflect the new product we’ve rolled out that Mike mentioned, and you know, that – we’ve certainly made assumptions on what might happen there related to servicers making decisions around deductibles, or coverage amounts, Chris.
Chris Giovanni – Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then last one; I guess last quarter and some prior quarters, you’ve given some insight into share repurchases through the first few weeks of the given quarter. Wondering if you could give us an update for 1Q to date?Rob Pollock – President & CEO: Sure, let me just start and I’ll turn it over to Chris who can provide all the details. But, one of the big things is, you know, we mentioned we didn’t implement a new repurchase program, because we were blacked out, Chris. And, you know, that blackout will remain in effect through next – sometimes next week I guess, just because of the earnings blackout. I think more important, is to think about, you know, if you sit and look at our business, our businesses generate a lot of free cash flow, and I think we have a history of prudent capital management. And I’m going to let Chris talk a little bit about, you know, just how all that comes together.Chris Pagano – Chief Investment Officer & Treasurer:  I think, and again, the fourth quarter situation notwithstanding, there’s – absolutely nothing’s changed with our respect to capital management. We continue to execute on our priorities, capitalizing the existing businesses, looking to deploy capital in profitable growth opportunities either organically or through acquisition. And then, return capital to shareholders there through dividends of share repurchase. We continue to believe the shares are undervalued, and that share purchase is a prudent use of deployable capital. And as we begin 2013, we feel very good about our ability to execute on those priorities, $530 million of deployable capital. As Mike mentioned, early estimates are that we’ll be able to dividend operating earnings up to the holding company throughout the course of the year.  And also the ability if we need to on an opportunistic basis access the debt markets in something in the $300 to $400 million if that presented itself. So, we feel very good about our flexibility, but again, most importantly long-term nothing’s changed about capital – our view on capital management and its role in creating long-term shareholder value.
Mike Peninger – CFO: Yes. I’ll just add a couple things. I mean, we’ve announced several loan portfolio additions over the course of 2012, and then the ones that come in – that I mentioned coming in this quarter, you know, when you get the flat cancel business that, you know, sort of immediately comes on to your books and drives up written premiums in a particular quarter.  Other portfolios, and we had some, I think earlier in 2012 we had 1 million loan portfolios, and another 2 million, and those are coming at renewal. So, those gradually build up over time. So, we try to factor all those things going on, and then make reasonable assumptions about the other factors that drive the growth.Rob Pollock – President & CEO: And there’s just a great, as you know, variability depending on the portfolio, because some of the ones Mike mentioned had a placement rate of about 1% obviously, you know, higher quality loan portfolios. Placement rate of some of the others are quite a bit higher.
Mike Peninger – CFO: And I’ll just reiterate, the growth in our placement rate was, as Rob said, driven by the changing composition.
Mike Peninger – CFO: I’ll start, and maybe Rob can [inaudible] if he wants. I think, sort of a business-by-business story, Chris, and we’re constantly working that. And you know, at [inaudible] for example, probably a notable example, where we’ve been working at it for a couple of years. We’ve got some of the easier things, and then as you farther, you get into a more complicated changes like simplifying the systems environment et cetera.  In property, you know, they’ve had cost driven by the substantial growth that they’ve had to, you know, add staff to handle that and maintain the customer service levels. So, now you know, they’re working, their still getting that kind of growth and you know this helps some dampen the impact of that. They’re also investing in their systems and looking for opportunities to become more efficient. And then in Solutions, you know, I think there they took some actions in the fourth quarter. They continue to look for opportunities to streamline their business too. But I think you really have to look at the expense story as an over – a business- by-business on.Rob Pollock – President & CEO: I think that’s right. And, you know, I guess what I’d add is, that movement of resources to the important areas and away from things that, you know, for instance that Domestic Credit Business. We know that business is going away, we took a lot of expenses out in the fourth quarter, okay. And, you know, we want to make sure we’re putting our resources on the best opportunities.
Mike Peninger – CFO: Yes, and I think – I guess another couple of examples there is in benefits for example, where they’ve essentially taken resources out of that traditional employer paid business, and moved them into the voluntary business. In Solutions, you know, I commented on some of the expenses we incurred in the quarter to build out our technology platform, and (VFC) and in Mobile. And so we’re trying to fund some of those things by, as Rob said, redeploying resources from other areas in the company too.
Mike Peninger – CFO: Yes, I’d agree with that. You know, we look at our experience sort of client-by-client in the service contract. And, you know, we had a handful of clients that had, as Rob said; we saw some ticks-up in their loss ratio.  But, part of managing this business is to, you know, look at the loss experience as it emerges, and you know, have regular dialogue with the clients, and implement corrective actions when we see things going off track. So, that’s sort of the process we’re going through now.Rob Pollock – President & CEO: And then on the capital deployment front, you know, I think Chris summarized well that, you know, there’s no difference in how we’re looking at things, but I’ll let him expand on how we view our capital and deploy it.Chris Pagano – Chief Investment Officer & Treasurer:  Yes, I think the key to capital deployment and the various uses of our deployable capital is discipline. And we have certain targeted growth areas in each of the segments where we look to – are looking at opportunities on a regular basis. We have specific hurdle rates by business, depending on the risk profile of the opportunity. And then, again, when the opportunities are not there, we are willing and have demonstrated the ability to, and the willingness to return capital to shareholders. We’ve, you know, returned about 1.5 billion over the last three years in the form or share repurchase, another 200 million of dividends.  So, again, I think that’s an indication of our discipline here. We look at a lot of deals. The pipeline is active. We are regularly sourcing, having conversations about growth opportunities, regularly sourcing, having conversations about growth opportunities, but absent those opportunities meeting our financial requirements, we are going to return the capital to shareholders.
Rob Pollock: Yep, okay. I think, first, John, rating is a state-by-state process, and it is based on A, our experience and what we expect is going to be an indication of experience moving forward. So I think that is quite important. Second, as Mike mentioned, we know that our risk profile is increasing. We just looked at our storm activity this year where we are going to have severe, but infrequent events and we have got to make sure that our premiums reflect that. That being said, our next-generation product provides a lot of flexibility to allow premium rates to be lower and that can come from a majority of different factors. Again, I go back to the other comment Mike made, we understand that returns will be attractive in the business but they are going to be lower, which I think is a reflection of the issue that you have raised that we are trying to be responsive to.  So, saying all of that, we have the capability and expertise that are winning business in a market that overall, probably is declining. So I think that is just indicative of the model that we have.
Rob Pollock: Remember, John, we talk to these guys all of the time, okay because they are looking at how the programs work, we have capabilities. There are a lot of technical points around how these programs work. We have been in, we have talked to them and we talk to them regularly. We think we have that new program that we have talked about, our next-generation product - that can respond to many, many of the issues being raised in the market.
Rob Pollock: Well, first, the first is obviously the case that if they choose to have deductibles higher, things can change; they can change coverage amount. But remember in that next-generation product, we are introducing some more sophistication, so there is different geographic ratings. What that would imply is that there are some geographic areas things may go up a little, but others they are going to go down; it is all dependant on the particulars, John.
Rob Pollock: One last one that I would add on healthcare that Mike has mentioned in the past, is that the provisions - and Mike talked about this around non-deductibility of expenses, John, will be another contributor to healthcare results being challenged next year.
Rob Pollock: Off the top of my head, no, but again it is something we could look at. It is very complicated. Mike mentioned these 400 different calculations, and just in the fourth quarter, you get things moving over and under that target medical loss ratio, it can suddenly have you putting up a rebate that you had not anticipated.
Rob Pollock: Yep. First, I just go back and look at the progress we have made over the last several years, which the overall ROE has improved within solutions, and we think that we have outlined a pathway to get there. So, we have that combination of the growth, we have embedded business on the books that will earn out, that we think we have aligned the site on the profitability, so that will be one. You are going to see us continue to manage expenses; that would be a second way we will get there. Third, we are always looking for capital efficiency, and will continue to try to do that. So, I think it is going to be all of these factors and combination helping us get there.
Rob Pollock: First, I think if you look at the numbers that we have put out, I think the corporate level expenses are rather flat, year over year, maybe up a couple million. Obviously, there is a number of things related to just being a public company, but in addition to that, we trying to fund some small incubation and growth initiatives, such as solar etc. that we might bring out to others. I think that is really the driver in any increase, Mark, is really those investments to help fund the growth. We are trying to look at some different opportunities - solar is one example that we have talked a little a bit about, but we are seating a certain amount of experiments around the company and each of the businesses to try to look for more opportunities in the market, and we think that is a prudent use of a relatively modest amount of capital to help keep fuel for future growth.
Rob Pollock: That is kind of what we talked about in the prior question, Mark. The rate assumptions in the guidance are sort of state by state, reflecting experience, and then also combined with expected growth in the loan portfolio, but no overall average - down five, down seven, down three, no overall, overriding kind of outlook.
Rob Pollock: Well, you know, first we don’t speculate, but you know, again, I think our next-generation product addresses a multitude of uses that can help any of the GSEs get lower premiums if that’s their choice. And the flexibility around that and being able to – remember, the servicers are our client. We can provide the servicer with infinite flexibility on how they deal with that portfolio of theirs that can produce lower premiums on GSE loans, depending on the particulars. 
Rob Pollock: Well, that’s right. We do expect it to go down and, you know, I think what we looked at overtime was returning to levels we’ve seen in the ‘06/’07 timeframe. Now, again, that was our best thinking at the time. We also know, however, it’s going to fluctuate, you can see that in the portfolios we’ve brought on the books.  I think another important trend that we’ve tried to outline is, you know, we also think that placement rate is being impacted as voluntary carriers are leaving the more cat-prone areas. So we don’t have a full clear line of sight on that yet, but we’re working on it and we know that, you know, our placement, as Mike mentioned, is going up in the more cat-prone areas. 
Rob Pollock: I mean, we’re going to get – our reported overall loss ratio is going to be a blend of MLR products and non-MLR products. Steven Schwartz – Raymond James and Associates: Okay. That’s what I wanted to know. Thank you. 
Rob Pollock: So that will impact our premiums, you know, start – depending on exactly the date of the flat cancel. 
Rob Pollock: Exactly. In other words, you know, we – if you look over the course of ’12, we won some portfolios through RFP. But you know, our alignment with leaders has really helped us. If we look at the general trend that’s going on, you know, and put this over perspective, in the ‘08/’09 timeframe, a movement from specialty to money center bank. Now we’re seeing a movement away from money center bank to specialty server and our alignment with the leaders has us positioned as those movements occur. 
Rob Pollock: Not when it’s just a loan portfolio that, you know, the servicing rates might be purchased by another servicer. 
Rob Pollock: Right. So I think that what’s not in that 31.2 is the ones that are going to be added in the first quarter. 
Rob Pollock: It’s really the placements that are going to occur on the loans, which is a good point you’re driving that, that we will still have pickup in some placements on some of the portfolios that were flat canceled. Seth Weiss – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: I see, great. Thanks a lot.
Rob Pollock: Thanks for joining us this morning. We encourage you to reach out to Francesca and Suzanne with additional questions. We look forward on updating you on our progress for the first quarter conference call on April 25th. 
Mike Peninger: Yeah. I think, John, obviously you take off the real estate income that we talked about in the fourth quarter. Quarter over quarter you had the mechanics of the MLR causing some noise, so if you looked at the full year, we probably - it does not spread evenly. Part of the reason, again, one of the challenges in forecasting this, is that our rebate liability is made up of a lot of separate calculations - we have talked about that before. You have credibility of experience that is always informing your calculations, too, so that can introduce a certain amount of volatility. We had an excellent year in 2012, too. Experience, generally, was pretty good. As we move forward, you have got credibility changes in the formulas that are going to impact our results, you have got upcoming changes around guarantee issue that go in at the beginning of 2014, and as we price for the MLR targets, that is going to drive our lost ratios up, too, so you have got a lot of different things going on.
Mike Peninger: One of our challenges is that we have business spread over the whole country, so when you are doing these separate rebate calculations, you do not have total credible experience in very many of those cells, so as experience builds and becomes more credible, then you can sort of factor that into your MLR calculation, but whether that experience is good or bad will determine the amount of the adjustment. So, there is just a lot of complexity under the covers, here.
Mike Peninger: Well, we do think, as we said earlier, it’s going to be higher than the Black’s average. So it’s not like a, you know, we’ve had a couple of portfolios that have had placement rates that are more like the 1-percenters or something. This is going to be higher than that. 
