Mike Peninger: I think it’s 75,000 in the first quarter and 80,000 in the third, Ed.Ed Spehar – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Oh, in the third, okay. I guess –
Mike Peninger: Yes, I had to say that exact thing it’s hard to talk about all the options we’re looking at or trying to take a very comprehensive look, our fundamental we’ve a long history, we’ve been in this business for over 100 years, we have 750,000 I think customers and 600,000 plus of individual health customers so they have vested interest in this and we’re trying to look at as Rob said, the details of healthcare reform, the regs there are not written yet, however, MLR calculation actually work, etc., And some of the answers are those really, say, what kind of opportunities are going to be available. We know that the business will look different; we know that certain strengths of ours that have benefited us historically. Underwriting, for example, would be less important, but other things that we have will be usable in other ways. So we don’t want to take any options off the table at this point.
Mike Peninger: Yes, HHS has requested I believe from the NAIC that the NAIC gives them some recommendations in the June timeframe I think maybe June 1st,which was earlier than it was originally they were until the end of the year but HHS has some to move that out and so the NAIC is developing and I’ve seen I think some list of questions they’re starting to ask and raise so I think by in the second quarter we’ll start to hopefully get a little more clarity on this.
Mike Peninger: Yes, we took those actions starting in middle of last year. They continue to roll through the block as I said the development in the first quarter was consistent with what we expect. So in the absence of any healthcare reform unusual impact we definitely feel like we’re on track for those actions that have the desired results.
Mike Peninger: Yes, I think what we’re seeing is sort of an interesting comparison with the medical business where we had some changes in incidents and costs that happened in, started in late 2008 timeframe and those have sort of maintained at that level and so we have done has gone into the block and instituted the pricing plan design changes very much like the both the and our health business have done and medical. And so what we’re seeing now is those changes working through the block. So I’d say that improvement that we’re seeing really reflects the actions that we’re taking rather than some sort of reversion, the incidents have kind of stayed at the more elevated level and we’re pricing accordingly.
Mike Peninger: Yes, again, I mean we can do a lot of different things here, the combination of strong balance sheet to start the year, operating cash flows that we think we will be able to get and then some up in the form of dividends, the share price, we can do a lot of different things with the cash flows that the businesses are generating, and frankly a nice position for us to be in. And we will, we do think the share price continues to be attractive. We expect to be back in the market. Our goal is to be in there consistently, typically in a 10b5-1 structure, we think makes the most long-term sense –
Mike Peninger: No, I was going to say, again, think of the analogy to health, think of the analogy to our demo business, again, we’ve have taken actions they were assumption based. To me, John, they’ve unfolded consistent as Mike pointed out with the correction actions we’ve taken, the caveat we’d add on the UK is where we expose is, if we get an upward spike in unemployment.
Mike Peninger: Well, we certainly, we think about that you’re raising great questions out and certainly, there are a lot of uncertainties, that’s why we are trying to take time and do a very comprehensive and thorough analysis of all the options because each of the options entails making certain assumptions we’re not going to have definitive information for quite some time until all the changes start to work through the system. So we try to make reasonable assumptions about the key drivers of any particular scenario, the modeling capability we have, as part of our enterprise risk management analysis, enables us to look at a range of options depending on see, how sensitive a particular scenario returns might be to changes in the assumption. So we’re trying to do that that really comprehensive and thorough. Look all, what the backdrop of, again, this is a business that we’ve been in a long time, we think we understand that as well or better than anybody else in it, so we’ve got that going for us, we’ve got all our customers I mentioned earlier trying to make the best decision as we analyze all these options.Ed Spehar – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Rob Pollock: There’s couple different things that first, I think if you go back and we provided a history that that’s splits the business out over time, subprime has always been a portion of the marketplace and maybe it grew more than the market did in particular, vintage years, probably '06, '07, '08 years, okay. But some primes always been 10%, 15% of the overall market. Now, remember what’s reported to us by our clients, they classify the loans. And we have some suspicion that prime loans may get reclassified to subprime when they started to having problems with the loan. But I think if you go back and look at placement rates in an '06 timeframe, you can get a feel for what more normal subprime placement rates are and then the real issue is when is there going to be new loan originations coming back in the market. I think the key for us is Gene and his team has continued to find opportunities to grow, when we can get clients in RFP situations we typically do very well and we’re aligned with market leaders who as the consolidation takes place has us well positioned as portfolios move around. When I look at the overall revenues I very much look at it as placement rates and some estimate of what’s going on in the overall number of loan.Ed Spehar – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: So when we look at over the long-term you said there is still going to be something that is subprime in terms of loans outstanding, whatever that maybe.
Rob Pollock: But one of the things we do note, John, is that it’s not an apples to apples comparison against our loss ratio today –
Rob Pollock: So they’ve already made some statements about things that can be excluded such as income taxes, premium taxes, assessments, etc., so again, there’s lots of details here. We’re in the midst of trying to get answers to all those things. Again, the details will help us formulate what the best option is and we’re not pre-disposed toward any option today. We're going to add them all.
Rob Pollock: If we just look at, John, all of that was assumption-based when we took all the actions and that’s the end of each quarter we’ve reported out. We’re getting a pretty good line aside that our actions are doing just what we’d expect.
Rob Pollock: The question I think you’re raising is, is our staff capital similar to our GAAP equity? I believe they are in this business. So there’s some intangibles that are also associated with the health business. Again that will all be part of the analysis as we look at things, Steve.Steven Schwartz – Raymond James & Associates: Okay. Like I said John got most of what I wanted to ask. That's really all I wanted to add there. Thanks
Rob Pollock: When you look at what characterizes our policyholder groups, Mark, I tended to put this into some different buckets. And obviously, the duration has gone up we believe a little bit. It’s largely related to people who run into problems, making payments on their homes.
Rob Pollock: Yes, absolutely. I guess I put our customers into three different buckets, those who stay with us for a long time because they tend to get a policy from us and just keep it in force, people who get the policy (inaudible) from us and decide they’re going to pursue another option and they’re with us a short period of time. And then there’s group who come about really because they run into problem, making payments and that’s the one we’re seeing a movement out and how long the policies held.
Rob Pollock: Well, I think we’ve got a long track record in this business, Mark, working with large clients and we try to do is our offerings in the service contract business we have the full range we kind of cover the full gamut of the value chain in that business from issuing it to doing the administration to take in the underwriting risk, etc., So we got kind of the full package and I’d say it’s fairly typical in this business that we start with a piece, sometimes a fairly small piece of that total value chain and what I think we’ve been able to do typically is work with the retail customer, show how we can add value and them improve their own business and that makes them over time get increasingly receptive to giving more of that value chain toward us and we’d certainly hope that we can demonstrate or make that case to Lowe’s, we’re excited to have start of the relationship and hopefully, over time will increase it.
Rob Pollock: I think that’s a good way to think about it, Mark. And in addition to that we’ve talked about we’re going to try and free capital in the Solutions business we can do that to the tune of $75 million to $150 million over really 10 or 11 timeframe, when property comes on then, it hasn’t, but if it were, we’d have a little bit of additional capital that would free up there as well. But I think thinking about our earnings plus that amount within Solutions is a good way to think about things
Rob Pollock: Well, that will depend on our business results, Sam.Sam Hoffman – Lincoln Square Capital: Okay, thank you.
Rob Pollock: Yes, well let’s first start with, and looking at that anything, we start with, we’ve got to be able to deploy in excess of our cost to capital. We think that somewhere in the 12% range. We try and evaluate that against all alternatives with a couple of cash –
Rob Pollock: I think it’s lower than that, John; we’re using it as a rough rule of thumb. And also just I’d point out and Chris has done a lot of work in this area. It obviously moves around as capital markets move around. So when we looked at a last year it was higher than that. But again we’re just trying to give a rough rule of thumb in terms of how we think about it.
Rob Pollock: Right, it’s a blend, it’s a blend of equity and debt and it would take it down. Again, I think it just reinforces our strong financial position that we’re in. We certainly realize we have the capability to structure the balance sheet differently. Chris and his team are looking at that in-depth. But if we go back to how do we evaluate things it’s relatively, first, we got to invest, as Chris mentioned, in the business to generate and deal with organic growth and we have some of that going on and then we evaluate the alternatives. And I think the first quarter demonstrates we’ve seen the attractive nature of buying back our share.
Rob Pollock: Yes, I don’t have the specific UK piece off the top of my head, John, but I can tell you that our sort of key metric is our overall combined ratio internationally going down by that 100 basis points to 200 basis points per quarter. We’ve done a variety of things in the UK ranging from exiting certain distribution channels to redesigning products to re-pricing products, etc, etc., And we’ve got specific metrics on each of those things that we’re watching and those are the results of those actions are sort of enfolding in line with our expectations so –
Rob Pollock: Yes, again I would say we just are using it as a rough rule of thumb, Ed, think about what we’ve done with the business is first in pricing products. We want them pricing at 14% to 16% or better returns in the businesses, okay? Where you think this as a rule of thumb as they look at up, hey, maybe we want to go, do a deal, maybe we want to do that, there is obviously inherent risk with it. So we’re trying to just be mindful of let’s not look at things right on the margin of our cost to capital because there will be unknowns there and we’re just using it as a price holder. We have the actual calculation. We look at it regularly. I was going to say the debt component is it’s the equity component we look at periodically and it moves aroundEd Spehar – Banc of America-Merrill Lynch: Yes, first of all, I guess I would argue, you found the right use for your capital this quarter and in April. But the second thing I would say is that going back to the point I think Sam was making, you’ve got a 12% ROE this quarter. Understand this is not a normal quarter from a CAT standpoint. If we spread that out it may be different, but stocks at 80% of book value. So, the question about your equity cost of capital, I guess, I would argue your equity cost of capital is maybe higher than the numbers that you're suggesting just because the stock is trading below your equity value.
Rob Pollock: Right, okay, so pre-ex, the two hours length, right, so, pre-ex is not an issue if everyone’s in the same and we can deal with that as you point out the real issue comes when people can selectively enter or exit. We know a number of markets, we have history in Maine, Massachusetts, New York, New Jersey to evaluate what happens when people can opt in and out of the market which I think is a whole point you’re raising around the penalty. I think it’s certainly an issue that continues to be voiced by lots of players and things that if you really want to make things work we’re going to have to get tighter here. So we can deal with pre-existing, we’re going to have to see how all the regulations ultimately unfold to figure out if the penalty is enough to provide protection there. And we’ll do all that. Again, early stages not sure quite how all this works, we do have models to look at in markets, where these kind of practices have been in place. So to me this all just points out that we have the ability to pivot and respond quickly to changes we’ve done it in the past, we will continue to do so as we move forward.
Rob Pollock: In closing, while we see encouraging signs in the economy, we are not content to wait for a full recovery. We have initiated actions to create opportunities for growth and to increase profitability. We are pleased with the new business momentum we are building. Our cost saving measures we have implemented will yield benefits in 2010 and going forward. And our strong capital position improves our flexibility to build shareholder value for the long-term. Thanks for your interest today. We look forward to updating you on our Q2 2010 performance.
Chris Pagano: We kind of given you, and again, the difference between cash in and out we think about interest expense, for example, we would tell you, it’s roughly 40 million, that’s an after-tax number. But the dollars that go up the door though in the first and third quarters are pretax numbers that comes back later on. Operating expenses typically run around 50 million and then the other piece of it is recurring dividends, which run rate right now is about 70 million.Ed Spehar – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you very much.
Chris Pagano: Let me, Mark, if I could, this is Chris, maybe just make a couple other comments. I just want to make a clarification, I think and I could be wrong, but I believe your net dividend capacity is 525 million. I do want to point out that that is a regulatory number and does not necessarily indicate what we can or cannot take out of the businesses. When I think about dividend capacity I think about earnings plus minus. The minuses would be held back for growth and as we have seen in years past sometimes the portfolio effect will cause us to, we’ll have to retain more capital and not be able to access it from the operating companies. And, of course, on the plus side you mentioned potential shrinking of the business on the property side, again, also our efforts to take some excess capital solutions over the next 12 months to 18 months. The other thing I would point out again, Ed asked the question I provided reconciliation. Some of the infusions and taking dividends out of the subs are timing issues. This past quarter we did put some money into Solutions (inaudible) to some additional client growth that doesn’t change the fact that over time we’d like, we think we can get out the earnings and then from the Solutions segment over the next several years. The other thing you’ve got to keep in mind in a variable that we’ve talked about in the past is the cap, the AM Best capital requirement; we do capitalize the best to the extent that those change from one year to the next that might have some effect. We’re in regular dialogue with the rating agencies, have not gotten any indication of the material changes there, but will know that as the year progresses.
Chris Pagano: Yes, we do, again, the 10b5-1 is typically, we put one in place that allows us to continue to repurchase shares through blackout periods. The fact that we were in the market in this past month suggest that is still in place.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Hi, there. So Rob, last quarter, you indicated that buybacks that you would expect to use about half of your existing authorization through the end of 2011.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: You did, you did, I’m sorry. You said at least. In the first four months here, at least what you've reported through the 23rd of April, you've used half of that half.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Understood, okay, okay. And one more. If you took your current debt-to-cap, which is very, very low relative to most of my coverage universe anyway at 16% or 17%. If you took that more to a typical single A rated companies debt-to-cap of 25-ish, how much would that take your cost of capital down? Your weighted average cost of capital. If you were talking about 12%, I would assume that would take it down to 10% to 11%.
John Nadel – Sterne, Agee: Understood, understood, okay. Listen, I applaud, I applaud the progress on all those fronts. I mean they are real very evident this quarter, so thank you.
