Rob Pollock: Thanks Mike. Our specialty businesses continue to demonstrate their ability to adapt to changing market conditions. Before we take questions, let me summarize our 2011 priorities. One, create new revenue streams. Second, find additional operating efficiencies and develop enhanced products and services valued by our customers. Third, leverage our risk management expertise in all we do. And fourth, continue to manage our capital in a disciplined manner.  We believe this will lead to long-term profitable growth and value for our shareholders. Now I would like to open the call for questions. Operator, first question please.
Rob Pollock: Sure. Couple things. So if we start with how it will come, we wish it came just linearly, but it didn’t. Saying all that, we continue to see improvement in our loss experience in Europe and it’s tracking as we’d planned, so we felt quite good about that, and we think it will continue to improve over the course of the year. We’re quite confident in that. That’s part of what’s going to lead to the improvement. Second is we’ve looked to the expenses we’re talking about. Actually, we have landed a number of new clients in Latin America over the last several years and I think as Mike pointed out, service contract revenue and particularly you’ve got to put people on, you’ve got to help make sure that the contracts are sold in the stores, and you get written premium before you get earned premium. And that’s what’s going on there. It’s all in the course of how we do things, so that’s kind of what contributed to things.
Rob Pollock: You know, on the gross earned you’ve got a couple of different things going on within the gross earned category. One, just relates to clients and how they’re brought on over time and how cancellations move. You know, when you bring a new client on. We have seen a shift away from REO properties, but I think that largely taking place last year. And we’ve had changes with some new clients coming on that have slightly different characteristics perhaps than some of the ones that were with us before. But you know, all in all, the placement rate up. I think the average insured value up just a little bit there. And getting production from several of the new clients that we wrote last year is also starting to roll through our earned revenue too.
Rob Pollock: No, don’t read anything into it other than we talk to the rating agencies obviously every year. I think we’re in kind of the process of those discussions now, and we just want to point out that that’s always a factor, because we need to keep the companies capitalized to AM Best requirements.
Rob Pollock: We’re including all of our supplemental products, the count on those members. So remember the premiums on these products are smaller.
Rob Pollock: I think that’s how you should think about it. I haven’t done the calculation, so I don’t know exactly, but I think Adam said a little bit north of – I guess mid-76, 77. The other side of that, obviously, is that we’ve got to be able to operate all the expense within what’s left. Correct? We’re working on that side of things. We’re working to get closer to pricing better, as I think Adam outlined at investor day. We want to price as close as we can so there are no rebates, and then we need to get expenses down and I think we’re seeing progress on both sides of things.
Rob Pollock: Just one other comment on that that I’d just bring up John. If you think about how we’ve adapted this business. Old model was we wanted the lowest combined ratio, right? Now, what we have to do is operate within the constraints of things here, and remember the reform kind of came around and got published mid-year last year, but we already had a bunch of policies on the books under the old rules, so that in essence is what’s leading to a lot of the rebates, right? Now when those policies come up for renewal, we’re going to refine the pricing on things to be closer to that part of the loss ratio.
Rob Pollock: I don’t think we’ve seen a big change in the competitive landscape for pricing so much. I do think we see some of the impacts of just healthcare reform working through, so we know that healthcare purchase decisions drive other decisions and I think as there’s been more clarity on what’s going on with healthcare itself, it’s gotten people to think about shopping or considering their coverages. Last thing I’d just add in the small employer market is I just think we’re seeing a few positive signs that there may be some employment growth, etc., which is just causing them to feel a little bit better about things.
Rob Pollock: Yeah, I think that’s probably the best way to look at it, because you know we certainly have, when for instance we’ve been taking action to improve our dental results. We’d already adjusted LTD pricing to reflect lower new money rated environment and so we think we’re in a good position on that then maybe there’s others who are making adjustments to reflect that. But that’s just a speculation.
Rob Pollock: Yeah, we are seeing a lot more interest in the voluntary products from brokers that traditionally haven’t been there. There used to be in the business you had sort of our regular brokers that we worked with that concentrated on the traditional true group products and those brokers are increasingly focused now on voluntary products and they’re becoming an important source of distribution for us. And I think they see the same trends we do, that small employers can’t afford the traditional plans, and so voluntary is a real viable option. Then I think if you think about some of the things we’re doing, we’re adding group reps that are focused specifically on voluntary so that’s where we’re putting some growth efforts into that. And then we have a number of things going on in the way we’re designing our products and our systems capabilities that we think is giving us a boost in this marketplace too. So we’ve got a product category here that’s got some nice market growth potential and then we think that what we’re doing gives us a bit of an additional boost.
Rob Pollock: Okay. I want to thank everyone for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you on our progress on our next call.
Mike Peninger - CFO: No, I think that’s right. It’s difficult to have a smooth quarterly pattern in this business, so we still are focused on that 200-600 basis point drop over the course of the year.
Mike Peninger - CFO: Actually we’ve included these supplemental products now John and we hadn’t in the past, so there’s a footnote in the supplement that talks about the difference, so you’re seeing a bit of an apples and oranges there.
Mike Peninger - CFO: The rebates, John, are a function of this year’s loss experience, starting with 2011. I think it’s also really important that these rebate calculations are very complicated. We do literally a couple hundred of these, I think, if you think about all the states we operate in. And then you’ve got individual and group, you’ve got credibility adjustments. There’s just numerous estimates that we’re making here. And then we’re also projecting out estimated loss experience and trying to think about pricing actions we’re going to make. So over the course of the year that estimate will get better. Right now it’s based on a whole lot of assumptions.
Mike Peninger - CFO: The tax rate is being driven by – there’s certain compensated-related expenses that are no longer allowed to be deductible under healthcare reform. So essentially if you think about having a deduction that deduction gets smaller and it makes a big difference in the calculation of the tax rate when Health’s earnings are small like they are now. If Health were earnings a lot more the effect of that disallowed deduction would be a lot less noticeable.
Mike Peninger - CFO: It’s just the way that works. You know, you’ve got sort of pre-tax income, you take your deductions to calculate your taxes, or your GAAP reported income, and you adjust it to your taxable income, so you’re thinking about it correctly.
Mike Peninger - CFO: I don’t have that off the top of my head, Jeff. That’s something we can look up, but right now the disallowed deductions related to compensation, that’s going to be paid out several years from now, so mostly it tends to be focused on deferred compensation in which you’re making a variety of estimates. We can certainly give some thought to whether we can firm that up. I’d like it to be a reasonably firm number if we’re going to cover that for you.
Chris Pagano: A couple things. Keep in mind dividends are a function of earnings. Earnings are a function of storm season, and again, storm season defined as cat wind and some of the things that we’ve seen already in the first and now into the second quarter. The share price is attractive, and I think your comment around the level of repurchase activity through April 21 is an indication of what we think about the share price and our willingness to return capital if we don’t see any other opportunities on the growth side. So a combination of things, and the other thing to keep in mind in terms of the activity through April 21, compare it to last year for example, last year we had identified early in the year some capital initiatives that we were going to deploy to get more capital out of the business beyond earnings, so we took dividends in excess of operating earnings of about $200 million last year. You don’t see that sort of number thank you. We will always try to be as capital efficient as we can at the operating segment level. But really, earnings and dividends are going to be much more closely related thy, which is why we’re going to continue to be disciplined, as we have been every year, about timing the repurchase activity loosely with the dividend plan for the individual segments.
Chris Pagano: Sure, I think again, first quarter was we were more aggressive than we were first quarter last year. Again, we’re going to calibrate what we’re going to do in the second and third quarters, but the slowdown in the repurchase activity into storm season on a relative basis I think is, if you want to put pattern in, I think is appropriate. And then at the end of the year, whether the wind blows or not, and what the earnings pattern is going to look like will affect what we take in the fourth quarter, and give us a greater deal of comfort around repurchase. Keep in mind, unlike last year, we’ve already had some significant storms, and going into hurricane season, so we’ve got to keep that in mind as you start to calibrate. But again, that’s back to dividends will be a function of earnings, earnings will be a function of storm season.
Chris Pagano: I think obviously we don’t talk about specific deals. We are in the market sourcing deals. That means looking at them, comparing them to our requirements, whether it has a strategic fit, whether it meets our financial requirements. I think the key here is when you think about M&A and growth you’ve got to also put the words disciplined and profitable in the mix there, and that’s what our focus is. And right now what you’re seeing is our discipline and our search for profitable growth is not producing opportunities that meet our requirements and as a result we’re using the deployable capital to repurchase shares, which has been a very attractive opportunity for us recently. So again, continuing to source it, feel like we’ve got analytical rigor and discipline that allows us to look at opportunities both in existing business lines and in lines where we aren’t currently participating. And we’ll continue to keep you posted as that process evolves.
