Rob Pollock: Thanks, Melissa, and good morning everyone. Our results in the second quarter were strong. Our strategy to focus on growth in four targeted areas is working despite continued economic headwinds. We continued to return capital to shareholders via dividends and repurchase. Our activity demonstrates the long term value we believe our shares represent at current prices. We are pleased with our performance against the three important financial metrics we've highlighted before. First, we reported an annualized operating return on equity excluding accumulated other comprehensive income or AOCI of 14.4% for the quarter. This includes $19 million of income from real estate joint ventures, and $10 million of losses from reportable catastrophes. Year-to-date, annualized results stand at 14.6%. Second, growth in book value per diluted share excluding AOCI was 5.3% during the quarter. This brings the year-to-date growth to 9%. Third, revenue defined by net earned premiums and fee income grew by over 2% year-over-year to $1.9 billion. Year-to-date, the increase is 1.9%. Now let me comment on the businesses. In Solutions, despite a challenging retail sales environment, our business continued to grow through the addition of new clients. We were pleased to announce our mobile protection program will be offered to T-Mobile's 4G pre-paid customers. In combination with Telefonica and the Sprint tablet program, it demonstrates our ability to find creative solutions for clients and consumers in this fast growing segment. In international operations, we saw a modest improvement in our combined ratio. We continue to monitor European results carefully given the economic uncertainty in that region. In Specialty Property, we continued to see growth in both multi-family housing products and lender placed insurance. While the overall inventory of mortgage loans again declined modestly, we continued to add new loan portfolios. The programs and activities to prevent property foreclosures have caused our coverage to remain in effect far longer than we have seen historically or expected. As these loans resolve through foreclosure and short sale, which could accelerate, our premiums and earnings will decline. Lender placed returns will be lower than in the past, but as a specialty business, they will continue to be attractive. After Mike reviews the financial highlights for the quarter, I'll provide additional details and an update on the actions underway in our lender placed business. Assurant Health continues to make great progress in the post-reform environment. Health is offering affordable choice products for consumers, expanding distribution, and reducing operating expenses. As medical costs continue to increase, we believe consumers will find our affordable choice plans even more attractive. We are seeing the number of individuals covered under our programs growing. At Assurant Employee Benefits, net operating income improved as all product lines had favorable experience. Our new agreement with United Concordia announced in June will expand our dental network, which is now one of the largest in the industry. Our growth priority at Benefits is on voluntary products, which represented more than half of our sales for the quarter. Overall, we were pleased with our results, and believe we are well positioned. And with that, I'll turn it to Mike for more comments in the second quarter.
Rob Pollock: Sure, so you know, I think in context, Chris, we have been looking and recognize that there have just been changes in cause by the housing crisis, and we are trying to take steps to adapt, and it’s things that we have been working on for a period of time to do that. So, you know, I think we’ve been proactive – you know, things always take a little longer than you would like them to take, but it’s things that we’ve been working on for a while. You know, the – all the things that we look at I think are set up to address and provide flexibility to a variety of different things we’ve seen as well as having been provided from, you know, the GSE’s, the regulator’s, et cetera. We’re trying to take, you know, all of those into account, and unfortunately, I think, you’ve got a new [inaudible] with the flexibility to do that. You know, with California, you know, again, we are engaged in the process, I just think it’s just taken a bit longer than we thought, but I don’t think there is anything you should read into the fact that, you know, it’s been moved back a bit.
Rob Pollock: Right, I can take a shot at that, Chris. I think when we think at internal, clearly we are focused on Europe as being the most challenging from a growth stand point given the economic issues there. We have seen, you know, excellent growth over time in Latin America and Canada. So, you now, our international businesses is a blend of all of those places, so we have added new clients. The improvement that is going to drive that international ROE up is, I think, you know, disproportionately going to come from Europe as we continue to address the underwriting and pricing issues there, and hopefully add some new clients. We are very focused on getting some clients in our target areas, but if that doesn’t happen then we’ll take the necessary actions on the expense side. So, yes, I just add to that, Chris, because I think that was an excellent summary Mike provided. Remember our near term goal was to get the UK to break even by mid ’13 – we’ve got a business that is dragging IOE there, and that’s step one in correcting that overall, and that will help quite a bit.
Rob Pollock: I don’t believe we did, but I think the important point is the one that you hit on that will be a flat cancel versus un-renewal, and we’re going to see premium producing in that portfolio in the third quarter, Steven.
Rob Pollock: And we’ll have a good idea on what, you know, the placement rate will look like, because we haven’t boarded those loans yet.
Rob Pollock: You know, I think in contrast we’ve boarded 2.1 million loans, but – and they show up in our totals, but those are going to produce business on renewal, and because we have boarded them, we have an idea that their placement rate will be in that 1% range.
Rob Pollock: But on that business, the important thing to remember that – Mike lead to this, we’re ultimately going to have to – our margins have got to come out of the difference between the loss ratio that we need to provide and the premium that we collect, and that will be bound on what we can learn.
Rob Pollock: Right, which, you know, may well influence how servicers present information etcetera. I think it’s fundamentally going to be around disclosures and we feel pretty good that our disclosures are good and we have some ideas on how to make them better.
Rob Pollock: Sure we have regular filings and discussions with all the different states over time. I think we’ve tried to highlight the issues where we’re having discussions around rate right now. So I don’t see anything on the horizon particularly in Florida. You know, we certainly have the issues where lender place is going to be discussed at the NAIC meetings. We welcome that opportunity because we think it will be an opportunity for all parties to present how the product works, the essential nature of the product, and it’ll allow us to show how we’ve been an innovator in other areas of the lender placed industry at prior times.
Rob Pollock: Yes, I think that the Latin America situation if you turn and look at China, China we’ve had pure investment for a number of years. We announced the five star deal, it’s mostly service contract business, but we now have what we believe is an embedded set of contracts on the business that are going to earn in the future. And I think Mike detailed how we’ve made a lot of progress on that in Latin America, we now have that going on in China as well. So we have some very developed markets, Canada and Puerto Rico. We have LatAm that we’re making lots of progress on. We’ve got Europe that we’ve got to get first and we’ve got China that I think is also going to start being a future add to our earning. So I think that we’ve got every one of these buckets moving in a positive direction in that international area.
Rob Pollock: Well I think the big thing as we’ve talked to the different people, John, is just getting an alignment among of the GSE. You know, the FHFA kind of is the regulator over both of those, if you will, or sets direction over both. And I think the first thing they’re looking to do is just, how do we get alignment and make sure some consistency is going on here. You know, I think that we’ve got a lot of unique capabilities that can help them with whatever solution they want to land on. And we’ve proposed a number of things to do that in terms of sitting down and showing them things we might do. So I think the real key is for them to just decide what they want to do and we’re trying to help them in that process.
Rob Pollock: Well it’s certainly something we’re trying to talk to them about historically. I think they’re focused on other things right now, John, so we don’t want to give up on that, but I wouldn’t put that as probably as what we’ve seen as the top of their list.
Rob Pollock: So again, we don’t disclose particulars of relationship with clients. All the deals are unique. That would require, you know, JP Morgan saying they want to do something different John. As it relates to the department itself, remember we’ve had our discussions, there were others who were at the hearing, I’m sure they’ve had discussions, but we’ve not been privy to any of those.
Rob Pollock: Mike can give the details, but I want to go back and just provide a little color here. John, remember what we’ve said is we think we can get to that 4% after tax margin once PPACA is fully implemented, which is after 2014. We said along the way we have a lot to do, but we can make progress as we go there. But understand the way that the PPACA legislation implements on a year-by-year basis. We’ve got to make progress and the legislation will push back at things a little bit, so we’ll have that to overcome. So again, I want to put it in the broad context of I think we’re quite pleased with the progress we’re making, but we’ve got more progress to make. And then Mike, you want to talk about the…
Rob Pollock: Yes, we haven’t disclosed that yet and it’s relatively modest at this point because these products are starting, you know, we’ve started to really focus on them the last couple of years in the post reform environment, so they’re growing nicely. But they started from sort of a small base.
Rob Pollock: You know, that’s a reasonable way to think about it. Let’s just reflect for a second on all the changes we’ve seen that have been caused in the last few years. Because I think it’s important, and we’re trying to deal with all these factors as well. So, if you’d gone back three years ago, we saw a huge consolidation of loan portfolios with the big players. Now we’re seeing a deconsolidation and move to the specialty players. So, that’s a fundamental difference that’s taking place. Second, you know, we’re in a situation where delinquent loans have remained high, causing placements to be high. Third, we’ve seen voluntary carriers reducing their exposure in cap prone areas, and we’re seeing out exposure in cap prone areas increase. So, all these factors are causing us to look at the business a little bit differently then we have in the past. We do feel the big issues on resolution of these delinquent loans, and their movement to either foreclosure or short-sale is likely going to cause our revenues to come down. I have not been very good at estimating that, via the placement rate on when that’s going to happen, because it’s just very difficult to predict. But we do understand that ultimately a normalized housing market will lead the lower earnings, but we’re still going to have good returns in the business.
Rob Pollock: I think we tried to provide that guidance Sean, with that look at the combined ratios. Combined ratios going to go up a little bit. And you can think of that in a couple of different ways. One is, you know, our other products don’t have as attractive of combined ratios, as Lender- Placed Product has had. The second thing is, you know, some of our expenses in Lender-Placed are fixed. Our tracking system, the cost of running that tracking system are not going to go down when we have fewer policies enforced.
Rob Pollock: The first thing we’ve tried to do Ed, is bound the premium that will be subject to things. I think we’ve identified that as $63 million in the state of New York. Obviously, we’re having discussions and when we have resolution, we definitely will let people know where things have landed.
Rob Pollock: Well, I think the improvement in Europe is going to come from a combination of some combination of growth and expenses Ed. I don’t think we’re prepared at this point to tell you, you know, to split the equity, the international equity, but to sort of, I think what you’re asking, but we can say that the bulk of – if we think about – you can sort of see from our disclosure and do the numbers, you know, that the international ROE (inaudible) I think previously provided the losses we had in the U.K. I can’t remember what that was, but I think we said about $35 million. Just think about that going to break even.
Rob Pollock: Right, now recognize that we’ve made progress, it’s not at $35 anymore, but there’s still, you know, we’re not going to break even till the middle of next year.
Rob Pollock: Again, I think let’s take a starting point here. And the starting point to me is there’s a recognized kind of thought process that there’s an essential need for this product. How it prices can be debated, the need for the product is uniformed. Everyone sees that it’s essential to making mortgage lending in the housing industry work. You know, we’ve had conversations with many regulars. I could name them, I’m sure. So, that’s not the point, but these are the two that are front and center, and we’re trying to engage in active dialogue with them and get to a solution here, and we think the new product can be a big part of that.Jeffrey Schuman – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods: Okay, thanks a lot Rob.
Rob Pollock: I think that certainly the market is raising prices on disability, Mark, in response to the interest-rate environment and some of the challenges and incidents in recovery that various carriers are seeing. You know, I think we probably started a little bit earlier than some others, but you know, I think the renewal rates are definitely going up. I hesitate to put out a number, but we’re getting a meaningful – meaningful increases in renewal pricing.Mark Hughes – Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you, very much.
Rob Pollock: Well, the way we like to run the repurchase program is quick 10B51 program’s in place to get us through blackout and we go into the next open period, we recalibrate our outlook for capital and then put another program in that will take us to the next blackout period. Now again, keep in mind that also spans quarter end so it’s difficult to link quarterly repurchase activity to the programs that we put in place. But if we do find ourselves in an open period, blacked out for a reason other than earnings, then that’s going to affect what’s going on.
Mike Peninger: PPACA has got some provisions relating – primarily relating around experience credibility, Steven – you know, you’ve got in our – remember the MLR calculation is state-by-state and legal entity-by-legal entity, so, there’s an enormous number of sells in that calculation and there is credibility factors in the calculation. If you have a relatively small amount of premium in any cell, and so that has an impact on – if your experience is better, you get the benefit of that to a certain extent when it is not credible, but as the PPACA, as the years go on, their provisions in the law where the credibility adjustment changes making the target, the MLR requirement higher. So, sorry if – it’s a relatively complicated calculation, hopefully that is a little bit clearer.
Mike Peninger: Incidents has remained pretty stable for us, you know, we have seen that trend in the recent couple of years, Steven, that our incident has remained relatively stable, it’s been the recovery that has been more of a challenge for us over time, and we have very good experience this quarter. I just reiterate what I said that results on the recoveries particularly can be volatile from quarter-to-quarter.
Mike Peninger: Well I think again Mark we’ve got the issues in Europe that we’re very focused on. There we have targeted sales efforts that vary , you know, targeted areas. Mobile, for example. And we’re looking at expenses very closely in conjunction with that. So to the extent we’re able to find clients in those targeted areas that’s great, that will help us, and we’ll get some growth there. To the extent the growth isn’t there then we need to address expenses in Europe. And so those are the primary focus in Europe, where growth is the most challenging for us. In Latin America, we’ve added new clients and there to your point we have added some, made investments in expenses to build up the capability to service that business. And remember also that we’ve got, to the extent that we sell service contracts, we’ve got the delayed nature of the revenue recognition because we don’t recognize revenue on extended services contracts until the manufacturer’s warranty wears off. So that business is going to slowly ramp up there and so the challenge in Latin America then is to keep finding those new clients and then start to leverage that infrastructure that we’ve built there. So I think those are kind of the main things that I’d point to.
Mike Peninger: Yes, maybe in a little more – I mentioned the credibility issues earlier John, but if you look at our loss ratio this quarter, I think it was in 73% kind of range in health. And if you think about, I think we’ve talked on past calls, this idea that the MLR is 80% and that translates into something lower than that on a gap basis because gap and MLR calculations are somewhat different. But if you think about business subject to the MLR is going to run probably a little bit higher than 75%, 75, 76, 77, somewhere in that range then you’ve got non-MLR business and that’s where some of the affordable options that we talked about is going to run probably a bit lower loss ratio. And when you start to look at a blend. And then the challenge going forward relating that I referred to on the call is primarily the credibility adjustment to the extent that we have non-credible business we’re currently getting the benefit of some of that lower loss ratio. But over time we get less benefit from that as PPACA rolls out further over time. So when you’ve got to look at the blend of all these things when you think about what our loss ratio is going to be going forward. And I think the bottom line is going to be higher than say the 73%, but that’s why it’s so important that we continue to sell new sales of the non-MLR products and continue the work we’re doing to ratchet down expenses, that’s how we sustain the returns.
Mike Peninger: But at some point in the future that is something we will figure out how to disclose. I think the other one that just goes along with it again, is we’re also pleased with the progress we’re making with the networks in the comprehensive or PPACA world as well and we think we’ll have more of those sales in the second half of the year too.
Chris Pagano: Sure, Hi Sean. Let me make just a couple comments, because as you mentioned, we haven’t talked about the real estate portfolio in quite a while. You know, when we think about real estate, we think of it as kind of a specialty (inaudible) class for us. And, you know, we’ve been in the business for the better part of the last 20 years. It’s a very small part of the portfolio. If you look at the end of the second quarter, the book value of the real estate portfolio was a little less than $240 million. It doesn’t produce consistent quarterly gap income, and you see that in the supplement. It’s the main reason we don’t include it when we give you investment yield calculations. You know, the approach that we take is very Bottoms-Up opportunistic. We don’t have set timetables around acquisition and dispositions. You know the two partnerships that made up the $29 million of income this quarter, one was in the portfolio less than two years, and the other one was in the portfolio almost twelve years. So, what we do focus on though is, long term value, cash-on-cash return, and we’ve been very successful at it over the years. Going forward, just to give you an estimate, there’s probably about $55 or $60 million of value in the current portfolio that over time we’ll be able to monetize. But there’s no set timeframe around how long that’s going take. Again, we want to be opportunistic, we want to let market conditions dictate the investment strategy. You know, the other thing to remember though is, it’s cash return, $19-plus million of after tax profit came into the company last quarter, and I look at that as deployable capital, which we’ll ultimately be able to get up to the holding company and use either for buy backs or to fund profitable growth opportunities.
Chris Pagano: Both sides will be represented in the discussions, and I think that, you know, there’s just been a general interest to learn more about the Lender-Placed industry. The good news to me is, we have a number of people within the NAIC who are quite impacted and see the need for capacity of Lender-Placed insurance, and they’ll be there as well.
Chris Pagano: Yeah, I guess a couple comments. I mean, again, when I think about share repurchase, you know, certainly buying back at current prices is a prudent use of deployable capital. There’s no question about that. But the goal here is to be disciplined about returning capital, be in the market consistently and also as we head into CAT season, be careful about maintaining what we talked about and called a seasonal buffer. So as we head into the wind season, we’re going to probably – we’re going to need to likely hold more than the 250 capital buffer that we’ve talked about. In terms of the pace or the degree at which we’re buying relative to share price, you know, we’re not trying to market [inaudible]. The goal and the use of the 10B51 program is to allow us to be in there consistently through blackout periods and again, returning the capital to the shareholders. The other thing to keep in mind is that, you know, even given the significant amount of repurchase activity over the last 18 months or so, you know, shareholder’s equity [inaudible] has not changed at all. Okay? So this is as much a cash flow profitability story as it is a repurchase story.
