Robert B. Pollock: Well we're still in discussions on all of this and we'll let you know as the discussions evolve. But we just wanted to put you on notice that we have this information. We thought it was important that we provide that to you but we don't really any more specifics Mark. 
Robert B. Pollock: And the other one is of course placement rates on the placement rate side down a little this year I think that we mentioned in the past Mark that our legacy portfolio, the placement rates been dropping even little more and we benefited from portfolios coming in that at higher placement rates. So those are all factors that are working into the ASP outlook. 
Robert B. Pollock: Sure I think that you can think about it as Mike pointed out a couple of different ways ultimate effect is probably 18 months out from introduction in the state we have some states that are fully in there. Others Florida we've just introduced full effect in 2015. But if you put it altogether I would say it's probably a low double-digit impact in 2014 from the rates correct down. 
Robert B. Pollock: Yeah I don’t think we have specific numbers for you there Jeff but the legacy portfolio we are seeing drops in the placement rates. And those sort of continue to trend down. As we've discussed our overall placement rate has been increased by the new portfolios that we transferred in over the course of 2013 which had a bit higher rates. But that legacy trend is down but that legacy trend is down.
Robert B. Pollock: Yeah, you know I will let Mike comment here as well but one of the big ones he mentioned which is first historically we've had higher first year commissions and we've had because of underwriting we've done, we've had better morbidity in first year business.  We don't do any decking of those commissions and aren't going to but you can think about in the new pool we're not going to have necessarily better morbidity which may mean that first year experience is not going to be quite as good. But then we talked about all the different mechanisms going on for risk mitigation and they tend to come in overtime a little bit. And then I think last just in our overall results as we get bigger and Mike mentioned we took some expenses out, we are gaining scale and leveraging the business that will grow over time. So it's really a combination of all those different things.
Robert B. Pollock: So I can say two things I think the ACA is going to change the distribution of sales within that and it will be heavily fourth and first quarter oriented. But live events, which are GLF and employer and they need coverage somewhere else those are going to go on across the whole year and that's an important contributor to our sales activity.  I think the real unknown and we'll know a little bit more about this at the end of the first quarter is are we going to see more people who struggle with the affordability issues turning to alternative products. 
Robert B. Pollock: Yeah really we're in discussions on all those Chris and we don't really have any covered offer. When it's available we're obviously going to provide it. 
Robert B. Pollock: Well the drivers Chris were solutions lift in earnings this year, there are several areas that we're looking at. The growth in our mobile business and expect -- expands our profit margins there. So we've obviously got the LSG acquisition in Europe, that's going to be a help there but we expect overall solid growth and contributions from mobile. Then Europe is going to be a big focus as we integrate that region. We had some obviously expenses, severance charges that we took in the fourth quarter. So we really expect disproportionate improvement in Europe and then just the overall expense management we've got reducing expenses in non-growth areas. So we've got mobile, we've got the Europe integration and expense management being kind of the three drivers. And then if I look a little bit beyond 2014 our acquisitions of EK and LSG will help to drive earnings going forward they are not going to contribute much in 2014 to earnings because of amortization of intangibles and integration costs.
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. So let's start with Latin America, we've been there one time. We've been through cycles before there and we like Latin America because of the market characteristics that it offers. We've got a broad footprint, we're in more than just Argentina, we're in a number of countries down there and if we look internationally we are even in a broader footprint.  So I guess when I look at Argentina the great thing is we are not -- the business generates all the capital it needs itself, we're not putting more money in there. We've had very strong results there overtime but as part of our overall portfolio it's a small component of overall international. Chris maybe you want to comment a little bit on how we look at some things when we size up Latin America. 
Robert B. Pollock: No. So you should think about sales as a first time buyer or someone who left us and came back but there has been a period where they have not been insured by us. 
Robert B. Pollock: Yeah. That's a good question. And the answer is the way we count membership is business that is in effect as of the year-end. So we've got a lot of first quarter sales that are not reflected in the membership. So you will see they show up the next quarter we report, Steven. 
Robert B. Pollock: Again private exchanges I would say are kind of in their infancy of development and we are evaluating both on the benefit side and within our health business. I would point out that we decided to not go on the public exchanges, but I would tell you during the quarter a lot of people actually bought directly from us by coming to our website or they came to our website and then will tackle to one of our own counselors to help them sale.  So how the private exchange market is going to evolve is still unknown. I would expect modest activity but we want to get our feet in the water and understand how that market is going to develop.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes we do, Steve there is one, there is three I think main risk transfer mechanisms. One of them was only for the -- if you are selling on the exchanges so we wouldn't participate in that. But the other two we would, because the impact of that depends on sort of the demographics of our insured population compared to the industry. So it's going to take some time until we get a bead on how we line up with that.
Robert B. Pollock: The way you can think about it is the debt capacity or the expense load associated with the debt prior to our issue in March of last year was roughly $60 million pretax. The new structure which includes $200 million more of debt will be roughly $55 million pretax. So again the flexibility we had last year, opportunistic debt raise produce some good expense numbers going forward.
Robert B. Pollock: I think we have added a lot of people to the service centers John. So I would say we are probably above or at the levels that we need there. I think there is still I think some ramping up of activity, but I'd say we are getting close to what should be a run rate on sort of activity for loan.
Robert B. Pollock: Now I am just going to say that Gene and his team will now sit down and look at all of our different work flows and obviously we're going to look to find ways to improve our expense structure. 
Robert B. Pollock: I mean again there’s lots of choices. What I think about is I have to do is think back to when RMS11 was there and everyone was projecting costs would go up. I think our fundamental belief is at some point in time the market will harden, when there are some events and we’re trying to get multiyear coverage, so that we’re protected with favorable rates John.
Robert B. Pollock: The other thing I would point out John, again this is kind of a macro trend issue around placement rates as placement rates as the housing crisis continues through its resolution and placement rates slower, macro events that we talked about for number of years there is going to be some capital release from the property segment and we do anticipate some lender placed in particular and that is something that we expect to start to see during 2014. 
Robert B. Pollock: Thanks for joining us this morning. We look forward to hosting our 2014 investor day on March 11 and updating you on key milestones in the months ahead. Please reach out to Francesca and Suzanne with any additional questions.
Michael J. Peninger: Sure Mark our rates have been going down with the new product and we implemented some of that in 2013. Now in Florida we've announced that 10% drop effective 1st of this year. And remember the way these things work is we roll out over the course of the year. So it takes a while for the full impact to be reflected.  So I think the rates will continue to put those through. In some case we've also had reductions in commissions under the new regs that's also being passed through. And then the other factors that drive Specialty Property's revenue are the number of loans which reflect transfers and things like that. 
Michael J. Peninger: I am not sure quite what you are driving at but I think if you look at the gross change it’s going to be a lower double digit number.
Michael J. Peninger: That is true. You know again, remember there is all these factors that are in motion. It will depend. We’ve introduced things like geographic rating. So it will be a function of where the properties are placed, will have an impact but we know commissions are coming down.
Michael J. Peninger: Sure. So, you know I think the first thing in our sales is to realize we have policies with fourth quarter effective dates which don't fall under the Affordable Care Act. They’re you know prior to that. And you might look at that as people who wanted to buy policies and have a period of time before the ACA provisions were going to take effect. But we have quite a bit of business that came in with 1/1 and later effective dates that fall right into that category.  And you know just a couple comments I would make when we established our strategy in health it was focused on affordability and choice. A lot of people have felt that in the ACA environment our metallic plan is a metallic plan. We happen to offer a number of different say advanced plans that will appeal differently to different consumer groups and so we think that choice is still an important component.  I think when you look at who has come in our results are similar to a lot of things you have heard in the press little bit older than we expected, so demographic is a consideration, the other one is the morbidity characteristics of the pool. Little early to know what that looks like yet. We can’t say that it’s a little bit older than we expected but manageable. I mean it’s not a huge deviation from what we expected. 
Michael J. Peninger: The sales activity in the fourth quarter was heavily influenced by this, get it done before the end of the year kind of Mark, obviously that's not going to recur in the first quarter. 
Michael J. Peninger: And the sum of those things that Rob alludes to involves systems work and things like that too that takes some period of time. So I think the goal is to automate many of these things that we've had to deal with by adding lots of people. That's why we alluded to this being sort of a multi-year initiative. 
Michael J. Peninger: Yeah I think it will be I think we said modestly profitable in 2014, John and then whenever you do with these acquisitions we setup intangibles on the balance sheet. Those are amortized over time so your contribution to earnings grows over time, so modest contribution in ’14 and then growing in ’15 and beyond. 
Michael J. Peninger: I think that’s a fair way to look at it. I mean in voluntary, in benefits we’re excited about voluntary. We think we’ve got some real traction in our offerings in that small to medium size market and they are working hard on expenses but I think your analysis is quite good.Seth Weiss – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for the questions. 
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah, I guess the other point I'd just make around capital deployments and the required hurdle rates for investments in countries outside of the U.S. is we do factor in country risk and currency risk when we set target hurdle rates.  The other point I'd make with respect to Argentina is in our capital forecast and again operating earnings and dividends coming up to the home and company we are not forecasting operating earnings out of Argentina to come back into the U.S. So we are factoring in all of these relative exposures. 
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah I think the issue for us the outlook forward is going to be about flexibility and maintaining our discipline. Again the flexibility coming from operating earnings and our ability to get those earnings up to the holding company as dividends. We still -- we think this year although it's early and we will continue to update you. We do expect to get aggregate operating earnings to the holding company in form of dividends. We do think the stock is attractive and a prudent use of deployable capital. But we also think the combination of profitable growth opportunities either organically or through M&A and returning capital to shareholders through share repurchase is going to be the combination that will produce the greatest long-term value. 
Christopher J. Pagano: Well I think you know obviously the absence of any significant cats in 2013 and equally importantly additional capacity from the capital markets has produced some very favorable reinsurance pricing conditions. You know we’re looking at ballpark roughly 15% drop on a risk adjusted basis and I think we’re going to and we’ve already placed a portion of the program, we’ve got some cat bonds in place that are multiyear and some other multiyear and then we’ll go back into the market in June as we’ve done for the last several years.  I think where we’re seeing some additional flexibility is some willingness to provide multiyear coverage on an indemnity basis and then some flexibility around reinstatement premium. So those are the main factors what we’re seeing is the byproduct of the additional capacity in the reinsurance market and we’re going to factor all that in and we’ll update you when we finish the placement in June. 
Christopher J. Pagano: I'd say we always start with obviously the risk protection John and then once we’re comfortable with that then that’s where you can play at the margin with the trade-offs and the rates and pricing but that we always start with that risk management focus on our reinsurance line.
