Christopher J. Pagano: No. I guess the one thing I would comment on, again, the PDR is a forward-looking measure and so what we saw in the third quarter was higher than expected claims frequency and severity. And in addition to increasing claim reserves for the third quarter activity, we then decided that based upon that activity, we felt it was prudent to increase the PDR to reflect future loss experience and then some additional exit cost. So again, we're not really expecting an improvement in the fourth quarter, but our best estimate as of this point in time is captured in the PDR that we – the 169 PDR that we've got on for – at the end of third quarter.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah. I guess, we continue to believe we can achieve a 95% combined ratio longer term. This year, there's been a few one-offs in the earlier quarters but we continue to move toward that. We're on track there and think longer term we can get to the 95%.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, we ended third quarter with around $200 million of statutory capital. Again, that is pre-infusion, the $200 million that we've talked about in the prepared remarks is a fourth quarter level. And again, we continue – this is our best estimate. Keep in mind the capital infusion is based upon the stat PDR calculation, which is a bit more onerous and thorough with respect to what can be included. So, again, best estimate to the extent that we need to infuse more down the road, we're going to continue to monitor claims activity and make the necessary adjustments.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, the losses that are captured in the stat PDR, stat measure PDR, are more comprehensive on the GAAP side. So, again the $400 million is our best estimate right now. There will be some variability. But again, all of these policies terminate at the end of the year and capital is driven primarily by premiums. So as the business – as we exit the business, the capital will be released. We expect to get the majority of it back towards the end of 2016 with again the caveat being that we're still monitoring the claims experience in the fourth quarter.
Christopher J. Pagano: I don't think we've provided that. I mean I think the way I think about it is this was a higher than normal renewal quarter for that particular client, which had a disproportionate contribution to decline in the placement rate quarter-over-quarter. But the one thing you really want to focus on is 1.8 to 2.1 long term, that's where we think this is going. And again, we are – in years past, we were early and inaccurate predictors of the normalization. We feel like it is well underway now and we're taking the steps to adjust the infrastructure and then reposition our offerings around some of the fee-based business that we've talked about with respect to mortgage solutions.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah, I think our best guess at this point is they'll be reportable cat events in the case of the flooding. Flood claims tend to take some time to – for experience to evolve. So, it takes a little bit longer for us to figure out the full estimate, but we do expect they will be – both be reportable cat events not certainly necessarily that material but they will affect results in the fourth quarter.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah, Sean, the other thing I would just – sorry, just point out there, remember that there is intangible amortization that's going to occur in both Property and Solutions. That's going to be a drag on NOI, but not on cash flow, which is how we're thinking about acquisitions on a go-forward basis.
Christopher J. Pagano: Well, we think kind of the mid 30%s is sort of the longer term rate, keep in mind a couple of things. So, when you talk about non-cat loss ratio, there is mild weather that contributes to that, which of course is not something we can control, but then, we're seeing nationwide trends around fire, theft and vandalism that are positive. Just keep in mind, however, that longer term lower premium is going to be the bigger driver of that percentage. And so, it will drift higher as the normalization continues.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah. I mean I think that's fair. I mean clearly, the quarter benefited from a lower non-cat loss ratio, whether it's 3% or 5%, I mean again that's subject to debate, but again, it's the lower premium we're talking about, some of the expense takeouts that we're focused on. But 2015 has absolutely been better than it's been in the past several years.
Christopher J. Pagano: Well, again, so if you think about the total – the reserve strengthening and the adjustment to the premium reserve deficiency – deficiency reserve, excuse me, roughly 50-50. I mean, claims were 30% higher in the third quarter, caused us to strengthen (37:19)...
Christopher J. Pagano: And again, we're – just as Alan points out, certainly the results were disappointing, but this is unchartered territory. And I think the way we think about it is we have another quarter of claims and then this business moves into – we'll substantially be out of it. Premiums will drop significantly starting 1/1 as none of these policies will renew. We'll manage the claims process and the recoverables into the first half of 2016 and then expect to get majority of the statutory capital back over the second half of 2016 into early 2017.
Christopher J. Pagano: No, I mean I think and John, we've talked about this before, but again, this is a long-term process. If you look back over our track record the last five or six years, you can see a willingness to return capital to shareholders via share repurchase. We continue to think the stock is attractive. We want to be in the market consistently. Our pattern over the years has been to be a bit conservative heading into cat season. We're now coming out of cat season. We've got better visibility around operating earnings and the availability of those earnings as segment dividends. We've got the issue with Health and the infusion that's going to require. And then again, we look out in the first quarter, there is going to be a billion of proceeds and release of capital from the sale of Benefits, future operating earnings and then the return of capital from Health as we run the business off and exit by the end of 2016. So, again not quarter-over-quarter, but if you look at the 12-month to 18-month time horizon, you can see ample financial flexibility to execute on our capital management priorities.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah. So I mean, I think really we're talking about a timing issue and again we kind of talked about this time horizon 12 months to 18 months through the first quarter of 2017 basically and holistically how you think about inflows and outflows. In terms of the fourth quarter, again, we've talked about the Health infusion of $200 million. We've got some earnings from the operating segments that are going to come up. We tend to backend load our operating segment dividends. We've done that many, many years and feel pretty good about what we see in the fourth quarter. It's been a fairly light cat season, although we will have some cat losses in the fourth quarter to address. But really when I think about it – I don't want to think about it one quarter versus the next, but just more broadly over a – again in this case 12 months to 18 months with good line of sight on some substantial capital inflows.
Christopher J. Pagano: Again, when I – I put on my CRO hat now a little bit early, but I think that was a byproduct of some work we did in the early phases of our enterprises management initiative. We continue to evaluate it, but at this point feel it's still the right number for us on a go-forward basis.
Christopher J. Pagano: ...risk adjuster and the reinsurance recoverable, Mark, so rough – it's $160 million or so risk adjuster for 2015 and about $210 million for the reinsurance recoverable.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, well, there's cash and the return of capital. So, I think when you think about how much capital we're going to get back out of the business, it's bounded by the $400 million currently with any future adjustments to be made as claims emerge.
Christopher J. Pagano: Those are offsets to claims we've already paid, so it will not – that's not money that'll come back up to the holding company.
Christopher J. Pagano: So we did announce to our insurers that we were exiting the Health business. We're looking at the contributing factors, I mean again, it's – in terms of what cause the increasing claims activity, there's a seasonality element that always comes into play towards this, in the second half, but again back to the PDR, is our best estimate factoring in, the information we have available now and our best estimate of the loss experience and expenses going forward.
Christopher J. Pagano: Well, it's cash that's been paid out that we're then going to get money back on. We'll have paid that out over the course of the 2015 cohort claims experience.
Alan B. Colberg: I think the last thing I'd say on this, we're now on track as we've said to substantially exit the Health business by the end of 2016.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. We're really focused in Solutions and in Property on adding new growth vectors, new clients extending our offerings, and really living this being more than an insurance company which we are. With that said, FX volatility and some other challenges going on in international, Chris, you might want to comment on that.
Alan B. Colberg: And let me just clarify, Chris, I think you said $400 million, we put – we're planning to put $200 million additional capital into the fourth quarter, which brings us to a total stat capital of $400 million.
Alan B. Colberg: So, we'll – at the fourth quarter earnings call in February, we'll give an outlook for 2016 that will more specifically address that question. What I would reiterate is something I said in the call remarks, which is that as we think about next year broadly absent cats or significant hurricane activity, we believe we can sustain results in our ongoing businesses really through the combination of growth and market share expansion in Property and Solutions, which offsets the ongoing lender-placed normalization and some of the other runoff operations we have around credit and service contracts.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah, in the ongoing businesses, yes. And we'll provide more specifics on how we think about 2016 on that February earnings call for the fourth quarter.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. It's a long process that's been underway for a few years now and we think will continue to play out over the next couple of years. We've been very focused on broadening our distribution to be everywhere the consumer wants to go. And I think as you've seen from some of the announcements of our new partnerships, we feel like the Solutions team is making great progress in doing that, but more to come on the traditional retailers.
Alan B. Colberg: So, Sean, let me just make sure I was clear on what I said about 2016, which is when we talk about being able to sustain results, that's for the Assurant ongoing businesses. It's not a specific comment or Property versus Solutions.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. The positive in the fee income is, as we – I mentioned in the call script, we've had very strong organic growth building off of those selective M&A deals we did in 2013 and 2014 to create the mortgage solutions business. And then as you saw, we did another very small M&A deal in the quarter with Coast To Coast, really a similar thing building additional fee income around our vehicle service contract business. So, good organic growth in our fee income businesses. Probably continue very selective extensions of what we do around these businesses.
Alan B. Colberg: So, a couple of thoughts on that. If you think about the Property preservation business, that is really not related to that level of origination at all. The appraisal business is somewhat related to the origination activity. But more importantly, we're focused on gaining market share, which we've been doing, as we said 20% plus growth this year really driven by our strong relationships and partnerships with mortgage servicers that allows us to cross-sell these services. And so we feel good about our ability to continue to grow no matter what the external environment is for that business.
Alan B. Colberg: So a lot of dynamics going on. Really, what's driving all of this is consumer behavior is changing and increasingly consumers are buying digitally, whether that's from a traditional retailer's digital site or whether that's from these new and emerging digital players. What we have been doing, I think, very effectively is Solutions team is building these relationships and partnerships with the digital providers. We've talked in the past about eBay, Google, we mentioned today and there's really a rotation going on from traditional retailers to these digital retailers and we feel well positioned, certainly something when we next have an Investor Day in March, which I'll talk about in a minute, we'll provide a lot more detail on how this business is evolving.
Alan B. Colberg: Not necessarily. It varies a lot by retailer and digital retailer. I wouldn't want to generalize like that.
Alan B. Colberg: John, I think the way we think about it is certainly there is potential for additional variability, given this is unchartered waters for the industry. We're monitoring it closely. We've assumed that things don't get better from where they are today, will that assumption ultimately be right? There's no way to know. But we are monitoring closely. The other important thing here is that we are honoring all of our obligations to our policyholders as we wind down this business.
Alan B. Colberg: We can't really speculate on it. As we've said, there's variability potential here. We've assumed that the claims remain elevated as we look forward.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. So maybe – let me answer that by giving you a little bit of a sense of our broader 2016 priorities, because we're very positive and bullish on how this company is evolving. First thing, we're really focused on as we look to next year is completing this strategic repositioning. That's completing the sale of AEB, which we expect to happen in the first quarter, completing the substantial wind down and exit of Health, and really continuing to expand and grow our positions in housing and lifestyle, where we're very well positioned for taking market share and growing with growing markets. We are working hard to eliminate the overhang from Health and Employee Benefits. Some of the organizational changes that we announced last month and that allow us to really create a more agile, more efficient organization model. When you put all that together, that's how we're comfortable saying we think we can sustain results absent a cat next year in our ongoing businesses well absorbing the continuing normalization of lender-placed and some of the other runoffs in the retail business.
Alan B. Colberg: The other thing I'd add just quickly is if you look at the industry data we have which has lagged, so it's not up to date, it lags a few months. The industry is experiencing higher elevated claims as well, so we can't completely parse apart everything in it, but it's an industry wide issue as well.
Alan B. Colberg: All right. Well, thanks everyone for participating in today's call. We look forward to updating you on our progress when we report year-end results in February and at our Investor Day which we've now scheduled for March 8 in New York. As always, you can reach out to our Investor Relations team with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
John M. Nadel: Maybe – can I ask you and maybe this way, so obviously based on the accruals and assumptions you've got built into the balance sheet at this point for Health and really more thinking about it on the statutory basis, if things played out exactly as you expect, that $400 million inclusive of the infusion you're going to make this quarter, that $400 million will come back or something very close to that $400 million will come back to the parent in late 2016. How much worse would claims activity need to get to exhaust the entirety of that $400 million? Is it another 30% or is it 100% or something? Can you give...
John M. Nadel: Okay. And then, I know we'll talk more about an outlook for 2016 when you report your fourth quarter earnings in a few months, but can you give us a sense directionally at least thinking about the Corporate operating loss of $65 million, give or take, for 2015, ex some of the sale related costs, how should we think about that trending, because I assume you'll have to absorb some overhead that was formerly allocated to the Benefits and the Health business, but I'd...
John M. Nadel: Got it. Okay. And then a real quick, one last one for you. I know it's a little bit backward looking here but your capital position was very strong. You obviously had very – you had a lot – you exhibited a lot of confidence even before the announced sale of the Benefits business to Sun Life. You exhibited a lot of confidence in that process. I'm just curious, was there anything specific that held down the buyback in the third quarter, whether it was blackout (42:27) self-imposed related to the Benefits business sale, or just conservatism given it was hurricane season, some way of thinking about that.
John M. Nadel: Yeah. No, totally understand. Like I said I recognize it was a backward looking question, but it's the most popular question I got last night after you reported.
