Keith Demmings: I'd like to take a few minutes to discuss why we believe that Assurant is so attractively valued today. Assurant is a powerful differentiated business with unique advantages that have outperformed over time.  Our B2B2C business model throughout lifestyle and housing is different from other insurers and service-oriented companies. Not only do we operate in unique, highly specialized and attractive markets, but we hold strong market positions and benefit from our scale.  At our core, we provide specialty insurance solutions and fee-based services that are often deeply integrated with our large clients as we play an important role delivering services to their end customers. Our alignment with industry leaders and market disruptors has helped us generate significant scale within our businesses.  Our competitive advantages are further strengthened by our broad set of capabilities that allow us to innovate and execute for our partners and customers, enabling us to be flexible and agile.  We have compelling and unique aspects of our business model that we believe create advantages. Our low capital intensity businesses allow us to grow efficiently, while generating additional capital for deployment. This is evident through our capital efficiency and strong cash generation of $3.5 billion over the last five years.  Our risk profile is attractive. Earnings volatility is lowered by the risk sharing structures within our business models, reducing the impacts of macroeconomic volatility. For example, throughout connected living and global auto, approximately two-thirds of total risk is reinsured or profit shared to our partners.  Within housing, our portfolio simplification efforts have focused on exiting more capital intensive businesses, which has enhanced our risk profile. In addition, our robust catastrophe program substantially limits retained risk due to the low per occurrence retention level and high limit at the top end of the tower.  Lastly, we're well positioned to adjust pricing to enable our targeted rates of return. Lender-placed is a prime example where a product has a built-in annual inflation guard feature to ensure policy pricing accounts for higher labor and materials cost, as we've seen over the last two years.  In auto, most of our client deals structures share in the risk through reinsurance or profit shares. This creates close alignment between Assurant's underlying economics and our client's financial results.  Given this dynamic, we have the ability to adjust rates together with our clients to account for inflation impacts in the broader market. Over the past 18 months, we've successfully worked with our clients to put through prospective rate increases on new vehicle service contracts.  Financial performance is paramount for Assurant. While growth may not always be linear, we've delivered average annual earnings and EPS growth of double digits since 2019, which has generated significant cash flow. Our 2024 outlook adds to this historical growth that we've delivered.  To demonstrate the strength of our business model, we thought it would be useful to show how we perform versus a broad group of insurers on an adjusted earnings basis given the available data. Please keep in mind this example is not to suggest a new peer group. We've selected the S&P 1500 P&C index to highlight our performance against a credible and broad index that includes members we're often compared to, including specialty and P&C insurers.  Over the past five years, we've grown double digits and outperform the index. Our average annual adjusted earnings growth rate excluding cats of 12% is almost double the index growth rate of 7% over the same time period.  Including reportable cats, we've also outpaced the market, driving 10% average annual growth versus the index growth rate of 6%. We believe that our consistent ability to demonstrate strong, profitable growth in returns with lower volatility and required capital makes Assurant attractively valued.  I'm confident that we'll continue to drive long term profitable growth and create shareholder value.  And with that, operator, please open the call for questions.
Keith Demmings: No, we're going to be picking up all of the loans and then all of the policies, but the placement rate on that particular block of business is just lower than the average. If you look at our current average, it's 1.8%. It'll be south of that, just the nature of the loans and the nature of the business. But to the more fundamental point, really excited about the opportunity and many years in the making, and a huge congratulations to our lender-placed team for doing an incredible job building a relationship. And then obviously getting to this point is incredibly exciting and extremely validating.
Keith Demmings: And just one final thought. Modestly better in the quarter when you make the adjustment at 38%. But that's just normal seasonality, nothing we would really point to there, Mark.
Keith Demmings: Maybe I'll take that. And I think what I would say is, there's a handful of clients and deal structures where we're feeling the pressure on the underwriting results, which we've talked about. We've made significant rate adjustments over the last 18 months or so, with all five of these clients and feel really good about how we're positioned. The relationships are incredibly strong. To your point, our contracts are built with transparency. We've got very much aligned interests in terms of financial performance. So we put a lot of rate in, we'll continue to look at performance, obviously monitor claims activity.  I would say that we saw things level off in the fourth quarter, which is a good sign. We've stabilized severity in the business. And then, based on the nature of these service contracts, it takes a little longer for it to earn through than when you think about what happened within the housing, business. Those are annual policies. These are three, four or five, six year policies. So it's a little bit different from that perspective. But I would say we feel really well positioned and certainly see improvement in 2024, and that should continuing to flow through in 2025 and beyond.
Keith Demmings: I'll probably offer a couple of thoughts. Obviously, it's a pretty exciting development. We're super proud of the team in Australia. And it's a great example of leveraging our capabilities and our global reach. It's going to roll out in phases. We expect to launch in the first quarter, and then there's a number of different phases to the rollout. So it'll be, I would say, probably modestly EBITDA negative this year in terms of the investment to get that wrapped up. Obviously, I would expect it to be significantly improved certainly in 2025 – sorry, in 2025 over 2024.  In terms of the size and scale of investments, so one thing I would say, Tommy, there's quite a bit of investment going on with Assurant. Certainly, we talked about BofA, but even just on the lifestyle and connected living side, Telstra is one example. Obviously, we're talking about it publicly. But there are also a lot of other investments that we're making, building out capabilities. And we're in many, many discussions with different clients, different prospects, about rolling out new product, new services. So I would say we probably have more investment going on, even beyond Telstra, within connected living this year than we would in a normal average year.  When we talk about mid-single-digit growth for lifestyle, you could probably think about the investment, putting pressure on that by a few points. So it would be more in the high single-digit range, if we weren't making some of these – what for us are significant investments in the future.
Keith Demmings: Tommy, just to add a little bit more color on how I'm thinking about that. When you look at the overall guide for the year, we're overcoming $54 million of PYD in housing. And then, we don't have material tailwinds on investment income. It might be modestly positive, but not like what we saw this year. So, obviously, being able to deliver strong growth on top of those two factors, we feel really good about, along with the investments that I mentioned earlier.
Keith Demmings: We certainly stabilized Japan here, if we look at the last couple of quarters, Q3 and Q4 in terms of the overall financial performance. So we feel good about that. And I would say as we look forward to 2024, expect to see some modest improvement over time. And then, to Keith's point, longer term, still an exciting market for us.
Keith Demmings: Wonderful. Okay. We will call it a wrap for today and we'll look forward to speaking to everybody again in May. And then, obviously, in the meantime, please feel free to reach out to our IR team who'll be happy to answer any questions that anybody has. But thanks very much, and we'll talk soon.
Keith Meier: This is Keith Meier. So I think the first thing I would say is the positive reserve development was more in relation to the higher inflationary environment that we had previously. Now that that's more settled, that's what's really been the change in the estimates that our team has made there. So I think that was more the driver than any other type of weather activity or any other type of experience. So I think that was the key there.  In terms of your question on the quarter, the way to think about that is if you take out the prior year, the prior period development, and over the whole year, we basically are about at about a 40% non-cat loss ratio. It's about a point better than last year. And then if you think about, looking at 2024, we would see our non-cat loss ratio to be somewhat level to what we're seeing in 2023. So that's probably the way to think about our views on the non-cat loss ratio.
Keith Meier: That's mainly the higher trade-in volumes that we have seen in the fourth quarter. So, in the fourth quarter, we also saw the addition of two new programs. So, one with one of the major OEMs and then also a program that cuts across several of our other clients. Then that's also tempered a little bit by some of the promotional activity. But, overall, we felt really good about the trade-in performance in the quarter.
Keith Meier: It's a blend of both employee actions, as well as some of our facilities that we've been able to gain some efficiencies on as well.  But I think in terms of the expense efficiencies for housing, we had a really, really strong year. And it's really been the story of the last couple of years, especially a lot of our technology investments and the work that we've done through our digital programs, and really driving an even better customer experience.  When you look at our expense ratio year-over-year, we're down 6 points from 46 to about 40. And so, that really has been the story of a lot of our technology investments that we've been making. And I think that's what's enabling us to – if you think, into 2024, we should be able to take a lot more expense leverage with the growth we had in housing, but not increasing our expenses in a corresponding way. So really proud of the work that our teams have done there to not just lower the cost, but also create advantages in the market. And I think when you think about the customer experience that we've been delivering, I think that's a great example of why a client like Bank of America would want to do business with Assurant. So I think those investments are paying off in multiple ways.
Keith Meier: Tommy, I think, one, in terms of our expectations for next year, we see investment income being relatively flat to slightly up. You mentioned the higher results for this quarter. We had our real estate joint venture sale. So, that contributed. We don't think we'll have as high of real estate sales into next year. But we do think it should be relatively positive going into next year. Right now, our portfolio book yield is at 4.99%, so just under 5%. New money rates will be a little bit higher than that. And so, we do expect as the year goes on, of course, the Feds expected to reduce rates through the year. So depending on the timing of some of those rate changes, those will be kind of offsetting the increase that you saw this year. So, overall, we think we're in a pretty good place from an investment income standpoint, but probably slightly up for next year.
Keith Meier: Starting with Japan, we mentioned the four-year customer contracts that were running off, and then the new contracts were evergreen, that's still going to be a bit of a pressure for us, not as much as 2023, but they'll still be a pressure for us in 2024.  I think that is offset a little bit by some new structures and new programs that we have launched in Japan. So that's where that you'll see that moderating. And I think longer term, I feel even better about Japan where, a few years ago, we only had a couple of relationships with the mobile carriers. Now you fast forward to today, we've got active business that we do with all of the four top mobile operators. And so, in our business, it's not easy to win big clients, but when you can be an existing partner already, and then be able to grow that relationship from there, I think that puts us in a very good position and why we have a lot of optimism for the future of Japan. But with some of those new programs coming up, I think that's what's allowed us to feel like we've gotten past some of those headwinds from before.
Keith Meier: In terms of the macroeconomic conditions, Brian, I don't think we're expecting anything significant. Obviously, we talked about interest rates and things like that. But beyond that, there's nothing that's contemplated that's that significant.
