Alan B. Colberg: Yeah, Seth. Let me start. This is Alan, and then Chris can add a few other comments. I think, we're going to continue the same capital management approach that we've had, which is a disciplined and balanced deployment of capital between returning capital to shareholders and investing in the future of the company. And I think, you saw the first quarter is a good example of that. We ended the quarter with essentially the same amount of capital that we started. We have $320 million of deployable capital still on hand. We still expect segment dividends to approximate what we're going to earn in the segments. We returned capital. We still think the stock is attractively priced. And so I think, it's business as usual as we go through the next few quarters.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. A couple of thoughts on that, Seth. I mean, I think, we feel very good about the Employee Benefits business and franchise. They do have really strong and unique capabilities, and we've been investing heavily over the last many years now, especially the last three years, four years to really build out the voluntary business and capabilities in the dental. We think those are very attractive assets and for a owner more focused on healthcare and employee benefits, it used to be a very positive addition to another company, but that's really been the pressure, somewhat investing, somewhat we've been in the low interest rate environment as well, which puts pressure on the earnings of that segment.
Alan B. Colberg: So we have several different businesses under Property. In addition to the one you mentioned, we have multifamily housing. You've seen how well we've grown that business and we've continued to have double-digit growth now for multiple years in that business, and we expect to continue to grow. There's a significant opportunity to penetrate that market further, gain share in that market. We've created a new growth engine for us over the last few years called mortgage solutions. We see very robust growth for us, as we leverage our capabilities and our distribution to expand our footprint in that business. And then finally, in flood, we are one of the market leaders in flood and we've seen good growth in flood in the last couple years. So we see pretty strong growth in all the other lines, beyond lender-placed.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah, what we've seen in retail for quite a few years now has been a gradual decline in the bricks-and-mortar distribution being more than offset by growth in other channels, whether that's through other forms of retail like digital or through OEMs. It's really a macro trend that we've been expecting, and we've been investing against over the last many years, and as you heard Chris say or I think we say in the outlook, our view is Solutions is still going to be consistent with last year despite the various trends going on.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah, you know, I think we feel like there's been good progress in international. We see lots of opportunities to continue to expand our offerings there and become more integrated around the risk event and be more than just insurance. As Chris was talking about, we do have some noise sometimes in the short-term and we had a couple one-timers around integration cost in the quarter that affect the quarter, but we still feel like there's good progress and we are moving forward toward the returns that we expect in international.
Alan B. Colberg: Yes. So, let me start broadly on that and then answer specifically, I mean the intent of refocusing the company around housing and lifestyle is to create a more attractive company for our shareholders. That comes from a few different points. One is we have a proven track record in those areas of generating specialty returns long term. Virtually every business that is part of the future of Assurant were a market leader ,and that's something we can build off of. Almost everyone of those businesses we're doing more than just insurance. We have integrated offerings around the risk event, which allow us to have better duration with partners, better economics for us. In general, these are less capital-intensive businesses and so what we really are focused on is free cash flow generation. That gives us the power to create value for our shareholders through the capital deployment. And as we looked across our portfolio by far the highest profitable growth potential we have is in these areas of housing and lifestyle really leveraging the consumer trends, the market trends, et cetera. And one of the things that we're going to do later this year, as we refocus on the future of Assurant and we get the Health and Benefits transitions behind us. We will put out new metrics and new disclosures and we'll hold an Investor Day late this year to really help everyone understand how to think about Assurant going forward. But we're very excited about the opportunities ahead and we think we're going to generate more cash flow in the future, not less.
Alan B. Colberg: So, yeah, so, there are a couple things. So the mobile client in Latin America, there were some issues with a higher repair and replacement cost, product availability. This happens from time-to-time, one of the benefits of having partnerships is that we are able to make adjustments to pricing terms and conditions in conjunction with our partner and return to profitability, which we expect to – target profitability, excuse me, which we expect to happen over the next one or two quarters. The one-time integration costs are related to the acquisition of the CWI Group. So that's Europe, again mobile, but Europe. So which is a one-time, not repeat. So you'll see the combination of the one-timer and then the return to target profitability in the Latin American mobile client will help improve the combined ratio.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah, all of the changes in terms of terms and conditions and pricing have all been finalized. Correct.
Alan B. Colberg: The other important point I would make is there are really three programs now that we're eligible for because of having sold on exchanges for the last open enrollment, we're eligible for the risk corridor program as well. We took a prudent approach there, which is we did not book a net recoverable on the risk corridor.
Alan B. Colberg: No. We're not. We're running separate processes. The processes are very robust and very thorough. But we fundamentally believe the buyer universe is very different for those two businesses, and so they are completely separate. We also think that approach maximizes value for our shareholders. And one of the reasons why we announced this when we did was to ensure the widest possible participation in the sale of both of those businesses, but they're completely separate processes.
Alan B. Colberg: I don't have that in front of us. What we've been focused on is we do have strong organic growth in many parts of Solutions and Property, and the fee income, a lot of that in mobile is organic. But I don't have that in front of me. We do feel good though about the future growth potential of the companies and the businesses that are part of the Assurant of tomorrow.
Alan B. Colberg: Well, thank you, everyone, for participating in today's call. We look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. As always, you can reach out to our investor relations team with any follow-up questions. Thanks.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah, I think, couple more things to add. Again, we are assessing the intrinsic value of the stock relative to the share price, and we think, share repurchase is a prudent use of capital. So, we're going to continue to do that. But we also think that, again, this is combination of returning capital to shareholders and investing in profitable growth opportunities in the housing and lifestyle sectors that's going to create long term shareholder value. So as Alan said, this – or as we think we've been consistent in the last five years, six years with our capital deployment process. It's worked quite well for us and we see no reason to change it now.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah. The other thing I'd point out just in particular on mortgage solutions is that the investment thesis and our thought process around investing in that space was not about growth in market, but growth in market share, leveraging our position as a trusted advisor, expanding product offerings to the existing client base, as well as gaining new clients, and we're seeing that happening already.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah, I think, well, originally when we acquired those businesses within the mortgage solutions space, it was roughly $250 million of revenue. We expect $300 million of revenue this year. The other thing we expect is expanding operating margins as we leverage scale, and then of course multifamily housing has got smaller but double-digit revenue growth, which again meets our investment criteria.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yeah, again maybe just some – couple specifics on Health in particular. Absent a sale, we will not be open for 2016 open enrollment. So what we do expect is to be substantially out of the Health business by the end of 2016. So while we enroll for 2015 and through that process we will appropriately capitalize the business, but then expect by the end of 2016 to have gotten significant, if not all the capital out.
Christopher J. Pagano: Well, again it's early in the process, but as we go through the sale process of Health and Benefits, we are reassessing the corporate infrastructure and our operating efficiencies, and we'll address the issue of stranded cost during that time.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, I think in terms of what's already in the numbers, I think, you're looking at roughly a 7% rate reduction that's reflected. There's always ongoing rate reviews...
Christopher J. Pagano: – on an annual basis, ongoing dialog with the states, which may affect the rate reductions going forward. Keep in mind, we're also making some changes around the infrastructure, operational efficiencies in response to the normalization of lender-placed, so again lots of moving parts there, but I think roughly 7% of call it virtually all of the rate reductions from last year are now in the numbers.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, couple things, again, increased higher expense ratio associated with the fee business, it's important to remember that there's no loss ratio associated with that business. So again -
Christopher J. Pagano: – an important distinction there. We do think sort of the insurance expense ratio is going to be in the mid-40s percentage over the long-term combines in sort of 85% to 90% I think is sort of the longer term projection we've got there. A lot of that is going to be dependent upon our ability to standardize and create greater efficiencies around the lender-placed infrastructure, which we are now net investors, the first half of the year. We expect to be net savers in the second half and in the out year. So we'll keep pace with the normalization of lender-placed. And at the end we think we're still going to have a 20% ROE business which definitely meets our definition of specialty.
Christopher J. Pagano: Just qualitatively, John, they are small loan portfolios with high placement rate. I think, the challenge on quarter-over-quarter placement rate and premium linkage is always a challenge. I think, the longer term 17 basis point decline year-over-year is a better indication, and again this trend towards 1.8% to 2.1% over the long term is really, we still see that trend in place.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, I don't have the breakdown international versus domestic. I'd tell you in general, the acquisitions we've done in 2013 and 2014 in Specialty Property and Solutions, it's roughly $40 million to $45 million of intangible amortization on a pre-tax basis. And again, you're right to point that out because what we're focused on is cash and that's going to be a non-cash drag on operating income, but doesn't affect how we think about the business and how the investment thesis and how we value the acquisitions initially.
Christopher J. Pagano: So the loss reflects changes in estimates around 2014 risk-mitigation programs and then also estimates around the 2015 program. Again, very early in the process with respect to 2015. In particular as you think about the risk adjustment mechanism, we have some information about our own block but have no information on the market yet. And then, we expect to be told at the end of June what the actual reinsurance recoverable and risk adjustment amounts will be from our 2014 block. So still very early in the phase for 2015 and we'll know by the end of the second quarter hopefully what the 2014 actuals will be.
Christopher J. Pagano: So there are two blocks of accruals. The first of the accrual's around the 2014 policies. Those are -
Christopher J. Pagano: Okay. So 2015, so we for the – the risk adjustment mechanism we accrued $64 million, and we will continue to accrue throughout the course of 2015. And then as we sit here, a year from now, we'll be waiting for final amounts around the 2015 policies in mid-June of 2016.
Christopher J. Pagano: No. The GAAP equity is slightly higher. I think, if you look at the year-end numbers, we had $440 million of GAAP equity, and I believe stat capital was right around $400 million.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, on the eMortgage Logic, so again that's part of the broader mortgage solutions initiative. The combined revenue of the acquisitions at the point of time was roughly $250 million. We expect about $300 million this year. We do expect also some margin expansion. We're having success cross-selling, leveraging our distribution as a trusted advisor and selling products on the appraisal and property preservation and broker price opinion side into the same clients, so really executing right according to plan there. CWI, we're still in the midst of integration again with – the LSG team is driving that. We do think that that's going according to plan and will give us a nice footprint in Europe around global mobile.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, I think, in terms of the one-timer we're talking about mid-single digits millions pre-tax and then probably $2 million to $3 million pre-tax in terms of the client replacement cost and re-contracting in mobile in LatAm.
Christopher J. Pagano: So, with the way we go about share repurchase is 10b5-1. And the activity in April was all during a blackout on all part of the 10b5-1 program. So, continued again, think the stock is attractive, want to be in the market consistently, and have ample financial flexibility to do that.
