Alan Colberg: So, first of all, it's important to reflect on our Preneed business. We have a unique and strong business. We have our important distribution partners that are in a long-term contract, we have a block of business that's continued to perform well even through COVID-19. And what I would say on the process is we're encouraged. There is strong interest and robust interest in our company and in Preneed. And we're hopeful that we'll be able to announce something in advance of our Q1 earnings call. In terms of valuation, I think it's not really appropriate to speculate on that as we're in the middle of the process. But I do think we're on track to deliver a good and strong outcome for our shareholders at the end of the day, and further reposition the balance of Assurant and focus on our growth engines around the connected world and our strong specialty P&C offerings.
Alan Colberg: So, extended service contracts are part of our Connected Living business, given the kind of convergence and overlap we see between mobile and service contracts. We mentioned on the call today that we've extended and deepened our relationship with Lowe's, which is an important service contract partner. And we talked in the prepared remarks about the inclusion of what we call Pocket Geek Home, which we're excited about as kind of a next generation innovation. It's really around providing all the services to keep you connected for every connected device that you own. So that's exciting. But broadly, if you look at Connected Living, it was another year of strong growth that includes in our service contract business. And we continue to believe and you see it with our success that we've been able to expand and grow and deepen. I think we've announced now more than a dozen or so new partnerships in the last three or four years, really driven by our innovation, and our strength in key global markets around the world like Japan and Europe. So, I think we feel good about the momentum and we're going to continue to invest to differentiate. We, for example, in 2020, we substantially increased our investment in digital midyear. Just not that we aren't already strong in digital, but we see the impact of COVID and we want wanted to make sure we're doing everything possible to drive a complete digital omni channel experience for our customers.
Alan Colberg: Yeah, if I reflect on the subscriber count, certainly 2020 was still a positive year. We grew the subscriber count despite COVID and despite the numerous disruptions and store closures that happened throughout the year. We had challenges in Latin America, the region that was most disrupted probably by COVID. But as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we had strong growth in North America and Asia Pacific. And, with the Sprint business, we are beginning to ramp that and that will grow strongly as we go through 2021 and beyond. So, certainly grew a little bit slower than prior years, really because of COVID, but the underlying momentum and strength of that business remains strong.
Alan Colberg: Brian, I think the most important thing on Preneed is, we're very hopeful that we'll get to a great outcome for our shareholders as the first most important thing. If you look at our history, we have a strong track record of disciplined capital management and deploying capital to support and grow our company over time. Normally, we focus first on organic growth and ensuring that we're funding the growth that's happening. We have strong underlying organic growth across our company. And then we look at M&A and return to capital. With M&A as a reminder, we have a very high hurdle, we look at cash-on-cash IRR and we're really just focused in our key growth engines of the connected world. So that's mobile, auto and renters that's where the bulk of that would be. And if we have excess capital, our track record of returning it to shareholders over time is strong.
Alan Colberg: Yeah, if you look at our business, we continue to grow and gain share, our policies were up 8% last year, so we added net something like 200,000 policies, give or take to 2.4 million. And we've really invested over the last couple of years. If you do a side-by-side of our purchase experience digitally, it's as good and easy to use for consumers as any digital experience that's out there from any company. And then importantly, in the property management channel, we're rolling out Cover360, which really will drive attachment over time. It makes the whole process of compliance and having the appropriate coverage easy. So, we feel good about our momentum. We continue to grow and gain share relative to the market. If you think about multifamily, it was disrupted by COVID more than many of the markets in the U.S. just given the challenges with renters. We had a lot less mobility last year of people moving. And despite that, we grew policies 8% so, it's a good business. We continue to gain share and we continue to invest to differentiate our offering.
Alan Colberg: So, Mark, appreciate that. Maybe I'll start. And then, Richard, you can go deeper on the question around investment income. If you look at that business, since we closed on The Warranty Group, we mentioned this in the prepared remarks, we've added something like 13% to our service contract count. That's over the last couple of years. That bodes very well for the future. Those are embedded future earnings. They're going to come through. And if you look at the underlying growth in the business before considering the investment income impacts, this is a longer duration product and others in our portfolio other than Preneed, very strong underlying growth, really driven by expanding share in our key dealer relationships and beginning to drive some of our capabilities from mobile into the business. We've also recently announced partnerships in Europe. And we've announced previously a partnership in China around electric vehicles. That's another source of innovation growth, I think, put aside, the kind of short term what shows up in our earnings, the underlying strength is strong. But Richard, you should comment more on investment income and how we think about that.
Alan Colberg: And Mark, maybe the other thing I'd add on investment income policies, if we look at Preneed and the process, we're in and assuming we get to a good outcome there, Preneed is something like 40% or 45% of our total investment portfolio, and even more of the volatility just given long duration. So, one of the other benefits of successful outcome of Preneed is the even further reduce our exposure to interest rates as a company which will create more stability in the future.
Alan Colberg: Yeah, and Mark, the other thing I would add to summarize kind of what Richard said, more than half of our improvement we believe has been driven by actions we have taken, the ones Richard mentioned. The other thing we've been investing heavily in is AI and Automation, which has the benefit of driving better CX as well as improved efficiency. So, there is some effect of what's happening in the industry, but we feel most of this is being driven by us and we do expect some step up in '21 given 2020 was particularly low, but we feel good about the actions we've taken to drive improvement here.
Alan Colberg: Yeah. One of the things that we look at is if you really step back and look at our company, we've over the last four or five years really evolved to be much more of a fee income service business type company. We have a track record of strong profitable growth. If you look at it, we've delivered now we mentioned on this call, four years in a row of strong operating earnings growth. We have a cash flow ability as we've said many times over the years, if we earn $1 at our segments, we can on average get that to the holding company. And if you look at that, if you look at the competitors that we're evolving into, now people in the home services market or others, they all trade on multiples of EBITDA, that are in the mid-teens and we are well below that. And so, we continue to look at how do we help our investors better understand just the quality of our franchise, the 17 plus year client tenure that we mentioned earlier, the investments we've made differentiate. And over time, we continue to believe our stock is attractively priced, and we're going to work on continuing to evolve our metrics and disclosures and how we deploy capital to maximize the value for our shareholders.
Alan Colberg: I think in that business, I'm really encouraged about - excuse me, the momentum we're starting to see when we acquired The Warranty Group, they had just signed a significant new client in that space. And then as we announced on the call earlier today, we've just signed another new client. So, we've got several potential growth drivers in the future that makes us pretty optimistic about that. In terms of the areas that have been disrupted by travel - COVID, that's really travel. And we'll see how that plays out this year. But we expect to see improvement over time. And the new clients and the new offerings over the last couple of years have us in a much better position for this business to grow and contribute in the coming years.
Alan Colberg: And maybe, Richard let me start just briefly, yeah, I'll start briefly, and you can provide more. At a high level, we're looking at kind of the future of work and what those models are. We've shown we had about 30% of our employees' virtual pre COVID. And post COVID, we'll no doubt have a higher percent. So, we are looking at that and evaluating it. But I think the main driver is really our ongoing expense management and just aligning our resources with the growth of the company. But Richard, why don't you add particularly on the real estate.
Alan Colberg: No, I think the important thing with that business is all of ours, it is competitive. That's just the reality of the markets that we all compete in. With that said, we have a really strong position there. We've invested and continue to invest in differentiating our capabilities around compliance, around customer experience. We're early in this rolling out our SSP, our single source platform, which really differentiates our tracking capabilities. And as we mentioned, we've renewed something like 85% of our relationships over the last two years, many of them early as we prepare to work with our clients on the conversion to our new tracking system. So, I don't see the competitive pressure changing a lot, it's always there. But we've shown our ability if you look at the last decade, we've been able to grow that business dramatically, really driven off of the value that we're creating for our partners and for our customers.
Alan Colberg: Yeah, a couple comments on that. So, if we look over the last five, six, seven years, we've significantly reduced our exposure through the purchase of reinsurance. If you go back to 2012, '13, we were at about $240 million of retained event exposure. We're down to $80 million. We've also morphed our reinsurance tower more than half of its multiyear now, which also creates a lot of stability and we've also been pruning non-strategic risk. So, a great example of that was our exit of small commercial a year or so ago. So, when we look at it, we'll always look at there are other actions that could further share some of that cat exposure away. But if we look at the overlap between our Housing business and our Lifestyle business, it's strong. If you think about the convergence around the home, the device, the car, we're starting to see opportunities to roll out what we do in Lifestyle, in the Housing. A lot of our mobile capabilities are really relevant in renters and in the connected home. Also, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, even in a relatively high cat year, we had a 15% ROE with cats in Housing. So, it's generating strong earnings, lots of cash to reinvest and continues to be an important part of our strategy and portfolio with the caveat that we have reduced our cat volatility a lot and we'll continue to look at ways to reduce that cat volatility.
Alan Colberg: All right, excellent, and if I just take a moment and reflect more broadly. We're really proud of 2020 and what our employees did to support our customers and clients through COVID. It was a strong growth year for us, both in Connected Living and then broadly in Housing. We continue to execute against our long-term strategy. You heard us say that, we still expect to deliver on the 2019 Investor Day objectives, including the 12% average annual operating EPS growth in 2020 and '21. And we continue to gain share, which really augurs well for the future as we invest, differentiate and encourage our clients to add more of our capabilities into their products. And then finally, we mentioned that we're encouraged by the progress on the potential sale of Global Preneed and hope to have some positive outcome to share shortly. So, thank you for participating in today's call. To summarize, we're really pleased with our performance in 2020. And we're going to continue to focus on building a stronger company in 2021. Following the conclusion of our evaluation of alternatives for Global Preneed, we are planning to provide our full year outlook for 2021 at that point. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Richard Dziadzio: Sure, and just to add on to that, I mean, only part of the earnings obviously, are coming from investment income. And the overall portfolio, I would say is more-shorter in duration relative to Preneed. You think about Preneed, having a duration maybe of 10-years, think about half that or less for Auto. So, the current drop in interest rates has had somewhat of a headwind impact on us. Who knows how long that's going to last? Right. But in terms of moving forward, I think, for a large part, we've taken into account the short-term interest rate impact this year so far. So that, I don't think short-term rates are going to go any lower, much lower. So, I think that's all settled in. And that's just cash coming in and out of the enterprise there. And then from a longer-term basis, I think your question is a good one. As things move on, if interest rates stay low, it's a competitive environment. So, we'll see with pricing, but that typically would happen in any market, where there's some sort of interest rate spreads embedded in products. So, overtime that should re-price. Obviously, Mark, there's typically a lag in things like that. In terms of 2021, we feel really good. As Alan said, I mean, the business has good momentum, we've grown the number of protected vehicles that we've had. Our recent acquisition of EPG bodes well for the synergies and integration that we have with that company into ours and future growth, AFAS this summer as well. Good, good, strong acquisition for us. So, we think we're the strongest player, one of the strongest players in the market and positioned to win as we go forward.
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah, good question. We have had, lower non-cat loss ratio this year, a lower non-cat loss ratio relative to last year. And that comes from a couple of different parts. I think the first part is small commercial, we exited that business, which was weighing on our overall non-cat loss ratio. The second part would be the underwriting we've done and improvements within the specialty property, and particularly the sharing economy part of the business with the growth there that we've had, and some nice results there. So those two items, I would say, are very particular to Assurant. So, not a phenomenon across the market. And then, we've also seen claims come down and frequency of claims this year. We're not so much thinking it's due to COVID as we're thinking it's really due to kind of weather, more or less weather and the wind, the flood and things like that this year, we did have a little more increase in the cats that we've had this year. So maybe there's a play against those too as well. Looking forward, we think that as we said, in 2021, the non-cat loss ratio will move up. But we don't think it's going to move up that much. It's probably potentially a slow conversion towards where we were in the past. But given what we've done in our underwriting, the movements that I discussed a moment ago, we think, we're going to be in a better place next year than we were historically. So we'll move up a little bit, progressively, but not as much as, not to where we were in 2021, it is our prediction.
Richard Dziadzio: No, I think the biggest part of the headwind was really in terms of them positioning themselves for 2021 and for growth. I mean, overall, they had a good year, despite the pandemic. And we do think that going forward, the profitability is going to increase over Q4 in Europe. So, we really do think it was a kind of a one-time thing where there were several small items that we do not expect to recur.
Richard Dziadzio: No, that's exactly right, Alan. I think the other thing is, we were seeing a trend coming down, even prior to the pandemic. So, we're not thinking that pandemic I mean, there could be a small part of that, but that's not something that is a driver.
Richard Dziadzio: I think, when we think of real estate, I think of the word facilities. So, it is linked to our facilities and how we're using our facilities going forward. We had a couple leases that were coming due early in 2021, we're not going to be going back to that space. We'll be getting new space or working from home in a new work environment. So, we just had to take an acceleration of the expense on that leasehold improvements and so forth. So, it's really positioning when we get to the fourth quarter, we started to position ourselves, Okay, next year, what's our footprint? Where should we be, from a headcount point of view, but also from a facilities point of view? So, we don't think that the actions we take in fourth quarter are a harbinger of things to come, it's really just a one-time $11 million total impact which is why we called it out as such.
Richard Dziadzio: And if I could just add to that, I mean, as Alan says, to reduce our cat volatility, we do get the question and we do look at it every year. I mean, obviously, this year was a little bit special with the pandemic and with the amount of capital that was in the reinsurance market. We've seen that capital now come back. So, we'll keep looking at things like bringing down the retention, purchasing aggregates and doing other things, quota shares or whatever, that could reduce the volatility a little as we go forward. In my prepared remarks, I said we can't plan on anything and we're not planning on anything to 2021. But as Alan said, we are keeping our eyes wide open to opportunities there.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, Mark, I think the important way to think about lender-placed is, whether the housing market weakens or not, we don't know. And we're not seeing a lot of real evidence that the housing market is weakening. But through the actions over the last four or five years, we've now got to lender-placed to where it's roughly stable on earnings ex-cat even if the housing market remains strong. And obviously if the housing market does weaken at some point, we're going to be there to provide the support to the mortgage market that we've historically provided. So, we don't know what might happen this year. There is always a lag. It depends a lot on what happens with the government foreclosure moratoriums. But we've certainly called out that our business has been impacted negatively in 2020 and continuing with just the lack of REO volume, given the foreclosure moratoriums that are going on. But the business is well positioned and if the market does weaken, we're going to be there and we will support the mortgage industry through that.
Richard Dziadzio: It really as I mentioned, it really depends on what happens with foreclosure moratoriums. If there is weakness in the housing market, eventually we should see that flow through into our business. We just - it's hard to say when given what's happening in the broader economy and with our government dealing with COVID.
Richard Dziadzio: No, our business is driven by many things, but where we've seen the biggest kind of short-term negative impact is just the foreclosure moratoriums and therefore, properties aren't moving through the process that you would normally have seen. But again, we are well positioned if the market does weaken and it's allowed to function like it historically has. We're well positioned to benefit and support that. And as I said in my prepared remarks - As I said in the prepared remarks, Mark, we're not counting on any sort of big return in our real volumes next year, given the forbearance moratoriums and an extension of them. So, we do think that over time, when the market kind of gets back to a balance, and we get past the pandemic and the moratoriums, it'll start to increase maybe second half of the year a little bit, probably more into 2022, as we kind of get back to and if we call it an equilibrium, but more normal times.
