Alan Colberg: Yes, no, Mark. First is the question, you know a couple of thoughts on how to think about expenses in Global Lifestyle. First, it is important to remember that we have an ongoing mix shift occurring in that business, whereas we increasingly drive services and fee income. You are going to see SG&A growing and you're going to see the traditional underwriting or premium not growing. And so part of what you're seeing there is just about mix shift and that's going to continue. We are going to continue to add the additional services. Most of what went on in 2019 was really to absorb the growth which was extraordinary in Lifestyle 2019 and this set up for continued growth in 2020. You also have the one-time IT severance event in Q4 which was also about setting up and helping fund the transition we need to continue to make to cloud, to digital, to even strengthening further our customer experience. But we feel good about lifestyle's 2019 results and very well positioned for continued growth in 2020.
Alan Colberg: Yes, so let me provide some context on how we think about this sharing economy. So as we look to the future and the shift in ownership models from owning to renting, we see a strong alignment between what we're doing in the Connected Car or what we see happening around rental and the sharing economy, and we've been investing in a variety of experiments over the last couple years to understand how might these covers evolve, how might our services evolve. One of them didn’t perform the way we expected this year in 2019, so we took aggressive action at the end of the year to improve the results and we expect those results to improve significantly as we head into next year. But again the sharing economy, very strategic for us and something we're going to continue to invest in as we go forward.
Alan Colberg: Yes, you know, first I want to congratulate our partner on what could be a potentially transformative merger for them and for the U.S. wireless industry. And I think we're in a good position with T-Mobile. Over the last seven, eight years, we've become their partner of choice for everything they're doing broadly in the mobile ecosystem and that sets us up well to continue to grow with them. So too early to speculate on what might happen, and to be clear, we said this on Investor Day, we haven't factored anything related to new clients into our outlook.
Alan Colberg: Yes, hard to speculate on this. We're an unprecedented situation with the merger of major carriers. I would just come back to our position to support T-Mobile's growth into the future.
Alan Colberg: Yes, absolutely. So a few thoughts on that. First, our outlook for 2020 is very much in line with what we had shared at Investor Day back in the spring of 2019. Second, we are continuing to invest and it's important to invest on the back of an extraordinary growth year and Connected Living last year, so you will see us continue to invest in the migration of our infrastructure to the cloud, which improves our delivery and reliability and capabilities. You'll see us continuing to invest in the next product. I mentioned briefly ID protection, but we have a whole pipeline of things that we're going to embed into our offerings in the years ahead that also creates additional future profit, but it's an investment today. The other thing I would say, we're growing off of a much larger base in 2020. 2019 had the benefit of a full-year of really capturing The Warranty Group synergies and driving that into our business. That's good news, but creates a much larger starting point as we head into 2020. The final couple of things I'd say on it is it's early in the year. We are being appropriately measured in how we think about the outlook. When we set an expectation, we fully intend to meet that expectation. And we have a strong pipeline that if that develops this year, as we've talked about in the past, if we launched another new program, another client, that will actually hurt in the short-term in earnings, but is a very positive long-term development for our shareholders.
Alan Colberg: Yes, so I'll start and then Richard feel free to add on to it. First of all, we were disappointed in the 2019 results of housing. But I think we took actions collectively that put housing into a much better position as we head into 2020. If you look at Lender-placed homeowners, extraordinary progress last year, kind of in consolidating our franchise, beginning to make real progress and converting clients to our Single Source Processing System, which will continue. That affects our expenses every time we convert one, we can then reduce some expenses related to that. So that business is well positioned and then with the reductions we've taken in the retention on the Cat exposure, we feel good about that business. Multifamily, although the growth was a little bit slower, it's still above market. We continue to gain share, and we have consolidated our position there by investing in digital and being able to provide a new way to acquire that product. And then finally in Specialty, obviously the real disappointments last year, but at the end of the day, we're running experiments, if they work great, and then we scale them. If they don't we take decisive action and as you heard Richard say, we did that on Small Commercial and it's now going to be kind of immaterial in 2020.
Alan Colberg: Yes. So to clarify, maybe what I said earlier, so probably the biggest thing going on in Lifestyle is this evolving business mix, where as we grow, what's growing disproportionately our fee income and services, those are primarily expense driven. And so you're going to see that effect continuing of SG&A growing faster than you might expect. But it's because we're creating new fee income streams that are diversifying our earnings that don't have exposure or volatility really in those earnings. I think that's a big positive. If you look at investments, hard to say exactly how investments this year will compare to last year, a lot will depend on whether we're able to sign some new clients. Because a big part of our investment is when we sign a new client, we have to ramp up the people, the technology, the marketing, the filings, et cetera. But we're going to continue to invest. This is a business that has a history now for many years of strong double-digit growth on average. And we see that continuing into the future, so we're going to continue to invest in lifestyle.
Alan Colberg: Well yes, I mean it is part of the diversity that we get overall. I mean, I put it into perspective, though, I mean, given the size of it and the relative size of Assurant, I would say that's, fairly, fairly small. And I mean, some of the headwinds we have in investment rates, interest rates too are kind of our - are part of what allows us to say that, earnings will be fairly modest next year, will be up relative to what we posted this year on DAC, but then, fairly flat next year.
Alan Colberg: No, I would say it's very consistent with what we saw as we were preparing for Investor Day last year. I would say I think the business is stronger today with more momentum and a diversified larger base of earnings, but largely consistent with what we had expected for 2020 and looking out into the future.
Alan Colberg: No, this was really an issue with one client where we ran into some unexpected problems and how their business performed with us. But overall, I think we continue to be encouraged by the progress there and ultimately see some of the products and capabilities that are being integrated into our offerings around the auto, for example.
Alan Colberg: Yes, let me let me start on that. I mean, the good news on Lender-placed is that business is in a really strong position today. We've addressed all of the regulatory issues now many years in the past. Our rates are ordinary of course, they reflect our experience, and on balance rates are going up.
Alan Colberg: All right, well I want to thank everyone for participating in today's call. We're very pleased with our performance in 2019 and we're looking forward to another strong year in 2020. We look forward to updating you on our progress on our first quarter earnings call in May. In the meantime, please reach out to Sean Moshier with any follow up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, that’s – it's Richard, hi Mark. Yes, that's right. We had some increase in claims come in, in Q4 and then put up some IBNR related to that.
Richard Dziadzio: I would sort of say if you look at the lifestyle, the balance sheet and the lifestyle business, there is a level of invested assets in that. A lot of that is related to auto. Think about auto having some level of duration that's linked to the premiums we underwrite and the time of business we put in. So there will be a rollover in that business. So as interest rates have come down and the business rolls through, there will be an impact. On the other hand the business is growing. And so that will offset that and that's why we say as we go forward that the overall auto business will increase its profitability.
Richard Dziadzio: Well, I mean, I guess first I would say that as you heard in the prepared remarks, overall housing is going to be growing next year, really turning that corner. So we think that's a great thing and a great moment for the segment. In terms of the catastrophe reinsurance, we renewed a big portion of it at year-end. We did have some uptick in the rates, it wasn't huge. That's been built into the planning and the 10% to 14% EPS growth that Alan mentioned earlier. On the other hand, some of our exposures will come down. So that will offset the aggregate or absolute level of the reinsurance premium.
Richard Dziadzio: Right, Just in terms of the overall cash that would free up our liquidity, think about – I mean obviously, we have a cash outflow with the [indiscernible] that could put call and the price we're selling it for. The overall cash out, that would be freed up would be about $100 million, think $100 million. Think about it in that net level. And again, as we talked about at Investor Day that would go to potentially fund incremental organic growth as Alan just talked about, the momentum we have behind us, it would go to M&A, and it would go to capital repurchases. So really keeping that discipline that we've had all along and thinking about, where's the best way to employ that new capital.
Richard Dziadzio: I would just add, just overall, we have a great expense discipline in the company and culture in the company. So we are looking at across the board to make sure we're leveraging the power of the size that we have, so that's one thing. I guess in terms of the ratio itself, expense ratio, as we've cut down a couple of these businesses that haven't been positive for us, you might see a little pressure on that, but not much at all. And then the last thing I'd say is, if you look at our combined ratio and housing for the year about 89%, including Cats, it's a very good ratio all in, and it's well within what we've talked about at Investor Day.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, so for those who weren't following the company five years ago, this relates to the 2015 risk corridor when we were winding down the Health Insurance business. We were owed a little bit over $100 million by the U.S. Government. We did not think it was collectible. So we fully wrote it off back in 2015. So we had zero carrying value. We received $27 million pretax inflow as part of selling our right to that recoverable. We also have a gain share if there is recovery above the $27 million, but given the uncertainty that still exists to whether there will ever be a payment on that, we have not put anything on the books for that gained share.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, unless there's some extraordinary payout on that eventually, but yes for now, that's what we realistically expect to get from that receivable.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, I think the important thing to remember on Preneed is it's a strong, pretty predictable business that is delivering on average 13% ROE, which we believe is, better than typical for that industry. We have a long-term partnership with the industry leader, and we expect slow - we're not trying to grow that business in a meaningful way. It's just a slow, steady growth just growing with the industry contributing cash flow that we're using to invest elsewhere in the company.
Richard Dziadzio: Well, essentially what we're saying is at the end of 2019 we had severance charges. So severance charges would be that reduction in staff going into this year, that reduction in staff would decrease the expenses. We're not expecting that to fall to the bottom line. What we're expecting to do is redeploy that in the IT infrastructure, the cloud capabilities that we mentioned, et cetera.
Richard Dziadzio: I guess the way that we look at it, as we look at the rates, but we also look at the placement rate. So overall it was the impact on the profitability of the business and we've seen that the rates, I mean obviously, they vary by state to state. But as Alan said, overall, they're up and they offset or partially offset, kind of the placement rate the decrease in the placement rate that we have, so it is kind of balancing it to a certain extent.
