Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Exactly. And then again that's exactly right. The only other thing I would add is obviously some of the earned premium is what we've written historically not just this year in prior years too. So, from time-to-time, we've had season -- seasonality where sales can be a little bit higher. So, the earnings can be a little bit higher. I always think relative to auto as in other lines of business it's good to look at it on a kind of a year-to-date basis and look over the last six months or year for trends.
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah. Sure, sure. Good morning, Brian. Yeah, I think there -- the changes that we made in the underwriting were across a couple of different products. So first would be, we've talked about it before, small commercial. We had gone into that. We didn't have a positive experience with it and then put it into runoff. So obviously that will persist in the future because we have no plans to get back into that. So that's one positive. And then within the sharing economy I think we mentioned it on a call earlier in the year, we had had one type of product with one client who weren't getting good experience with and that we underwrote to.  So again, I think there we have -- we've gotten good results out of that and are moving forward with positive results. The part of your question which is how -- what will persist or not. We have had within the non-cat loss ratio, some positives this year that won't reoccur. For example some reserve releases of a limited amount that we mentioned in our prepared remarks of about $8 million. Those won't continue. We don't think.  We've also had a really good run in terms of lower frequency severity and things like theft and vandalism. Will that continue? That's sort of a question mark in terms of how that will go in the future. So there are some things that will continue. Some things that probably won't, the reserve releases. And then some things we'll wait to see what happens in the future with our experience. 
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. Thank you. And I think Alan, you hit on a lot of the very key points which is part of cat is managing the exposure to cat. So we're very thoughtful in terms of what risk we're taking on. Obviously lender-placed, we have the exposure, we have given that flows through from the clients too to ourselves. But every year we look at it as Alan said. We look at what can we do to manage our exposure, whether it be bringing down our retention. Brian you'd mentioned buying in aggregate. That's obviously something that we look at every year.  At the end of the day, there's economics around it and there's pricing in the market. So we look at that and say "Is it thoughtful for us to buy more reinsurance, or is this a risk we're happy to hold given the pricing out there in the market?" As Alan said we can have a quarter like last quarter where we do get hit by natural catastrophes. But over a period of time and I would say just one year, our combined operating ratio ends up being well below 100 and the ROEs on this business are very positive. So we're managing around that, being thoughtful around that and where there are good economic opportunities to lower our exposure, we will definitely take that. 
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, we do. And I think, the team has done a great job in managing expenses. If we think about the last couple of years, we've seen the revenues come down and now they're coming down very little. I mean, we've talked about the financial insolvent client that put a little bit of headwind. But over the nine months, we're down not much at all, let's call it 5%. So in terms of the expense management I think we are at the bottom with the discipline we have and what we need to deliver to our customers which is obviously at the forefront of our thoughts. And with regard to the regulators, obviously, the regulators take into account the experience we have. So if there's years where the overall loss ratio is really high, we could go and ask for some pricing improvements. If it's too low, obviously, that gets taken into account. So, overall, I think, even if the loss -- the expense ratio though a lot lower, we would see that come through rate over time. I think where we're looking at the expense ratio, was from a competitive point of view to be able to operate and produce the most efficiency for our customers, so they get the best experience that we can offer them. 
Richard Dziadzio: Yes. I think, first, it has had some good operations, good results in the beginning of the year here, in the last quarter in particular. That's really coming from lower client losses experienced last year. And now what we're seeing is, a little bit more normalized experience, so better experience this year. So we think now where we are, we're kind of in a more normalized place than we were in the past, if I can put it that way.
Richard Dziadzio: No. I -- the way we think about it is, we have the best capabilities the most value that we can offer our clients. Obviously that process is ongoing and confidential. And as I've talked about before the incumbent always has the significant advantage. But with that said we are doing all we can to put our best foot forward in every process as out there in the market and we really do feel we have a compelling offer. So we'll just have to see what happens over time. 
Alan Colberg: Yes, the other thing I might add Mark is as we look to the future we feel very well-positioned going back to the reasons why we purchased the Warranty Group. And you heard in the prepared remarks we highlighted another step forward in electric which I think will position us to be one of the leaders around that as it grows in the market. So, well-positioned, performing well, and we look good as we look to the future for auto.
Alan Colberg: Yes, what's interesting about HYLA is it really complements our business and what we do. So, we have our set of clients. We have end-to-end capabilities. What they have are generally different clients. So, they bring a variety of clients that we currently don't have a significant business with. So, they also bring a really superior software as a service and analytic capability that we can incorporate and drive into our programs over time. They've delivered strong double-digit growth over the past three years within their base. Now, they've started to expand. And together we'll have now more than 30-plus trade-in programs that are operating in key markets around the world and positions us well for the 5G megatrend. We don't know fully whether that will be a 2021 event or a 2022 event, but we'll be the partner of choice. I think for trade-in buyback around the world, after we close on HYLA.
Alan Colberg: So, right now, we're -- as we've talked about in the prepared remarks, we're seeing some -- well let me back up even more, that business is in a good place, right? We've been able over the last few years to get the earnings ex-cat to be stable, independent of any growth in the business. And through the evolution of our product, the things we've done over the past decade, we're really well positioned, as an integral part of the mortgage process. And as you know, we've been investing in our technology to really deliver superior customer experience. Now what's happening in the short-term is, we're actually not seeing any growth in that business, in terms of placement. REO volumes for example are down, and are down significantly because of the foreclosure moratoriums, that are in place. But we're well positioned if the market does weaken, next year. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we've now renewed the vast majority of our tracked loans. And so, we don't know what will happen in the housing market. But certainly nothing will happen in the short-term. But if the housing market does weaken, you could see, strong growth beginning maybe the second half of 2021.
Alan Colberg: Yeah, Brian, thank you for the questions. On Sprint and T-Mobile, first of all, again I want to recognize the importance that, we have of that relationship with T-Mobile. We've been their partner, supporting their innovation and disruption for the last decade. And that is really the driver of our then now participating in the growth of Sprint. We are starting from zero. And there really the program has just begun to get going. It took a couple of months after the closing before T-Mobile really began to convert the stores, as they wanted to make sure, they didn't disrupt things during that conversion phase. So, we're starting to see some impact, but it's going to be a gradual ramp. We're also investing, as you might expect to help all the legacy Sprint stores be in a good position to sell our products, as people come in. So, not a lot of impact so far, but will be a significant growth driver over the next two to three years, as that program really ramps. In terms of the trade-in and buyback cycle, what we've seen in the last three or four years, is that the volume really begins in the latter part of Q4. And then really into Q1. And that's again what we expect to see this year. We'll see some volume beginning in Q4, but the bulk of the volume in the last couple of years has been lagged into the first quarter of next year. And it really is driven by one that new iPhones are available. And if you noticed their announcement a couple of the new models, were out right away, but a couple of the new models are still not out. And so, we'll see that over time. And I mentioned 5G earlier. This is the first year that the iPhones really have 5G capability, which is a real positive. But, when will consumers really get excited about 5G, we don't know for sure. But as we mentioned earlier, we're now well positioned to support our carrier partners with 5G when it happens.
Alan Colberg: And Brian if I step back from housing and look at our overall portfolio at this point, we've delivered strong profitable growth. We expect to continue to deliver strong growth no matter what the market environment is. And it's really that combination of lifestyle and housing capabilities and products that does that.  And as we look to the future and we mentioned briefly in the prepared remarks, Pocket Geek Home, we see a real convergence coming between lifestyle and housing and great opportunities around the connected home, the connected apartment and a whole new set of growth drivers for us as we look to the future. So we feel good about the portfolio. We'll always fine-tune our cat exposure. But we feel like we're in a pretty good place with that at the moment as well. 
Alan Colberg: Yes. Maybe, again, I'll start and then, Richard, you should add into it. I mean, the business is in a good position today, as we've worked to drive efficiencies. We've, for example, been investing in improving various processes, using artificial intelligence and automation and that has helped us. We are in the middle of converting clients to our single-source processing platform, which really delivers over the next few years a much simpler and better customer experience. But I don't think we'll have continued improvement in that ratio. What I mean by that is, we've worked with our regulators to kind of agree a normal range combined ratio. And Richard, you may want to talk about that and how we think about that with our regulators. But we feel good about where it is today.
Alan Colberg: Yes. No you raised a great point. So as we think about the future, a couple of things happen with the car. One is the car just becomes a big connected device. So if you think about the early days of the car phone 25, 30 years ago, now in the future everything in the car is connected all the time, particularly once 5G gets rolled out. So there'll be a whole set of value that we can deliver through our service contract around keeping you connected. It's basically what we do in mobile today. And we see that coming to auto. So that's one thing. And then, if you think about electric vehicles, for example, you'll have fewer things that can go wrong, but you'll have much higher severity when something does go wrong. And so, we're learning. One of the reasons we've been pushing hard with electric, we've done a deal in China, we've now done the deal in the U.K. is to really develop the data and the learning, so that we can be the most compelling offer to support what we think for a consumer will be even a greater interest in the service contract, both because of the nature of the risk, but because of the connectivity of the car. And that really is an area where we feel our business being in both mobile and auto gives us a unique set of advantages in the market.
Alan Colberg: Yes. Let me -- a couple of comments on that. First of all, we'll provide an outlook in Q4 earnings call so that'd be early February about what we really expect and you shall -- should expect for 2021. A couple of comments though. 2020 has been a very strong earnings growth year. I'm really proud. I think we're all really proud of our people have delivered for our customers and our clients and for our shareholders. But the really strong 2020, it does create some year-on-year challenges if we look at 2021. We had about $16 million of onetime benefits in lifestyle earlier this year. We've never assumed a onetime benefit will recur. We had about $8 million of favorable experience. We just mentioned in Q3 in housing. We don't really expect that to recur. We did have some other benefits from -- for example our expense management actions where we deferred some hiring. We reduced travel. That will come back. So definitely 2021, we do expect to grow, but we expect it to moderate from 2020. And overall if you think back to our Investor Day, we said at Investor Day that on average in 2020 and 2021 we would grow operating earnings so NOI ex-cap by 12% on average. Back in Investor Day we thought it would be a little bit lower in 2020 relative to the 12% and a little bit higher in 2021. Now we had a stronger 2020 and we now expect to moderate a little bit in 2021. But the combination of the EPS growth that we expect the 12% on average 2021 we still believe that's appropriate. 
Alan Colberg: Gary, thank you for the question. And as you imagine we've spent a fair amount of our time thinking about what are the long-term implications of COVID. I think for us the first thing I'd highlight is just how resilient our business is. It shows the value of kind of an embedded subscriber base a range of services that really allow consumers to stay connected. And one of the things that I think COVID has highlighted with the move to be at home more then move to some sort of hybrid working model and more likely post-COVID being connected is everything. And what we do around connecting your devices making sure everything your home is working that's really important. So I think that actually helps us even more as we look to the future. A couple of other things we see with COVID digital. Digital was obviously already a trend that we've been investing against for years. But I think the acceleration of digital is real and permanent. And we for example in the last six months or so we really upped our investment in digital everywhere. So today we feel like an example in rental multifamily, our digital capabilities are at or better than anybody's in the market. So we see digital kind of as an ongoing trend. And then, the other thing we're thinking about are, are there changes for example in global supply chain? So, we may think about that over time. But at the end of the day, I would highlight just how strong our business has performed through this uncertainty and just shows the value of what we're doing for our customers and how much they appreciate being able to stay connected and having everything in their home work the way they wanted it to.
Alan Colberg: Yes there are a couple of things, that are interesting, that will be additive for us. One is their analytics are very impressive. So, they can give effectively through analytics you can offer a better price to the consumer. So that's one important item. Second, with their analytics and their capabilities often now, we can offer a quote without having to see the phone and have certainty that will be the quote for the consumer. And that also increases the attach rates. And then the other thing they've done well and we also do is, work with our clients to really help them understand how trade-in can drive persistency and retention for their customers. So, it's a combination of all those things. But they've got a strong track record of being able to drive up the attachment of trade-in, which is still an opportunity to continue to get better at. But they've shown the ability to work on and improve it year-on-year for several years in a row now.
Alan Colberg: Yes. In terms of the process and valuation we're just getting started. So, I want to clarify that we're very early, but we are looking at a range of alternatives. And a good guide is what we do with Employee Benefits which took -- it took us back then something like four or five months to get to an offer and then another similar period of time to close. Who knows that that will be the case here, but that's probably a reasonable way to think about it. In terms of the valuation, I wouldn't speculate, but we are confident it's going to be an attractive valuation for our shareholders. We know from other life insurance transactions recently, there is a wide range of interest in assets like our preneed business. And we're confident that it's not valued appropriately in our stock. And that whatever we do here will unlock and create value for our shareholders over the next four to nine months, as we work through a process and then hopefully a closing.
Alan Colberg: All right. Thank you. And I think that was the last question. So with that, I want to thank everyone for participating in today's call. In summary, we're very pleased with our year-to-date performance and believe the recent strategic announcements we've just made to focus even further on our lifestyle and housing offerings will ultimately increase our earnings momentum and cash flow and deliver value for our shareholders over time. We'll update you on our progress in the fourth quarter earnings call in early February. In the meantime, please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd or Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks everyone.
