Alan Colberg: So just a couple of clarifications, so in the $215 million that infused into health in the second quarter that includes all severance, additional in-direct expenses and then the expenses that are also included are in the GAAP calculations. So stat requires that we pre-fund a greater portion of the exit related costs than does GAAP. In terms of the how we think about it going forward, it’s early. We have got some line of sight around claims experience, but in the first half of the years we are just starting to get some more information around the estimates on the reinsurance recoverables and the risk adjuster. We think we have largely funded all of the cost related to the exit or the losses related to the exit, but we will know more as we go throughout the year, but then eventually we do expect to get the majority of the capital out of health in the form of operating dividends at the end of 2016.
Alan Colberg: Okay, thanks. Let me clarify just the timing of benefits. What we said is we expect to announce the sale by the end of the third quarter, that closing would be sometime in early ‘16 just on the timing of benefits. With the capital management, I think the thing that I would say today is we remain committed to that combination of balance capital deployment, where we return capital to shareholders through various forms, buybacks and dividends as well as invest in good growth opportunities in our core franchise of housing and lifestyle. I think you have seen a great track record over the last few years of buyback and including even this year with 5% of the stock bought back year-to-date. Any other consideration in things like a special dividend, that would be a board decision, but we are continuing to focus on really the actions that we are taking have repositioned Assurant into a much more attractive set of businesses going forward. We think that will create significant shareholder value combined with our combination of capital management which we are going to continue.
Alan Colberg: Sure. I mean, broadly the way to think about solutions is we are pursuing a strategy of creating client partnerships independent on most of the channel of the clients. So, we work with carriers, we work with OEMs, we work with retailers, increasingly, we work with e-retailers. And what you see with the partnership that we announced with eBay which we are still in the process of launching, so results will be later is really that ability to work with large client partners across the variety of channels and that’s really the hallmark of what solutions does well, creating value for the consumer and for the client. The pipeline is robust for solutions. The sales cycle is long. And we will continue to announce new partnerships as appropriate. But I think what you have seen with solutions is we made a commitment to investors a couple of years ago that we expect over a period of time an average annual increase in NOI of 10%, obviously with variability year-to-year. We still believe that’s the right way to think about solutions prospects going forward.
Alan Colberg: I mean, it’s been I am trying to remember what exactly we have disclosed. We have disclosed that multifamily has grown double-digits for quite a period of time now and mortgage solutions if you recall in the last couple of earnings calls we increased our estimate for this year, originally we had it at $250 million of revenue this year, we raised it to $300 million on our prior earnings call. So, there is good growth in both of those businesses think of it in the low double-digits.
Alan Colberg: No, I think you are absolutely right. As a remainder, REO is not part of the placement rate. So, we did see a slight uptick there. And then there were some small loan movements, but mostly it’s REO.
Alan Colberg: Yes, it is. And in similar what we are doing with other OEMs or retailers it’s auto parts, auto supplies, sold electronically.
Alan Colberg: It’s similar to our vehicle service contract business, but not as long a delay. These are things that have shorter if at all OEM warranties on them.
Alan Colberg: Yes. We made a small acquisition to really continue to build out our multifamily business. So, in the multifamily business, as a reminder, we work with landlords, we provide a range of products and services. One of the things that we are doing is extending our capabilities to provide even more value to those companies. And so one of the things we have added is a collections company, effectively receivables management. It was the small amount of capital going out. It’s a small business. Really, we elected to buy the capability as opposed to build it, but it’s an extension of our multifamily business.
Alan Colberg: Yes and very integrated into our business model with our share deposit services, a very consistent part of that offering.
Alan Colberg: So, a couple of thoughts. I can’t comment specifically on that deal, because we don’t have any unique information on it. When our lender-placed business go, we do feel we have the best business in the industry. We have been consistently gaining share in recent years. We have been reinvesting in that business to improve the capabilities. It’s an extraordinarily valuable service and product for the mortgage industry and we feel very good about that business as it normalizes and we are confident it will remain a specialty business for us as we have talked about. More broadly, lots of activity going on the market, we really can’t comment on that. We are focused on repositioning Assurant around housing and lifestyle. That’s a great franchise. It’s an area where we have consistently generated specialty returns long-term. It’s an area where we hold leadership positions in most of the markets we now are playing in. We are continuing to expand our offerings to be more than just an insurance company with really integrated offerings to create value for the partners we work with. The businesses we are investing in are less capital-intensive on average generating very strong free cash flow. We think all those actions are going to maximize the value of Assurant to our shareholders and we feel good about the go-forward new Assurant.
Alan Colberg: I am trying to remember what we have said publicly previously, but we track $34 million loans. That gives you a pretty good sense of the overall share we have if you just look at total mortgages in the U.S.
Alan Colberg: So, I think one of the positives of the early announcement you made in April is that it’s obviously created a lot of interest in the company. Now, the process itself is confidential. So, I can’t speak specifically to that. But as I said, we are on track. I think the results and all the dialog we have had with people so far affirms the value of our voluntary platform in our dental business. The business is continuing to perform well although earnings were down slightly in the quarter as the sales pipeline is strong. Persistency has been good. And we are confident it’s going to be a valuable company and that will receive a good price for it.
Alan Colberg: So, we are – as the Board and as management we are focused on growing free cash flow and earnings as the primary thing we do. If we do that, we will create shareholder value over time. I think we remain focused on that combination of how we deploy the capital between returning it to shareholders appropriately and investing in the future. I think you have seen we have a very strong track record of returning capital. But increasingly, book value per share is not the metric that is meaningful in thinking about us. We are more than an insurance company and we continue to evolve toward more fee income and other types of services. So, the focus really for us is free cash flow and earnings growth.
Alan Colberg: Yes. So I think I would start with the broad reminder, so we are committed to this combination of how we deploy capital. We have been very consistent in that approach over time if you would look at our track record. And we have also been very clear that we are looking for acquisitions that are on the smaller size that extended and build off of the core franchise we have. We have not changed our M&A staffing at all as we go forward.
Alan Colberg: Sure. So again we go back to what we have said in the past which is sort of this 8% to 9% decline due to rate over the course of 2014 and into ’15, but again this is an ongoing process, rate filings are a regular part of our business. We filed and received a rate approval of 4% decrease in Florida, most recently which will start in the second half of this year. We filed our new product with New York with a 20% rate decline which began in January. So the ongoing rate decline in the normalization when replace is going to continue. And again this is why we are going back to operational efficiencies around the lender placed infrastructure and maintaining to targeting that 45% expense ratio. So but it is an ongoing process those are two examples of recent rate changes.
Alan Colberg: So, yes, the way I would think about it, it’s probably a 75-25 if you look at the $240 million of reinsurance costs down to $180 million, 25% of that is rate and 75% of that is we are just buying less coverage. Again we have got the normalization of the business, the sale of American reliable all contributing to less exposure.
Alan Colberg: So I think as we have increased stability of earnings and cash flow, we could potentially support a higher debt to cap ratio. Right now we don’t feel any pressure. We have got significant amounts of capital coming to us over the next 18 months. But we will certainly revisit and like the flexibility that additional debt capacity could offer us.
Alan Colberg: Yes. Obviously we can’t comment on M&A and whether we did or didn’t look at anything. We do feel very good about our lender placed business. We have the best platform in the industry. We would continue to build that platform and invest in it and we feel good about that business.
Alan Colberg: So let me start on the benefits question and then I will ask Chris to comment on the health business.
Alan Colberg: As we mentioned earlier briefly the sales pipeline remains solid for that business, persistency has been good and consistent with the past. And we have been very encouraged that we really haven’t seen any disruption in the business, it’s been business as usual and all of our dialogue with the various companies that we have been in discussion with confirm it’s a valuable platform, it’s a valuable company and we still expect to receive a very good price for it. But I will turn it over to Chris to talk about health.
Alan Colberg: Yes. I wouldn’t want to speculate on that, again the filing process around rate is an ongoing one we have regular dialogue with all of the different states a lot of its based upon experience, a lot of its based upon operating costs and other inputs. Keep in mind that again the filings once that rate is approved it then takes the rest of the 12 months period for it to define its way through all of the policies. So there is that process going on too. But again ultimately the normalization around is a function of rate, it’s a function of placement and it’s a function of average insured value. So and seriously delinquent loans and ROE etcetera, I mean this is a process we do believe 1.8% to 2.1% is going to be the long-term target around placement rate. And as that occurs operational efficiencies, capital that is released from the business as our risk goes down are all going to contribute to normalization but then a specialty business in it’s final stage.
Alan Colberg: So, this is to remind if those claims relate to 2003, 2004 set of policies that were sold there is ongoing work obviously being done on it. But at this point just in broad terms we feel like we are appropriately reserved overall for all litigation and regulatory issues that we have visibility to.
Alan Colberg: So, there is some noise in the number this quarter and last quarter as well, but we still think 98% is an achievable target. We continue to make improvements and investments in infrastructure. We had a lot of expense take-outs in the UK associated with our acquisition of LSG. So, feel like we are making progress and that we can still get to that 98% combined ratio.
Alan Colberg: If you think about the investments we have been making, we have very strong growth in mobile, in markets outside the U.S. We have referenced the [indiscernible] growth in transaction a couple of quarters ago. We see very strong growth occurring in the UK. So, there is top line growth and really a mix shift towards really a mobile and service contract business outside of the U.S. Yes, the other thing that’s important to remember is just the variability of FX that also plays through. But we feel good about the top line momentum. And as Chris said, we feel good about the expense actions that we have taken in international, but over time allow us to push that combined ratio down.
Alan Colberg: Alright. Well, thanks everyone for participating in today’s call. We look forward to updating you on our progress throughout the year. Also as I mentioned, we are excited to announce we will hold an Investor Day in early spring 2016 in New York and we will provide more details in the coming months. As always, you can reach out to our IR team with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Chris Pagano: Yes, I mean I guess to answer the question on revenue, roughly 30% of the revenue is non-lender placed and that includes multifamily housing and mortgage solutions. Remember, it’s – and also the flood business. Again, as Alan points out, the normalization of lender-placed is going to throw off additional capital above segment operating earnings that we are going to deploy in other areas within housing and lifestyle. So, we do expect to be able to grow that business, grow the non-lender placed business within property through organically and then potentially through strategic M&A.
Chris Pagano: So, a couple of numbers that might be helpful. So, in terms of the 840 basis points, about 140 of it were better cat loses, okay so we set that aside. We had again roughly 2.5 points were related to non-cat weather related, okay, again recognizing the adverse development event that we had in the second quarter of ‘14. And then there is probably another 3 points there that were around kind of fire and then theft and vandalism. So, that’s again non-weather related non-cat. So, maybe that helps. The other thing to remember though is that as the rate comes down, as premiums drop we are sort of swimming upstream if you will around expense ratio and that’s where the work and the investments we are making in the lender-placed platform to help us maintain the mid-40s loss ratio even as lender-placed normalizes and the revenues decline.
Chris Pagano: That’s correct. So, we have been net investors, more expense than savings result, that will change in the second half of ‘15 and then we are going to continue to see ongoing benefits in ‘16 and beyond.
Chris Pagano: Sorry to interrupt, just again we have got – just remember again this continued rate decline is going to be the challenge there as we want to maintain the expense ratio with declining premiums.
Chris Pagano: Well, a couple of things. Remember, there is some tax true-up that occurred in the first half that will reverse itself, which is about $9 million. And then again, our focus as it will be with the entire company as we undertake this repositioning is around operating expenses and committing resources where they get the best source of return. So, while we are staying at the $60 million to $65 million for the full year, our objective is obviously to lower that number.
Chris Pagano: Yes, I mean, I think it’s largely the claims experience change in those estimates, which again goes back to the reinsurance recoverables, the risk adjuster, but really unlike the GAAP PDR, the stat PDR, the 215 of capital that we put into health is designed to account for virtually all of the cost associated with the exit of the health business.
Chris Pagano: John, just another – just to follow-up on that a little bit, so again continue to believe the stock is attractively priced. Our view is a prospective one. If you think about the next 18 months around distributable earnings so we have got operating earnings at the segments which we are going to get more than that up this year. We expect proceeds from the sale of benefits again probably sometime in the first quarter. And then we expect the return of capital to – from the runoff of the health business later in ‘16. And on top of that, we have got capital being thrown off by the lender-placed business as it normalizes. So, that is the – that’s what’s driving our view of value and it will drive our repurchase decisions. But again, as Alan pointed out, again, it’s a combination we have got to invest in our business to maintain the leadership positions that we have.
Chris Pagano: So I guess the way I would think about it Jimmy is that it’s early. We think based upon our estimates today around claims experience and costs associated with running the business. And again these are costs that extend out into ’17 so we have got a multi-year projection going on right now. But we do believe the $215 million is going to largely be all of the capital we will need to put in for this year that is subject to changes in estimates around – the experience around the recoverables and the risk adjuster. And then into ’16 and potentially into ’17 we do expect to get the majority of the capital back in the form of operating dividends as we exit the business. But we will continue to update and refine our estimates and we will get a better – every quarter that goes by we get a better line of sight of what the end state looks like.
Chris Pagano: I believe, yes, we are seeing obvious currency headwinds. I mean, this is some unprecedented volatility in the last several years, but still feel good about the macro trends, I mean our long-term view around international in particular mobile we still believe these are attractive markets for us to be in long-term.
