Richard Dziadzio: Yes. John, it's Richard, that's right. We'll issue the equity to 10.4 million shares. Obviously, we'll have [P gap] at the time of closing, so an opening balance sheet, so there might be some adjustments there. But it is like you say.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, John. I'll take that one, it's Richard. So yes, I think you hit it on the head. We're really comparing to last year results of 92% for risk-based in Lifestyle. Whereas our long-term targets, 96% to 98% that we put out, we came in at 99%. There was some increase in expenses in there, some onetime increase in expenses in there and a little bit higher non-cat loss ratio. But for the full year, we fully expect to be within the bands that we've talked about previously.
Richard Dziadzio: That business is, I would say, it's on our books. It's reinsured. It's reinsured to, I would say, a party of very high credit standing. And in addition to that, the reserves of the assets across the reserves are held in trust. So we're feeling extremely secure about that business.
Richard Dziadzio: Yes, Gary, it's Richard. In terms of intangibles, at the time of the acquisition, the first announcement, we talked about $30 million, $35 million per year in terms of intangible amortization. No update as of the call today. I have no reason to believe that there's going to be a change from that. And as I mentioned earlier, when we get to close, that's when we'll do our opening balance sheet. And that would be a part of the operating earnings that we have to date, the amortization of intangibles that we have from various acquisitions is -- goes through that as well. We are, however, as we said in the past, looking at ways to show the market the cash-generation power that this company has, and we'll be updating that as part of the update later this year that Alan mentioned earlier.
Alan Colberg: Yes. No, certainly, John. And as background for everyone, John's referring to the 15% ROE target we've put out at the January or February 26 Investor -- 2016 Investor Day. Start with our earnings and then add in significant earnings for The Warranty Group, important to remember the synergies that we've talked about, we've said $60 million hard cost synergy run rate. We've said there clearly are going to be some revenue synergy upsides, but we haven't attempted to quantify or value those in our model. And then if you look at our business, we grew earnings in 2017, which is an important step in our transformation. We're going to grow earnings again in our outlook that we provided in 2018. And when you get into 2019 and 2020 with lender-placed normalization nearing its end, we are well positioned to grow earnings rapidly as Assurant. And then we have opportunities to manage that equity and to go through combined operations and release some capital out of our businesses. With all that said, we are going to, later this year as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, look at the combined company and put out what we think are the right long-term metrics. But for now, we feel like we have momentum toward that ROE target, as I mentioned, we're up 40 basis points versus year-end. And we see good progress in our company.
Alan Colberg: Correct, John. And then the other thing that's important to remember, Lifestyle, we put out back in 2013, a long-term -- we can grow our earnings 10% a year on average, and we have more than delivered on that over the last five years. And we certainly have reaffirmed that we expect, on average, we can grow 10% on average at Lifestyle. So that, combined with a different profile for lender placement as we get into 2019 and beyond, positions us very well for earnings growth.
Alan Colberg: Yes. And on The Warranty Group, we'll provide a summary of their Q1 sometime in the next few weeks. But as was mentioned, all indications are their business continues to progress as we expect, with good momentum in the vehicle business.
Alan Colberg: So yes and no is the answer to that. Ordinary course for us is we're routinely going through all of our client contracts and truing up, collecting if there are things that aren't performing as we agreed. So that's pretty normal course. The reason we called it out is it was a little bit bigger than we normally see in a quarter, but nowhere near the size of the one from the first quarter of '17.
Alan Colberg: Yes, I think the important thing in our Mobile and Lifestyle business, as you saw, we had a strong first quarter despite relatively weak mobile trade-in volumes because we have many other sources of revenue and earnings in mobile. So we've weathered now many quarters in a row of pretty soft trade-in volumes with continued strong overall growth for our lifestyle business. We -- as we look forward, we still expect later this year that we'll see a pickup in mobile trade-in volumes but if we do or don't, we continue to have strong momentum in Lifestyle independent of that.
Alan Colberg: I think we're going to continue to see continued strong growth in that relationship for the foreseeable future. And at this point, our relationship with them only covers one major manufacturer, and we have opportunity to expand that to other manufacturers. So I think we feel good about how that program is going so far, with significant growth over time in front of us.
Alan Colberg: Yes, as we've talked about, T-Mobile is an important partner for us. We've been embedded in their operations and a key part of their Un-carrier strategy for many years now. But we feel well positioned with an important client, however things play out in the marketplace over time.
Alan Colberg: Hard to speculate on what will actually ever happen with the potential merger that's been announced. But the good news for us is we have a strong partnership with T-Mobile and that creates opportunities over time.
Alan Colberg: Yes. So a couple of comments on that. One, as you know, what we've said is that, as of now, we think buybacks are unlikely in 2018. But we've said we will revisit that post close. We'll take a look at our capital and cash position post-closing. Importantly, we have a very long history and a very strong track record of creating value for our shareholders, and a large part of that is returning capital. That hasn't changed. The only thing that's happened this year is we've effectively brought forward the share buybacks that we had planned for this year by issuing 3 million fewer shares as part of purchasing The Warranty Group. Well, we will revisit post close. But for now, the expectation is that we don't anticipate further buybacks this year.
Alan Colberg: Well, I think our perspective at this point is that it's going to be remaining challenging for the balance of the year. With that said, we've taken aggressive expense actions, and we'll continue to take appropriate expense actions. The real challenge we've been dealing with is both the market and then, as we brought the companies together, we had some client issues that cost us some volume last year. With that said, we're starting to see some good business opportunities. In fact, we're onboarding several new clients right now on our field services business. So what we tried to message in the outlook is we don't see it recovering this year, we see it remaining challenging. But we feel like we've taken appropriate actions to really stabilize that business.
Alan Colberg: Yes -- no. Certainly, there is a natural kind of bottom to placement rate. Because, important to remember, some of the homes that we insure are actually the consumer choosing to buy our product, and it's actually a pretty significant portion of what we do now in lender-placed. But I think as we get into 2019, we will see placement rates moderate even if the housing market remained strong, i.e., the rate of decline will moderate. Fortunately though, we've been taking significant action in the investment we've been making in technology that will really create, we expect, cost savings in 2019 beyond what should allow us to perform in that business even if we continue to have placement rate declines.
Alan Colberg: And Gary, just one other thing on that. In the outlook that we provided on The Warranty Group, where we said the deal was modestly accretive on a run-rate basis with the synergies that we expect, we included in that analysis the amortization. So it's modestly accretive, including the amortization that Richard just highlighted.
Alan Colberg: Yes. So our environment today is complicated. It's a legacy of many different systems that were built either by us or through acquisitions. So in order to effectively serve clients and consumers today, it's a fairly complicated training process a representative has to go through. This new system is a massively superior consumer and client experience. It's a single system that has all the information. We can have a new representative up and running much quicker than in the past. And as we install it, we'll be able to take a lot of cost and complexity out of our business, with a better outcome for our clients and their consumers.
Alan Colberg: Yes. We've been working with our clients for many years now. In fact, the system was designed with a client counsel that provided continuous input into what's needed to operate their business better. And so in the short term, it's actually hurting our expenses because we're carrying both the existing system and we're starting to invest and we've been investing in this new system. But that's why we've said, beginning later this year and especially in 2019 and beyond, we should have significant improvement in our expense ratio as we're able to get a critical mass of clients on the new system.
Alan Colberg: So, yes. Yes. So John, I'm not going to answer it exactly. But the way to think about this is before the crisis, if you go back to the '05, '06 type range, we had placement rates, call it, 1.5%, a little bit around that range, and that was largely from voluntary purchase by consumers. And that was in an era when our rates were substantially higher than voluntary products. You fast forward to today, we've completely redone the product over the last five years. Our product is actually relatively competitive now with the existing voluntary products. And so what we're finding now is we're having greater consumer choice to pick our product, and then there's always going to be some level of volume that comes from the foreclosed inventory, the seriously delinquent, that's move into foreclosure, that's moved into REO. Which is why we feel pretty well positioned that even the placement rate was going to continue to modulate a little bit, which it could if the housing market was very strong; we're not far from the bottom at this point.
Alan Colberg: Thanks, everyone, for participating in today's call. We're pleased with our first quarter performance and believe we're off to a strong start for the year. We look forward to updating you on our progress on our second quarter earnings call in early August. Please reach out to Suzanne Shepherd and Sean Moshier for any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
