Rob Pollock: To recap 2010, it was a successful quarter and year for the company. As we turn to 2011, our priorities are clear: Focus on growth by creating new revenue streams; find additional operating efficiencies while developing enhanced capabilities valued by our customers; leverage our risk management expertise in all we do; continue to manage our capital to create value for our shareholders. I am confident we will be successful because of our employees. They are a very committed group, united by our shared values of common sense, common decency, uncommon thinking and uncommon results. This is our recipe to continue generating value for our customers and shareholders. And with that I would like to open the call for questions.
Rob Pollock: It's a good question, and a lot of it, Mark will deal with how we do the rebate calculation. And although we've got pretty good line of sight on that, we are still waiting for a few things to unfold there. But I would anticipate, and I'll Mike talk about it in a little more detail, that we're going to continue to manage the expenses carefully, so we can start being in a position to make profits. Right now our loss ratio is below the threshold. So we've got to add benefits, which we're doing; reduce prices a little bit to get that loss ratio moving up. And I think we'll try and have it set-up based on how we project what the rebates will be every quarter. And I'll let Mike provide just a little bit more detail on how the accounting mechanics might work.
Rob Pollock: Well, the first thing is, over the last several years, Mark, we've been very focused on customer needs. We've done extensive customer research, and overwhelmingly what comes back is, I want something that's tailored toward my particular needs, combined with the affordability issue. So a lot of our efforts have been structured around that, realizing as well that in all the plans that are subject to the new regulation, we've added benefits, we've complied with all the regulations so that those offerings as well will be profitable for us going forward as we kind of transition and restructure. The new products are focused on affordability. And we see that even in the reform world as we've mentioned before as a continuing unmet need, if you will in the marketplace. And we will be offering things that play to that. Results to-date, I think a lot of it is engagement with distribution. I'd say that obviously distributors have had disruption as well. The ones that are sitting down and spending the time with us are seeing opportunities. But it takes a bit of time to get traction there.
Rob Pollock: Couple of different things here. I think we've pointed out, and Mike mentioned that we anticipate we'll continue buying. We have in January, but I think what you see is a very disciplined execution of our capital management strategy of we would like to find opportunities that can build additional income streams. And we're focused on that as well, but realizing we see good value in the share price. And I'm going to just have Chris comment a little bit on our whole disciplined management around evaluating capital deployment opportunities.
Rob Pollock: A couple of things; remember that things happen on a transition basis, Steven. So let's just take the new benefits that have been added, all right? Those are going to come in for all new policies we sell, and they are going to be added to current policies on renewal. So that will create things that move over time. Some of the underwriting rules move and change over time in terms of, obviously, we're going to provide full guaranteed issue at the end. We can still do some modified underwriting in the interim. And so, you are going to have a lot of things in transition until you get to 2014. Mike mentioned issues around the calculation of the rebates. There are credibility issues that we're going to have to work through and see how the calculations work. Remember, the rebates are done on a state-by-state basis. And so, we're going to have to develop a rhythm around all of this. I'm confident we'll do it. We're looking at all of it. But we, in effect need to just run the playbook on this a little bit and see how it unfolds.
Rob Pollock: So first let's start with Specialty Property and Reinsurance. I'm going to have Chris talk first a little bit about the reinsurance market in general. Then where we placing reinsurance, I know you are looking in particular at clients, but traditionally a lot of our work on our captive set up, they are in essence buying at our reinsurance buy for CAT coverage. So Chris, why don't you just talk about the where the reinsurance market is first.
Rob Pollock: In terms of the MLR. So an MLR of an 80 would be comparable to our published number of say a 76, 77.
Rob Pollock: Again, it's been a partnership, and we've told the distribution that we're not putting this all on their backs. This is something that needs to be shared between the company and distribution, and that we have ideas for distribution that can help them in maintaining and serving their customers and making a living.
Rob Pollock: Sure. So I think when we start and look at foreclosures which you might think as real estate owned coverage we might provide, it's important to remember that Fannie and Freddie self-insure all their REO loans. So if you look at a policy today, the first question if it's in the pipeline that you have discussed is to ask the question, do we have a policy on it today? If the answer is yes, and it's a Fannie and Freddie loan and moves to foreclosure, we are no longer going to be providing coverage. If we're not providing coverage today, there is no difference. If it's a non-Fannie and Freddie loan, then it's a function of, do we have an REO program with that client? Many of our clients, we have REO programs with I'd say the majority, but not all. So we can be in a situation in, if you will, a subprime category where things move to REO and we could lose coverage too. Now in terms of when things actually move to foreclosure, there are lots of issues around that right now. And I would anticipate, if things move through, you could see some decline, but we have already seen our REO placement rates go down quite a bit from four or five quarters ago.
Rob Pollock: So let's start on the healthcare side. I think that what we really just have is, you've got a new scorekeeping system and roles of play that start January 1, 2011. So if we operated under the rules and reporting at fourth quarter 2010, we think we'd kind of be there on the 4% margin. But starting in 2011, things change and we have to start hitting and complying with the new MLR requirements, which basically say, if your medical loss ratio is below a certain threshold then you take money and set it aside to pay rebates to your policyholders. And so, a different way of looking at that, and we didn't do the calculation, but we would not have reported a 4% after-tax margin in the fourth quarter if that legislation had been in effect in the fourth quarter, because a lot of the margin would have gone to rebate. So you just got to discontinue this change. Mike.
Rob Pollock: So now, if we move to the discount rate, I'm going to go back to Mike in a minute, but just start with, traditionally we've used a portfolio rate method. And we're going to start blocking off by incurral year if you will, disability claims and rates.
Rob Pollock: Let us get back to you on that Mark. I think that the point Mike's making is, the clients left and things started declining in '09. So that is a headwind we had starting in '09, continued in '10 and will continue in '11.
Rob Pollock: Yes, I think Mike pointed out the vagaries of how things are reporting. And what we think has happened here Mark is, some of our clients have moved loans from what had been in prime to subprime. And an example might be, maybe they've moved for instance Alt-A that they might have had in their prime portfolio to subprime. And the placement rate on Alt-As is lower than the subprime loans themselves. And so Mike has worked with the property team etcetera and looked at things at that aggregate level because we think it might just be, given they're moving the loans around, a better representation on the numbers.
Rob Pollock: That's why we're doing the aggregation of prime and subprime placement, Mark. Because if you'd gone back a few years, we got lots of questions on why was prime not moving when subprime was. Now we have a situation where prime placement is continuing to go up, where subprime is flat to down. So we've merged the two together for our analysis, and it seems to be providing some insight.
Rob Pollock: I don't believe there is rebate per se. What you have in a number of the states is filing requirements around loss ratio that must be met and impact minimum loss ratio requirements. But we are proceeding forward that the legislation's going to be there, and we want to be ready to play in that environment.
Rob Pollock: First, we don't comment on any particular situation, but we do look at things where we think our particular skill sets can match with what we see as an unmet set of market needs. So it can be a variety of different things that could build adjacencies within our existing business, and we've done some of those over time. And they could be block acquisitions that help us build. And Chris has done a good job with this of trying to say, we're going to assign that responsibility to the business; we're going to spend a little more time looking at what new niche opportunities might be. And all of this is predicated on a background in my mind of being disciplined about how we're deploying the capital. So maybe Chris, you could talk a little bit about how we think about returns, capital thresholds, evaluation, and also talk about some of the things we're just looking at.
Rob Pollock: Sure. On the International side, we are pleased with the progress we have made, but we need to do more. So we think that should continue. Remember, it comes from a couple of different sources, John. One is new countries getting up to scale, the second is, continuing to see improvement in the U.K. situation, which we anticipate we will. So we have got a combination of different things that make us optimistic. We will continue to see improvements in the International Solutions realm.
Rob Pollock: Yes, that bounces around. But we still, as I said earlier, the long term target is in that 95% range. So we clearly want to see it moving in that direction. The other one, I think I mentioned that on the wireless side we've had some wins internationally, John. And the good news about that business is that we have got work to do around implementation. But if we are successful on the implementation and able to bring customers in if you will, that business will earn a little bit faster, and that will help as well. The last one I'd just point out, and maybe Chris can speak about this for you. Second is, I mentioned that we took obviously more than just our earnings out of Solutions. So remember, we talked about streamlining our capital base within Solutions. We made quick progress on that. Chris, maybe you'd just want to provide a few more comments there.
Rob Pollock: I think you highlighted the big ones. And again, we're focused on what we see the opportunity's been. And we see opportunities within Solutions. If we get a pick-up in the economy, again, that helps a number of our businesses. We think line-of-sight clarity on health will help with the revenue side. That's a story that will unfold this year, and won't have a big impact on ROE in 2011, but certainly will in the years out and I think will validate that we have a strategy that can win in that marketplace.
Mike Peninger: We're still working on those mechanics, Mark, but I think there are a lot of different things going on. The pricing changes, as Rob mentioned, will sort of flow through over the course of the year. Expense savings we'll likely achieved over the course of the year. If you think about the margins and the reserves that we hold at year-end 2010, those sort of get released in the first part of the year, but at the same time then, we're setting it up the rebate accruals, which will dampen that release. And you also I think have to remember that the rebate calculation will not really reflect margins in the year-end '10 reserves, the way it's set up as you look for actual run-off through I think the first quarter of 2012. So there are lots of different pieces. I think we're likely to see maybe more profits towards the front of the year, and then the rebate liability will grow over the course of the year.
Mike Peninger: The discount rate in the employee benefits reserves, and really what we've tried to do there Steven, it's more of a forward-looking thing. We tried to look at what new money rates we expect to earn in 2011 in this case. So we sort of come up with a gross yield that we think that we can make. And then we subtract off allowance for expenses and credit risk and things like that and end up with the difference being the discount rate. And as I said, we expect that to be 50 to 100 basis points less than our current 5.25.
Mike Peninger: It's an excellent point, Jeff, and there are a number of things that are different in terms of the MLR calculation that don't make it directly comparable to the GAAP number. The first is, obviously taxes. Bottom line, we think that maybe a good way to think about it is three, maybe four points lower than the loss ratio we've published.
Mike Peninger: Again, we will go into more detail on this, but if you take the fourth quarter numbers and take out some of the restructuring charges, the number's probably in the 26'ish, 27 range. And then as Mike mentioned, we are making commission changes, and we think those commission changes start getting us close to the numbers.
Mike Peninger: I think there is additional expense things we'll need to get, but I think that operating and understanding just how all the calculations work etcetera will help us hone the model a bit too Jeff. And remember, people talk about scale, and scale has importance, there is no doubt about that. The other side of things, remember, is scale historically we've thought about it and everyone has in the business as scale translating to lower price. But if you translate to lower price, you are also then restricted in what you can spend on the expense. And I think that's a dynamic that all providers are wrestling with a little bit. So again, we've been out; we have adapted our strategy, we're working. We feel very good that we're in a first-to-market situation with some of our ideas. But these will continue to develop as we move forward, and I am confident that we're going to have a winning strategy here.
Mike Peninger: I think another thing, if we go back 12 to 18 months, we had two phenomenon sort of going on at the same time. We had poor experience starting in late '08 into '09 that we had to correct. And I think some of our intent in saying that we could correct that underwriting problem, and we are going to do that and we are attempting to get that done by the fourth quarter of '10, which we did. But sort of a separate question then is what was happening to prepare for healthcare reform. So I think there were two very different sort of things we were trying to communicate there.
Mike Peninger: I think that's exactly right. And I don't know exactly where we'll end up. We'll make a determination before the first quarter reporting, where we'd like to see sort of where rates are, get a little more data on where they'll be. I don't know if Chris will want to comment on his view of rates, but clearly they are going to be lower. And the intent in giving you a range is to just say we're going to be somewhere in there, but we'll certainly look at as much data as we can prior to reporting for the first quarter and then we'll have a 'then current' sort of projection for the rest of the year. The point is, you want a discount rate that's somewhat relative to what you're going to earn. That's important obviously.
Mike Peninger: We take sort of a gross yield. We try to adjust for the fact that we've got tax exemption in the portfolio. We try to get a taxable equivalent yield. Then we would take up a spread, I would say in the 75 basis points or so to cover expenses and risk.
Mike Peninger: Well, I'd say both of them have been declining over the course of the year. So clearly, we'd be closer to that. But you've got to almost go linearly, probably from '09 through '11 or something like that.
Mike Peninger: And I think maybe another way is, just take the numbers or the decline, the 420 to the 250, so you've got, that amount of decline is not going to be probably straight over the course of the year. You could see a downward sloping line during the quarters. So it would continue on through each quarter on a downward sloping line during 2011.
Mike Peninger: Your question is a very state-specific one I think. Some of the states have made modifications to sort of line their own regs up with the healthcare reform. Notably California, recently I think adjusted their minimum loss ratio to be consistent with the federal law. So that's just an example of where there would be some after effect if some healthcare reform went away. So suffice it to say there would be a lot of confusion around if that gets repealed.
Mike Peninger: I think what we have seen in our block over many years, and the reason, as Rob said that we sort of chose to focus on the small employer is just that for whatever reason, there seems to be a tighter linkage between the employee and the employer. If somebody in a small employer group goes out, it's a noticeable impact on the employer. We find them generally to be very willing to work with us, to try to accommodate a partial return to work and things like that. So there just seems to be, we've just had better success in working with employers to get people back to work which is the ultimate key to this business.
Chris Pagano: Yes, and I understand that there is no doubt there is still a lot of confusion out there both on the part of consumers and agents. So sort of everybody is adapting to the new environment and there is learning curves on a number of fronts I think, which adds to all the comments Rob made.
Chris Pagano: Couple of things, and I think Rob touched on a lot of them, but the key here is discipline. You've highlighted where we are to start the year and we feel like we're in a very good position, a better position than we were at the beginning of 2010, even after returning all the capital that we did to shareholders. But what we're going to do in 2011 is look to grow earnings, but deploy capital to do that in a disciplined fashion. So the willingness or the ability to do deals, but the willingness not to do the ones that don't make sense. And then, where we do not see opportunities, we will as we did in '10 and have already begun doing in '11, we churn capital to shareholders. We still think the share price is attractive and we will also consider our dividend as we do typically in the second quarter of the year.
Chris Pagano: Sure. As a reminder, we've place our program in two separate placements, the first in January, the second in June. We've placed the 2011 program slightly more than half as part of the January placement. We also have two CAT bonds that make up about a quarter of our program that are already in place. So we have effectively got 75% of the program in place. The June placement, we feel good about that as well. Capacity is there. Pricing is slightly softer, all other things equal than it was in January and June of last year. And we'll update you once we get the program placed and give you some descriptions about what the program looks like once we're done in June. Now keep in mind though that, again all other things equal, rates online are lower, but the program has grown so that the all-in dollar cost may or may not be lower than it was last year.
Chris Pagano: Just one comment on rate. You are absolutely right that off the lows, which were sort of end of third, early fourth quarter, treasury rates are a percent higher. But when you look at what credit spreads have done, which is the driver of our reinvestment yield, you don't see as much of an increase. Now, ideally we'd like to give back some more unrealized gains in exchange for high reinvestment yields. And we are hopeful the trend will continue that way. And we will assess where we are at the time we set the discount rate. But it is volatile, and again the trend certainly is moving in our direction. But we can't count on that when we go to set the discount rate.
Chris Pagano: Rob talked about, the first criteria is, what is the strategic significance of the opportunity that we're looking at. But the second one, and where the discipline comes into play is, the evaluation of whether or not it makes financial sense. And there, we focus on cash flow. The goal is to look into IRRs for the particular opportunity. Do these IRRs meet, on a risk-adjusted basis, our required threshold? The minimum we think about is our cost of capital, which is in the 10% to 11% range. But we like to think we can get above that, targeting sort of mid-teens to the extent that's possible. But again, the important issue there being, on a risk-adjusted basis. And the other key is the discipline around that; understanding when a deal does or does not make sense. And despite the fact that we have significant holding company capital, debt capacity, tremendous financial flexibility, just the willingness to walk away from a deal if it doesn't make sense. Because undisciplined M&A is a way you destroy shareholder value, and in my mind I'd rather have holding company capital accumulate, return some of that to shareholders, which we have been doing rather than go out and do a deal just because I can.
Chris Pagano: The dividends we took out of Solutions were about $200 million more than the GAAP earnings. Again, a third of that or half of that $200 million was the capital streamline that we identified. So $100 million to $120 million of the $150 million we targeted. And then the balance of that were just other pockets of capital, which as part of our ongoing process of capitalizing to invest and then getting the balance of the capital up to the holding company where it's most flexible, we are able to find another $80 million to $100 million there. So again, that will also help the ROE picture going forward.
