Alan B. Colberg: Yeah. Certainly, Seth. I mean, first of all, in mobile, I think we felt good about the first quarter. It was in line with what we had expected. As we look through the second quarter and beyond, really three things are going on that will continue to drive performance in that business. One is, we are expanding with our existing clients. In my prepared remarks, I mentioned the rollout with T-Mobile of AppleCare. We're also in the process of launching premium technical support, which is another fee income service with some of our clients. Also, later in the year, we expect significant increase in trading activity, both with carrier promotions, but importantly, the new products that are expected or is excepted at later of the year. And then, finally, we continue to onboard new clients, some of which will impact 2017, the majority of which are going to impact 2018. We actually have a backlog as we implement. And then, finally, the mix is shifting. If you think back a few years, traditionally, that business was a premium business, handset protection, now it's heavily also a fee income business. That just shows up differently in the geography of the P&L. We feel good about the progress of mobile.
Alan B. Colberg: What you'll see, we're disclosing a few of the key metrics now between the number of subscribers which is more of the premium-based fees with the business, and then the number of devices that we have processed through our facilities, but the important thing to focus on is profit.
Alan B. Colberg: So, let me back up a little context on that business, and how we think about it. So we entered these businesses starting about three to four years ago now, really to leverage our strong client partnerships in the housing space. And our thesis was that we could gain share leveraging our partnerships and that worked very well in 2015 and into 2016. Really a couple of things happened late last year, early into this year, none of which changed our long-term perspective on the business. One is market demand has gotten softer than anybody had forecasted, really driven by the uncertainty in the economy and uncertainty on interest rate direction. And then, as we have been implementing our technology upgrades to really bring these businesses together, we've had some short-term client allocation shifts, but they don't fundamentally change how we think about this. So, weaker in the quarter. We are not happy with that, but we took aggressive action as to the leadership of that business. And we still feel very good about the longer term for mortgage solutions.
Alan B. Colberg: Yeah, no, I think from quarter-to-quarter, there could be small movements, but we did have some, as you mentioned, some very strong top line growth. We're attracting new clients, and the outlook is still intact for VPS to do well for the full year.
Alan B. Colberg: So, a couple of things. First, we're still bigger than we were when we acquired these companies, even with the disruption that's going on in the market in the short term. And it really was largely driven in originations, which has been affected by the uncertainty in the economy.
Alan B. Colberg: I think the originations were down in that 33%, 34% type range sequentially, but this business is still small, not material to our overall results, and bigger and the thesis has worked out until the last couple of quarters, and we don't see anything that would change that. And then, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we are able to quickly adjust the cost structure in this business. So that any problems can be remediated within a quarter or two.
Alan B. Colberg: We don't assume any M&A is required. We believe we'll achieve it through organic growth in both the multi-family housing and the mortgage solutions businesses.
Alan B. Colberg: So, a couple of thoughts there, John. I think the primary driver of our results recently has been the placement rate, and that came down 4 basis points, as the housing market continues to recover quarter-on-quarter. What we said on rates I think is still very much true, which is we're now normal course. We settled multi-state, and that's behind us. We have some states that approve increases based on our experiences, some states that have reductions based on experience. But I wouldn't anticipate any extraordinary trend there.
Alan B. Colberg: All right. Thanks, Dan, and thanks, everyone, for participating in today's call. We look forward to updating you on our progress later this year. Please reach out to Francesca Luthi and Sean Moshier with any follow-up questions. Thanks, everyone.
Richard S. Dziadzio: Sure. And good morning, Seth. It's Richard. Yeah. Just to maybe back up one step, at the beginning of 2016, we committed to return $1.5 billion to shareholders by the end of this year. As we get through at the end of April, we find ourselves at about having returned $1.2 billion both from share buybacks and dividends. So we're, I would say, sort of well ahead of the pace that we've put for ourselves. And really to answer your question more specifically, in terms of the first quarter, typically in a first quarter, we would be a little bit lighter in things as we see the year evolve and understand how we get through the summer and cat experience and all of that. But we are on track for the $1.5 billion and ahead of the pace.
Richard S. Dziadzio: So, Jimmy, let's make sure everyone is clear on what we committed to in capital deployment, which was to return $1.5 billion through both dividends and buybacks. So we have more than enough authorization in place to deliver on our commitment of $1.5 billion.
Richard S. Dziadzio: Not going to comment on that. What we do intend to commit is that we will hit that $1.5 billion that we've committed to return to shareholders. With authorizations, as appropriate, we'll go back to the board for additional authorizations. But bottom line, we feel very good about the capital position. We're going to continue to pursue both growth, funding organic growth and selective M&A, while continuing our long track record of returning capital to shareholders.
Richard S. Dziadzio: Yeah. Good morning, John. It's Richard. I'll take that one. Yeah, you're referring to the acquisition of American Title, and you're right. It added about $10 million to the revenue line. So you could back that out. It would bring down the overall revenues by 30%, 33% overall.
Richard S. Dziadzio: There is a number of things going on in the lender-placed revenues, as Alan said. It's placement rates, which would be the main driver. So it's placement rates, and then obviously, we have some new clients coming in and so forth. So there is offsetting things and there. So I wouldn't put my finger on one number.
