Alan Colberg: Yeah, no, this is absolutely a growth business for us. If you go back to when we made our first acquisitions in this area, about 2.5 years ago, we knew that broadly the market would decline as foreclosure volumes normalize. But we had an explicit strategy to gain share by partnering with the leading companies that are already our partner around lender-placed homeowners. That's worked very well. Part of the issue in Q4, you have some normal seasonality in the field side of the business, where volumes are higher in Q2 and Q3 and lower in Q4 and Q1. But we feel very good about the progress. We have a new leader that just joined to try to really integrate all of the four businesses together and give us a platform to drive even further growth in that business.
Alan Colberg: So I think what we've talked about there, the settlement has been fully now reserved for in 2016. So as we make payments under the multi-state settlement, assuming it's fully implemented in March, there's no impact on 2017. And as far as regulatory, at this point, as you've seen, we worked closely with all of our regulators, we cooperate fully when there are issues and questions and we feel appropriate, we're in a good position with our regulars at this point.
Alan Colberg: The market is, as we've said, we've been wrong often in the timing of the normalization, but not wrong on really where the normalization is headed. In 2011, when we put out the original 1.8% to 2.1% range, that was looking at the steady state kind of before the crisis. We're getting close to being in that normal range now. The 1.8 to 2.1 will probably update at some point. We have substantially more loans now than we did in 2011. We've added a block, a very large block that is very low placement block, but the way to think about lender placed normalization is we're nearing the end. 2017 is probably the last full year of impact of that normalization.
Alan Colberg: I think the answer is we still feel good about the 1.8 to 2.1. If we start to see that maybe it could be a little bit lower. We'll update all of you at some point, but right now we still feel good about what we put out.
Alan Colberg: So Seth, the way to think about the 1.5 billion was that's effectively the amount of capital that we generated through the sale of employee benefits and the wind-down of health. And we made a commitment to all of our shareholders that over the course of the two years, as that capital came in, we would return its shareholders and that hasn't changed. If you look at the rest of our capital, we have the same ongoing strategy we've always had, which is we're fortunate to have very strong businesses that generate a lot of cash flow. Priority number one is support the organic growth in our targeted growth areas and then the other priorities are continue to return capital to shareholders and look for selective M&A that can deepen or extend in housing and lifestyle. Nothing's changed there.
Alan Colberg: We’ve never said that. What we’ve said is that that’s a gross savings target and some portion of that will probably be reinvested continuously, but we expect a lot of it to fall through the bottom line as we get closer to 2020.
Alan Colberg: Seth, we agree and we recognize that it -- we owe all of our investors some more transparency on that. And as time goes by, we will definitely do that.
Alan Colberg: Yes. So let me just clarify our target and then I'll answer your question specifically John. We put that target out for the legacy solutions in 2013. At that point, the business was making about 130 million. So over the three year period, obviously with some variability, the legacy solutions more than delivered on that commitment, but to your specific question, yes, Preneed is not going to grow as fast as lifestyle, so you should think about the 10% as a lifestyle number going forward.
Alan Colberg: So you're absolutely right. There's not a lot of history to look at there, but the way to think about this is we only entered this business really in 2008. And so there's been dramatic growth over that time period and we did on our earnings call, maybe a year ago, a couple of years ago, I think we said we had about 20 million devices at that point in time. So you get a sense over the last couple of years of the magnitude of the growth. And we don't -- I'm not going to put out a specific number on what we expect that metric to grow at, but it's an important metric to look at as we try to just more fully penetrate the mobile ecosystem.
Alan Colberg: 2016 was a year where we were still working through the tablet program loss that we've talked about previously, but certainly we have a history over the last eight years of outgrowing the market. And certainly, as we look at the opportunities we have in our various geographies, we still have that opportunity. The other important point is, it’s not just the devices coverage on. We also are now increasingly doing a range of fee income that is not necessarily related to a device that we cover.
Alan Colberg: Let me talk through that with our team and if appropriate, we’ll disclose that as well, but let me just look into that.
Alan Colberg: Yes. So John, first of all, on the 380, that is roughly the right number to think about. So the way we think about it as we out the outlook that it's going to be flat, if you think about achieving our longer term targets, we need to grow operating earnings and we're very focused on that in addition to the disciplined capital deployment. I think we feel good about 2017. We're absorbing another and hopefully the tail end of lender placed normalization. And we're fully offsetting it for the first time in the earnings of the company through the growth in the areas and some of the efficiencies we are realizing that are starting to fall through to the bottom line. So yes, would we like to do more in 2017? Always. But if you look at that outlook, we feel well positioned coming out of 2017 to really grow earnings in 2018 and beyond.
Alan Colberg: So, Jimmy, first of all you're absolutely correct. We need to grow operating earnings and that's what we're very focused on as the leadership team. If we get to the future which we expect where we no longer have the drag of lender placed normalization, we're already realizing very strong growth in mobile connected living and vehicle protection services and multi-family housing and in mortgage solutions. And you combine that with the expense efficiencies that we talked about beginning to drop more to the bottom line, that's how we get to the earnings growth that’s needed in 2018 and beyond to deliver our EPS commitment.
Alan Colberg: We’ve had strong growth in mobile. We've had strong growth in service contracts on the digital side. We've just been dealing there with the legacy retailers in decline. That's another headwind that we've been facing that's closer to the end, in the beginning. And then if we look at that business, we think we're well positioned to continue to grow across those products, mobile, service contracts, vehicle.
Alan Colberg: Thank you everyone for participating in today's call. We look forward to updating you on our progress in May. As always, you can reach out to Suzanne Shepherd with any follow-up questions. Thanks.
Richard Dziadzio: The change in practices have already largely been implemented. We started five plus years ago now evolving the product, evolving our processes, ending things like quota shares that have been in place. So as we reach the settlement with the multi-state, the practices that are moralized there are largely the practices that are already in place.
Richard Dziadzio: Seth, it's Richard. I think what we’ve seen to date and what we’ve talked about to date is the fact that we have started to save, but at the same time, we are in the process of transforming the company. So we’ve done some pretty good things relative to, in our IT area, in our finances, in our COO operation and et cetera. So what we're seeing is during ’16 and as we said, in ’17, there is investment that goes along with this save. After that, we will see the save come out. We are targeting the 100 million in the early years of that. So I think part of it will be absorbed. As we go forward, we’ll set through ’18, ’19, ‘20, we will see some good saves coming out.
Richard Dziadzio: Yeah. Good morning, Jimmy. It’s Richard's. Yeah and I think I’d go back to Alan's earlier answer, I mean one of the things that we did earlier last year was we put out that target of 1.5 billion and we got ahead of it in 2016, roughly two thirds and I think your math is correct, saying we have 500 million to go. We have about $100 million in dividend that gives us 400 million left to meet that target that we put out. So we are focused on that and meeting that. But what we’ll do during the course of the year, and we do it off and I can promise you is to look at where we are with our level of deployable capital, look at the internal investments we're making, look at the M&A possibilities that we have and think about the best use of that capital and also in particular, thinking about giving it back to shareholders.
