Michael John Peninger: No, we have not called those out as disclosed unusual items, Chris. I mean, we were very happy with our mobile experience in the quarter of the year. We do talk, as I mentioned, about variability in these things. They're hard to predict in advance. But overall, mobile is very strong for us. And we also like several other areas have solutions too, which are performing very well, on our vehicle services business. We're excited about the new contract with SCI. So mobile definitely is driving our progress this year. But solutions, all solutions lines, are going very well. We got to keep in mind the declining areas too. But the domestic credit business and the retails channel in the U.S. But mobile plus those other areas we feel good about.
Michael John Peninger: Yes, and I think access has been a nice growth product to your point, Chris. But with that going away, we think that the exchange will -- be another source of revenue that will definitely offset that.
Michael John Peninger: I think as plans get more firmed up, we'll certainly be updating you about that, Mark. But we expect the savings from these initiatives to be meaningful.
Michael John Peninger: Yeah, I don't think we've provided that split yet, John. We've got contributions from the domestic clients. Notably, we've talked about T-Mobile, we've got a considerable amount coming in from [indiscernible] and Telefonica.
Michael John Peninger: Yes, and I think losses come in -- there's not like people have a phone for months and then they have more claims going up. I think it's more if there's variability and we see some seasonal variability and losses due to maybe there's more accidental damage claims. There might be a little bit of theft experience that varies differently on the age of the phone or something like that, but I think in general this stuff develops fairly quickly.
Michael John Peninger: Yes, we did see that last year and then we saw very good experience in this quarter that just ended that we talk about. So you do see there's some sort of fluctuations.
Robert B. Pollock: I think, Chris, if we go back and put this in a broader perspective, we're playing that big macro trends that we see going on in mobile. It's growing, it's growing in lots of different places. We're playing the trend of digitization, which is movement away from the big-box. Some of the things Mike talked about towards other ways of distributing product and we still like the growth in the middle market in Latin America. So those are the macro trends we're playing. Recall too that when we entered mobile, we entered that under an idea of ensuring devices. What we found is the much broader program management that Mike's talked about, which offer lots of different opportunities for us to participate. So we're quite excited about the mobile area.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So the first thing I think is, if you look at where we were a year ago, we decided to allocate resources toward consumers and agents as they were going through the impacts of health care reform. We also were at the belief that everything we've heard, the exchanges we're going to have, some trouble getting up and operating at the beginning, we didn't think that was the best use of our resources. That turned out to be a pretty good decision. I think things went well. So what are the learnings today. The learnings we found is the exchanges have gotten better, and they're also used by agents as a way to determine who might be eligible for subsidy. So -- although they -- I think the agent will continue to be the guider of the buyer in a lot of these situations, or most of them, they're going to use the exchange as a means to determine if someone can get a subsidy. We're going to make decisions on a state-by-state area based on where we think the best opportunities are, but we do think playing in that arena and demonstrating we can succeed there will be important for us going forward.
Robert B. Pollock: Sure, well, the accrual will continue to grow because that the settle up on these things won't take place for a while. But I think it will grow along with our premiums as so-called metallic premiums account for a bigger share of our business, Mark, the accrual will grow along with that. We'll be certainly be reporting out to you in a variety of settings about the progress. To the confidence in these, they're part of the legislation, the ACA legislation. We built them into our pricing. they were designed to make sure that individual carriers were comfortable being in the market. For the most part, well actually, I think they are industry funded. There's money being collected now and then in the case of the risk adjuster, it's sort of a zero-sum industry program. So we're quite confident about that.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, we think it will be quite meaningful -- it's a multi-year plan because of the complexity of the property of business, the complexity of the systems environment that's required to serve our lender placed clients and all, it doesn't happen overnight. But as I think we mentioned, we expect savings to start next year and then they'll build over the next year or 2.
Robert B. Pollock: Right. And you can just think about it as representing a lot of changes that have gone on in the marketplace, where historically having a tailored solution was very important to the servicer, with all the requirements that have come about around the compliance aspects of things, a move towards standardization will make a lot of sense. We've identified things to work on in that area. We've had discussions with a number of our clients. They're very receptive. So now, Mark, it's just a matter of execution on the things that we've identified. But it will take time, as Mike mentioned.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, there's certainly expenses, John. You can think about it as it's a big logistics business. Someone might trade in a phone or send in a phone for repair. We have to work on it, mail it back to them. So there's certainly expenses associated with these things. And the contributions from these programs come in different ways, John. We've talked about the $10 million contribution. But in some cases, because of the different kinds of program we do, sometimes they're accounted for through fees and sometimes they're expense offsets and stuff. So that's why we've tried to help you with that. And we mentioned that the combined ratio on the non-mobile things are trending sort of in line with our historical benchmarks. So I think with this additional disclosure, that can help you sort of figure out how mobile is coming through our financials.
Robert B. Pollock: No, it's a $10 million contribution to NOIs is what we [indiscernible] program. So there's much more combination of things, it's netting to that, John.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, I think at our Investor Day, Adam went through some of this, John, and outlined that. We're feeling much more confident that we can earn good margins in the traditional major medical business. I'd also point out, remember, we're on a journey here in health. And we said that as we developed our strategy over time, the first thing was to demonstrate as the Affordable Care Act went into business or became fully functional, that we could sell in that environment. I think we're proving we can do that. We know we have some higher expenses associated with commissions on new business. We've had to put resources on getting ready for all these things, and we think profitability will improve over time. And over the long term, we think we can earn attractive returns in the business. So step one, we prove we could do things. This year, we're going to go on the exchange, prove we can sell there. Longer term, we know the profits will follow.
Robert B. Pollock: No, I think there's some noise in the inner -- in the quarters, John, because of our complex legal entity structure. So I think if you go back and think about equity as we've got income, we take some dividends out from the segment, there's some growth that's certainly going to drive Solution's equity up. But I don't think it will go up. In fact, it will probably moderate a bit by the end of the year from the $1.7 billion.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, if you think about it on a state-by-state basis for instance, we're done in California. Those changes were put into effect a couple of years ago, we finished. I think what Gene outlined at Investor Day is we'd have about an 8% to 9% impact over the course of '14 and into '15. Obviously, Florida is a big part of our business. We started taking rate actions in Florida beginning in January of this year. And as business renews, that represents about 1/3 of our business, John. So there's a timing impact to how these things come through. And we review the stuff regularly on a state-by-state basis with each of the different insurance departments.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, we feel good about the $50 million in the fourth quarter. We took it out because of the strong quarter we just had. We're sort of already there. We pointed out that you just need to think about a little bit of variance, and we had really good loss experience in the second quarter. Historically, loss ratios have moved around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter. And then we talked about the sort of inherent difficulty in predicting some of these marketing programs because they're really under the control of the carriers. The carriers start and stop them. So we just want you to be aware of those things when we think, but overall, we're very pleased with Solutions results.
Robert B. Pollock: Again, we can't predict what will happen. We do have -- I think other things we've talked about, we've got expense savings going on in all the solutions that will continue to take effect, as we go through the year. A lot of the programs are designed around carrier strategies, and also the introduction in new phones, et cetera, those are difficult things to predict.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, I think Chris' presentation at Investor Day tried to address some of that Seth. And I'm going to let him tee up kind of where we are on a number of these acquisitions.
Robert B. Pollock: Correct. StreetLinks was -- it came in during the quarter, so that was a meaningful change from first quarter.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. It certainly, I don't know off the top of my head, but the hypothesis you just offered up could well be a reason, Steven. Yes, I think there's lots of -- sort of the loan counts are point in time snapshots, and it's directionally important but it's not a perfect timing match with our premiums. But I think you're thinking about it correctly. But in the loans, the pricing is going down, as we've talked as we roll out our new product.
Robert B. Pollock: No. A little bit different than that. So they can be promotional in nature. They might relate to someone sending us a phone, which we repair and get paid a margin on or it could be that we're actually taking a device and selling it into the secondary market. There's a myriad of different things that could go on there.
Robert B. Pollock: No, I just think that it will vary over time. I think that's the big point we're trying to make here is this won't be just a steady state. It will go up some quarters and down others. But, overall, the long-term trend, I think, is this is a positive contributor and demonstrate another place we can participate in profit pools around our overall program management.
Robert B. Pollock: It's certainly high given as long as we've been in it, but again, I think you'll see more of these things happening depending on the volumes of our clients being able to attract additional consumers. It may relate to introduction in new phones or devices. A myriad of things can drive it. And I think we'll keep you updated as these things go on. And as Rob said, these are relatively new. So our track -- our history is we have, what, $4 million in the first quarter, $10 million in the second quarter. Over time, there's likely to be some kind of baseline that will develop, but it just takes time for that to come out.
Robert B. Pollock: The health access product? It's a product that has fixed indemnity benefits, Steven. It can be a variety of different things. But importantly, not have all the benefit requirements of the ACA plan.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, but most of our sales are going to be ACA compliant, with our standard major medical site. Again, on Health Access, I believe the in-force will be allowed to remain in effect too. It will be grandfathered as other plans have, for those who have them.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, it's going to grow with the premiums, and the metallic premiums were a much higher percentage of our total premiums in the second quarter than they were in the first quarter, which drove that sort of increase. We're going to tell you, we'll report out regularly on these, Steven, to give you a sense. But they will grow with growth in the premium.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, we were estimating with no experience at the beginning. We had a little, but still a small amount at the end of the first quarter. We have a bigger, but still small amount at the end of the second quarter. I think, and Mike mentioned this, but I think this is important, we're participating in 2 of the 3 Rs. The health insurance fee is set up to cover the reinsurance recoverable, that's the claims between $45,000 and $250,000. So funded, Mike pointed out what we're paying on those fees, but that's being collected from all health insurers of all sizes to deal with issues in the individual market, okay? The risk adjusters is some companies are going to have worst pool of risks, and some are going to have a better pool of risks. Okay. That's a 0 sum game. If you've got a better pool, you pay in. If you've got a worst pool, you're a receiver. We think we're going to be a receiver.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, it's an expensive drug. I think they may have -- I can't speak to the specifics of what they're offering. But certainly, we pay a lot of attention to just looking at drug cost because they're something that are causing health care costs to go up, obviously.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So I think a couple of things first. The movement in that combined ratio has been driven by mobile. But as Mike pointed out, it can report through in the revenue line in the combined ratio. It can also report through as an expense offset in the expense piece. So those will produce slightly different dynamics in terms of just the calculation. Now in terms of the devices themselves, the basic program with the large carriers tends to be reinsured back or can be reinsured back to them. We think we have a long history in understanding the devices that are out there today and how they repair and recognize that in terms of how we look at our results. Could that change on new devices? I suppose it could, but we think we have a good handle on how repairs take place.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, we've certainly attributed that to kids having phones being outside, dropping them in pools in the summer. I mean those are the anecdotes that get offered up, Sean.
Robert B. Pollock: I don't think we have anything new to report here. I think, again, we've tried to report as quickly as we knew about the issue, and it's going to play out over time. We'll let you know if and when something happens.
Robert B. Pollock: Again, not -- I haven't looked at it in particular. Again, we've said that there's always been competition in the business. And really the fact that there's a lot of intricacies around the tracking, the compliance, et cetera, are a big part of our strengths in the process. But there's people who, obviously, have -- we're competing with all the time.
Robert B. Pollock: I think if you go back to Gene's presentation at Investor Day, John. It starts with, "Hey, this business over time is going to normalize," okay? And I think we tried to update all our guidance around what that will look like compared to the prior Investor Day. And I think the things that Gene provided said, is still going to be an attractive business. Probably going to have a little higher placement rate than we had told you last time in the end for a number of reasons. And that we think that we're taking rate actions, et cetera, but we'll still produce attractive but lower returns. I think all of that still is the case. In terms of the particular client, we'll report out if we know anything. But this is normal course action, I think, that can happen at any time within a business. And remember, we've been the net winner of most loan additions over the last couple of years. So again, I don't think this is anything out of ordinary course.
Robert B. Pollock: Look, the responsibility on succession is the boards. They've got to process. I think they're following that process carefully. I think, as most of our investors know, we've got a strong talent bench internally here. And the board understands that. They also have a fiduciary responsibility to look outside and what I've kind of pointed out is if they can find a superstar, they're going to bring him in. We've got lots of stars internally. So they're just working through their process, John. Thanks for joining us this morning. We look forward to updating you on our key milestones in the months ahead. Please reach out to Francesca and Suzanne with any additional questions you might have.
Christopher J. Pagano: Sure. I mean, it does a couple of things. First, again, this is the approach to M&A hasn't changed. We continue to believe that modest sized deals in targeted growth areas are the best source of value creation. We continue to maintain our discipline around cash based internal rate of return, hurdle rates. We do believe we have some debt capacity, probably $250 million to $300 million, just increases the financial flexibility overall. But as Rob said, cash producing operating companies give us significant amounts of, again, flexibility to deploy capital in targeted growth areas organically or through M&A, and then also to return capital to shareholders. We still believe the stock is attractive, and continue to view share repurchase as a prudent use of deployable capital.
Christopher J. Pagano: Sure. So just one -- a comment, just first about the capital intensity, These are fee-based businesses, so there will be very little additional capital outside of the purchase price. In terms of the investment thesis with these 2 investments, this is mortgage value chain. It's not a market that's growing, but a market where we believe we can gain market share by expanding our product offerings, leveraging our distribution with the -- within the mortgage market and improve the operating margins by efficiencies and synergies by rolling these businesses up into the broader property space. So we feel very good about that. We just keep in mind, though, that we look at these on a cash basis, internal rate of return, hurdle rate basis. There are significant intangibles associated with these 2 purchases. Field Asset Services is roughly $20 million of intangibles that will amortize over the next 5 or so years. The StreetLinks deal is about 75% of that purchase prices intangible. So you're not going to see significant NOI contributions in the early years. But over time, as we assimilate these businesses into Specialty Property, we do believe that they're going to be -- produce long-term profitability and value creation.
Christopher J. Pagano: No well, again, operating margin and NOI, separate discussions there, so -- which again -- so pretax operating margin will be a function of the synergies and the efficiencies. And then, of course, scale as we expand in the out years. So -- but in terms of NOI, you've got to back out intangible amortization, but that again is not a cash -- will not affect the cash generating potential for these businesses.
Christopher J. Pagano: John, I guess I think -- when I think about sort of the pace of buybacks relative to the deployment of capital in organic growth or the acquisition, again, we're focusing on the balance between those 2. We think it's the combination that's going to create value. We still think the stock is attractive. However, as I said at Investor Day, there are other alternatives, both organically and out in the M&A space, that are providing comparable risk return alternatives. If you look at the deployment of capital since the beginning of the year, we've actually returned about $120 million to shareholders via repurchase and/or dividends and done $60 million of acquisitions. So again, it's this balance. How we think about repurchases from this point on, it's again a function of cat season, the capital needs of the operating companies, the M&A pipeline and what's potentially out there and whether or not deals are going to meet our return thresholds. And then also the pace of segment dividends. Again we still -- as you mentioned earlier, we still got a fair amount of segment dividends still at the operating companies, that will come up during the course of the year. And the deployment will be calibrated accordingly.
