Mike Peninger: Hi, Ed.Ed Spehar – Bank of America: Good morning. Thank you. Mike, you were going a little bit quick there. I was just wondering if you could sort of go back at Solutions and could you cover again a little bit of some of the drivers in domestic and what you had said? And then I wanted to ask a question on the dividends that have been taken so far in the year-to-date, from the subsidiaries and how you are thinking about sort of the capital structure debt issuance or anything else in terms of if you happen to find other acquisition opportunities? Thanks.
Mike Peninger: Okay. I’ll talk about Solutions and then turn it over to Chris, but what I mentioned, Ed, was that earned premiums are increasing in wireless and retail and domestic. We continue to get nice growth in Latin America and then in terms of the overall premiums you’ve got the offsetting decline that we’ve talked about in the past from Circuit City and domestic credit business. 
Mike Peninger: Well, I think certainly the ability of our decision to buy the program -- the cat program in two steps allowed us to take advantage of the cat market earlier in the year, which gave us I think more cover or perhaps a better program than we might had we bought it all at once in June. I think the issue around cat and what’s going to happen with the reinsurance market on a go-forward basis is really going to be a 2012 event, but the issue around being able to buy back through cat season -- I think is really about having $400 million of capital above and beyond the buffer which is what we set aside to protect us against tail risks such as cat. So again, it’s the strong capital position, a good feel for the ability to get earnings out as dividends from the operating segments and a share price that’s -- as I said very undervalued.
Mike Peninger: I was just basically going to say the same thing that when you look at our sales, we’ve got sort of the traditional core products and then we’ve got the affordable products that we’re selling that we think are meeting. So we think we cover the gamut of, sort of, consumer needs out there and we’re seeing solid results, as Rob said, in the adoption of our affordable plans that we feel quite good about, actually.
Mike Peninger: I’ll start and say I think Gene provided a really good outline in the Investor Day at our view on what could happen. Obviously, we had a little pickup in placement rates again during the quarter. I think our belief is still that those will peak sometime this year, but, you know, we acquired clients in 2010. That’s helped lift our -- we are quite focused on that gross earned premium number and those have grown some. We mentioned that we will have another client coming on-board late in the year that will produce next year. That, again, will emulate that track level that Gene’s outlined. The big one is obviously is going to be the economy and government policy relating to supporting housing and we don’t have a clear line of sight on that, Chris.
Chris Pagano: And that the improvement, Ed, if you recall, we have been working hard on our risk management efforts in Solutions and so business that they wrote in ‘09 and ‘10 was better than earlier years and is now earning off the balance sheet. Okay? So we feel good about that but as Mike pointed out, our target on that is 98.
Chris Pagano: Again, it’s similar number that we said in the past, $3 million to $350 million of opportunistic debt capacity. We were at just under 18% debt-to-total cap, so it gives us a lot of room there. The other thing on the financial flexibility side and one thing that we’re looking at carefully right now is the possibility of extending the maturity of our credit facility. The current facility is due to expire at the end of 2012. We believe we can put another facility in place that goes out to 2015, will just give us a little bit more flexibility on that front as well. The other thing I would point out…Ed Spehar – Bank of America: Mike…
Chris Pagano: Okay. The question around capital and on a go-forward basis, Rob’s point about us re-assessing it every quarter, which we continue to do and I think the way we looked at this quarter is that with $400 million of deployable capital and a share price trading where it is, this is a good time to deploy capital and return it to shareholders via share repurchase.Ed Spehar – Bank of America: Thank you.
Rob Pollock: Yeah. What that means is that beginning in the first quarter, we will get the premium on the policies that exist today and then new placements will be ours as well.
Rob Pollock: Yeah. We feel that Solutions is developing some good momentum and that some of the growth is coming from our Lowe’s relationship, Mark, and that one, remember, is top line but heavily reinsured, so not all of that drops through to the bottom. And we kind of provided that outlook for this year. The earned premiums will be leveled despite the credit and Circuit City declines, but we should see net earned premium growth next year. I think if you can look on the balance sheet a little bit at the unearned premium within Solutions and that’s growing, again, as Mike pointed out, the Lowe’s account is heavily reinsured right now. But we are working hard to figure out how we can add additional value to that account. But Solutions is definitely finding some opportunities out there we feel, like that momentum is starting, so that’s good.
Rob Pollock: No. Again, we think we have a very compliant program. We think that we are operating within all the rules. We are really not a party to any of the discussions that are going on with the state AGs and the servicers, but obviously, we look forward to resolution of the issue because we think that it’s certainly something that is weighing on us.
