Robert B. Pollock: Sure. So let's go back to when the Affordable Care Act was passed. We evaluated options for the business and concluded our best option was to modify our strategy, focus on affordability and choice, and, quite frankly, I think we've been very pleased with our results today. We said that things were going to be somewhat discontinuous on the results side because the Affordable Care Act provisions would come in over time. But we still feel very positive about where we are in that progression. The sales are up quite a bit, which shows that our product suite is resonating with buyers. And I think the other thing we said is we believe that once all reform is through, and that really won't be done until the end of '14, we're going to have a business that we think we can grow and we think we can earn attractive returns in. And I would say, to date, we are pleased with the results. Remember, in this business, this is not a capital intense business, and so the returns we need to earn on the capital base can produce quite good returns in this segment. And I think we feel quite good about where we are.
Robert B. Pollock: Sure. Let me make a couple of comments. I'll turn it over to Chris. I think we've demonstrated that we are very disciplined in our approach to capital management and take deployment very seriously. We obviously had debt that matures in 2014 and we needed to look at how we deal with that going forward. Chris, maybe you can provide some perspective on that.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, we've certainly factored the change that went into effect in California. We have rate discussions as a normal course in many states. Those are sort of state-specific. I think the important thing is we try to balance all that we know about volume growth from new loans, rates, various other factors. All those things go into our overall outlook that revenue is going to be up a bit this year.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes, yes. Sorry, we really can't comment on QBE's filings. What we do, as we do in every state, is go through a lot of actuarial analysis around the specifics of our exposure and the various components of our rate filings until we feel good about the rates we filed for. We've seen over time when we've acquired new loans that our rates in Florida have been quite competitive in the marketplace. So overall, we certainly will be going through the review process with Florida, but we feel like we've given a very -- we have a very solid analysis behind our filing.
Robert B. Pollock: So -- and just to add to what Mike said. If we think about this a little bit, our sales are up, but we're still seeing a decline in year-over-year premiums. We think that -- we're optimistic we can get that to shift. We think when all the provisions are implemented, the market will grow. And therefore, right to what Mike said, we're going to have the opportunity to increase our pretax earnings, which will help alleviate this whole issue.
Robert B. Pollock: We've chosen to illustrate it in the Health segment. If we were an all health company, it would be spread over the whole thing. We could've spread it over all our segments. We just happen to put it in Health.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, as we commented, our life mortality was high and we see that periodically. Mortality on a life block of our size can vary so we had a fair amount of life claims in the quarter. I don't infer any kind of a trend for that. Dental, we continue to be very pleased with the earnings and the growth in that product. The other thing I think actually expenses for benefits are -- they're pretty carefully managed there. You're seeing a little bit of impact on the expense ratio because of the continued impact of we lost a couple of large disability clients that we've talked about in the past that -- so the top line is suffering the impact of that, which affects the expense ratio. But overall, we expect life to normalize. We continue to think dental is going very well. Voluntary sales are growing. So lots of reasons to feel optimistic about Benefits outlook.
Robert B. Pollock: As we mentioned in the fourth quarter, we started with smaller states. I think that continued, and, John, you know that our biggest states are pending, clearly Florida. That all being said, I think that we'll have them all implemented by the end of the year. I think that we'll have resolution on where we are in Florida by the end of the second quarter. And we'll be able to provide more fuller details as the market unfolds. In terms of provisions with servicers, one of the great things about the new product is it affords servicers choices, and we're going to have to see how those unfold. It also provides us with the capability to handle things that are contemplated both in the New York settlement and the FHFA. Last thing I'd just say there is the servicers do a lot of things around the process, including performing important billing and collection features. So we'll work with them as this all works through to provide a smooth transition to everyone involved.
Robert B. Pollock: Okay. So the first thing is we've increased our dividend every year since we've been a public company, and I believe when we first went public, that dividend was $0.07 a quarter. It's now $0.21 a quarter. I think if you look at all the players in the financial services area, we're one of a small handful who've increased their dividend every year. So we've not been shy about increasing our dividend over time. Chris, you could just elaborate on how you view the use of cash dividend versus other deployment.
Robert B. Pollock: And some of those expenses come before the premium shows up. And that's always been how this business has worked and I think will continue to. So these portfolio additions are not coming from existing clients, which is a little bit different than if they come from someone we have already. There's expenses if we lose from one of our clients but it goes to another. We know all the processes, procedures. We know something about the loans. When they come from a portfolio we don't have, there's more work involved.
Robert B. Pollock: But we add that over time. And I think one of the things to remember is we've added 1.7 million loans that you see in our totals here that have not yet produced premium but will later in the year.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. Well, we think that to those couple of things. One, I would say that our brokers are, in fact, more interested in voluntary because a lot of this is driven by the continued and sort of relentless increase in medical costs, which have small employers and brokers actually more interested in the voluntary benefits or the voluntary platform as a way to provide their employees with a good solid benefit package. And we really think that in addition to having a broad product suite, we have the system's capabilities and the technology to interface with the employer systems to make voluntary a very easy to offer package for small employers because one of the real challenges in the voluntary business is the administrative complexity of it. And we think that's where we have a better mousetrap. And I think that's starting to resonate in the market.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. I mean, look, in essence, the policy and new offering will go out. We'll have to make sure that they don't have coverage elsewhere. And if that's the case, then we will start earning immediately.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, that's right. That's because we have included the things. But we've got to run things through our latter cycle so we know that those loans are there, but they've got to run through our latter cycle. We have to verify that they don't have coverage elsewhere. And when that happens, we'll start earning the premium.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. Those are coming from clients where we don't really have a line of sight, Steven. So we'll onboard them, and once we've done that, we should have a line of sight on what will happen.
Robert B. Pollock: Yes. So if you go back and look at our 2011 Investor Day, we tried to provide some insight into that, John. I would say at that point in time, we thought it would be over a 5-year period, and you'd see placement rates trend back to 2006 levels, okay? Now what's changed since then? Because there's a couple of things here that in my mind are macro factors that are difficult to predict. And one is unemployment in the economy and as that remains elevated, I think placement rates stay up. I think a second is the number of seriously delinquent loans, some of which just relates to government policy and how they want to deal with those things. There have been a lot of policy around preventing foreclosure. I don't think we could've foreseen that. I think that's probably kept our placement rates up a bit too. I think the other one we're seeing that we didn't at the time, however, is also how voluntary carriers are dealing with their business in CAT-prone areas. Because we do have an overrepresentation in the CAT-prone areas because often coverage isn't available. So I think those are 3 factors that are driving things. I'd also point back to the comment Mike made, which is if you took out those loans we didn't have in 2012, our placement rate was down modestly in the quarter. And so we are seeing signs that, that it's happening and we expect it will happen as the economy improves.
Robert B. Pollock: Well, I haven't been very good at predicting this, John, so let's start with that. To me, it's been up and I think one of the reasons it's up is that last factor I brought up. And so I think it's very difficult for us to be able to assess how it will come down. But the other way I look at that is we've also added quite a few loans to the portfolio since we rolled that information out. Great. I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning. We look forward to updating you on key milestones in the months ahead. And please feel free to reach out to Francesca and Suzanne with any additional questions you might have.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes, Chris. I think I guess the important point to make here is nothing's really changed with respect to our strategy around capital. As we mentioned in the remarks earlier, the incremental $200 million is not leading to an increase in our after-tax interest expense, so there's no expense-related component of having the extra debt. We have talked about having extra -- the opportunity put on incremental leverage. We saw an opportunity in the market. We felt like we got some very long-term attractive yields on the debt. But I don't think -- and as Rob mentioned, we're going to continue to be disciplined. We have deployable capital in the form of cash on the balance sheet. We've got operating earnings that we believe we can get at over the course of the year. So tremendous amount of financial flexibility. In terms of deployment, again, the priorities haven't changed, capitalize the operating companies, look for profitable growth opportunities either organically or through M&A and return capital to shareholders, which we've demonstrated that we're willing to do over the last several years. And given where the stock is trading right now, we believe it's very attractive and that it continues to be a prudent use of our deployable capital. So again, those are messages that we have reiterated over the last dozen or so quarters, and it continues to be our strategy going forward.
Christopher J. Pagano: Again, I think again, we looked at the market at the time we felt like there was an opportunity to put some modest leverage at no incremental cost in terms of interest expense and view that capital as another -- just additional amount of capital on the balance sheet for deployment.
Christopher J. Pagano: And I'd just add to all of that, what Mike said, we filed in each of the states. We certainly have tried to reflect the experience of the states, which in some cases means there were probably modest declines that were filed through in some of those states. But a key component, Seth, is who actually ends up with our product, and that's something that changes over time. We've seen that over the last few years.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes, I guess a couple of points here I think that we've said. We're not done in Florida; Florida is our biggest state. New York is a sizable piece of our volume, as well. But I think the other key thing is -- implementation is the key here versus approval because there's a lot of work required to be able to administer these new rates across a servicer's portfolio and provide them with the flexibility our new product provides. So again, we have to do that in stages, and we're going to introduce those additional states in the second quarter. We plan to have them all done by the end of the year, and as we pointed out previously, we think our revenues will be up during 2013.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes. I think from the perspective of the program, I don't anticipate this leading to any changes in how we structure our program, and we'll comment more on that in the second quarter once we finish the placement. But as Mike mentioned, this would affect our capital holding. We would need to hold incremental capital at the property segment, kind of the rule of thumb is 50% of premium. And again, as this unfolds, we'll adjust accordingly.
Christopher J. Pagano: Yes, sure. And again, John, just another comment on the dividend policy. That is typically, per policy, we have that conversation in the second quarter with the board. We're going to have to do that in the upcoming meeting. Other alternatives, a one-time special dividend is certainly out there, might have some short-term benefit but our capital management policy is focused on the long term. And when we have the opportunity to repurchase stock at a 15% discount to book value, which is roughly where it's trading right now, we think that's the better use of deployable capital and will contribute to long-term -- the growth of long-term shareholder value. So we consider all of the things that you're talking about. We feel very comfortable, though, with our policy at this point. And again, we believe the stock's attractive and have been back in the market and continue to believe it's a good use of the capital we have at the holding company.
Christopher J. Pagano: The onboarding, the reason -- the premium results can sort of vary as you're adding loan portfolio, Sean, because it depends on whether the loans are flat canceled versus coming on at renewal. And so when -- and also since our coverage is effective when the date of prior policy, the voluntary policy lapse. Sometimes you get extra premium when it comes on board, which distorts the quarterly pattern of premiums.
Michael John Peninger: Yes, I think what I was trying to get at, Mark, is when you think about the effective rate for the tax rate for the business, you really sort of think about a couple of things. One is the pretax earnings and then, what are the non -- the expenses that are nondeductible under the Affordable Care Act. And while pretax earnings are lower than ultimately they will be once the business is through the reform transition, the effective tax rate will be lower at that point. So that's why we really think pretax is a good -- a better gauge in the near term, as opposed to saying after-tax with these very high effective tax rates that we're reporting.
Michael John Peninger: But that is -- we are applying the provisions of the Affordable Care Act, Mark. So there will be this element of nondeductible expenses. And as Rob said, I do want to emphasize that if we were entirely a health company of our same overall size, the effect of this would be much less noticeable because it adds -- I think if you think about our corporate effective tax rate overall, this adds somewhere in the vicinity of 50 basis points or 50 to 100 basis points or something like that. But we choose for, just to give you a better insight, to sort of apply the whole cost of that in the Health segment.
Michael John Peninger: That's correct. We think it's an attractive market. We think it will grow and, again, we'll point out again the capital requirements in this business are not that much.
Michael John Peninger: Really, we haven't chosen to break that out, John, and I think once all these regs come clear, it will play out.
Michael John Peninger: Well, there's a lot of expenses associated with onboarding the loan, Sean, and we've got a couple of things going on, just adding the loans, getting them onto the system, and then you've got -- going forward, you've got the service requirement for those. And we're certainly committed to maintaining the highest levels of service that we've had in the past, so that requires a certain amount of staff to do that. We have a very sophisticated system that helps us in this. So there's -- they're not all purely variable cost, but there are certainly some of those, and we want to be sure that we're maintaining our customer service levels.
Michael John Peninger: Well, we added 1.7 million in the quarter. I think we had talked about 1.3 million. We had another 400,000 that came in and then we had the 900,000 portfolio that Rob alluded to in his prepared remarks.
