Ellie Mertz: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to the Netflix First Quarter 2012 Earnings Q&A Session. I'm joined here by Reed Hastings, CEO; and David Wells, CFO. We announced our financial results for the first quarter at approximately 1 p.m. Pacific Time today. The shareholder letter and the Q1 financial results and the webcast of this Q&A session are all available at the company's Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.com.  As is our standard practice, we will begin the call with questions we received via email. Please email your questions to ir@netflix.com. After email Q&A, we will also open up the phone lines in queue for additional questions not covered by the email Q&A or letter. The dial-in number is within our investor letter, but let me repeat it now. Please call (760) 666-3613 if you would like to get into the queue.  We may make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on February 10, 2012. A rebroadcast of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6 p.m. Pacific Time today.  Now let's move directly to questions.
Ellie Mertz: We got another question on that. Churn spiked after the price increase but remains above historic levels. Will churn come down or is streaming-only structurally higher churn? Please explain your rationale.
Ellie Mertz: Sure. Churn spiked after the price increase but remains above historic levels. Will your churn come down or is streaming-only structurally higher churn? Please explain.
Ellie Mertz: I was wondering what Netflix will do to increase and hold existing subscriber base in the U.S. and elsewhere with so many other companies entering the streaming video business.
Ellie Mertz: In late November, you announced the closing of $200 million worth of convertible notes, and those could be converted after 6 months assuming certain conditions were met. The 6th month anniversary will end during the second quarter. Given that the shares appeared to be above the conversion price, do you expect these shares to be converted? And if so, when?  Yes, so the first convertible, 6 months after its issuance which was November, which places us in May, the company has the option of converting those shares at 30% over the conversion price, which is about $11. And the earliest we could do...
Ellie Mertz: Great. That's all we have right now for email questions. So at this time, I'd like to turn it back over to the operator and we'll begin taking live call-in questions.
Ellie Mertz: Great. That's all the time we have for questions today. I'm going to turn it back over to Reed Hastings for some closing remarks.
Reed Hastings: Well, we had a fantastic Q1, adding nearly 3 million members to our global subscriber base. We had strong results in all of our territories, including the U.S. Our gross adds are consistent with our historic patterns. Our churn is consistent with our historic patterns, and we're feeling very good about the year. If you look at adding 7 million net adds, which is our target for the year, and you compare that to 2010 where we also added 7 million net adds, in 2010, that was 7 million on top of 12 million starting members. This year, that 7 million on top of 22 million starting members. If the mathematical effect, if that's true, with steady churn, that in adding 7 million on top of 12 million versus 7 million on top of 22 million, that there will be a significantly increased seasonality of net additions. So the business is performing exactly as we had hoped. We are continuing to execute on all of the key dimensions. But the artifact of having 7 million net adds on 22 million increases the seasonality relative to 2010, and we tried to demonstrate that or illustrate that in our appendix showing this phenomenon. So everything is consistent with what we've been hoping for, and so that's why we feel good about the year, continuing like this. It's probably secondarily all of the macro factors are very good, which is broadband is continuing. We're getting better and better content. Viewing is at record levels, and consumers want click and watch on-demand Netflix Internet television.
Reed Hastings: In last year 2011, we were on track for 11 million or 12 million arguably net adds on a starting base of 19 million. And so that roughly parallels the 7 million net adds on 12 million from 2010. And it's the ratio of net adds to a starting base that's different this year, and that's what creates the variation in net additions. So this year, we're at 7 million -- targeting 7 million net additions on 22 million, and that's what's different from last year. So again, it comes back to the essentially these unintuitive math effects if you got consistent churn across the year that the net adds seasonality increases. Again, the easiest way to see that is in the 3 tables at the very end of the letter where we've abstracted some examples to try to get comfortable with that phenomena. So we feel very much that we're on track for the 7 million net additions for the year.
Reed Hastings: Lots of churn is people turning to service on and off. In other words, you join for 3 months, then you're not using it or you run out of money, so it's off for 3 months, then it's back on. Because we only offer a free trial to new members, subscribers particularly who are economically sensitive, price sensitive, had an incentive to them to start Netflix again under a different email address than they've had before. So there's no real clean counting of that dimension. What we feel great about is the very strong growth adds, the churn that's in line with our historic trends. So we're feeling quite good about the numbers.
Reed Hastings: And in terms of 2013, we haven't given any guidance. We would like to see 100 basis points per quarter go on for as long as we can. But we're going to have to feel our way through that year-by-year.
Reed Hastings: There's a reasonable amount of seasonality in viewing times in the Northern climates due to long nights, so we really compare this on a year-over-year basis as opposed to sequentially. But I can tell you that Q1 was all-time record for us in total viewing and in viewing per members. But in Q2 because of the seasonal, again, we'll compare that on a year-over-year basis.
Reed Hastings: We're growing content spend and content offering very aggressively going forward. And revenue is growing faster than that, so that's where we get the widening margin. But we have fractured -- a smallest fraction of the total amount of content that we would like to eventually have. So we will continue to grow the investment in content quite aggressively, slightly less than the rate of revenue growth.
Reed Hastings: It's highly variable by deal 2014 to 2015 when most of them come up. And as far as I know, no one else has right of first refusal.
Reed Hastings: Epix is on cable, and it's on EpixHD, which is a TV Everywhere extension of Epix and it's on Netflix. That's all that it's on right now. And then as we go forth with Epix, we're in a broad range of discussions with how to operate most effectively for both of us.
Reed Hastings: Well, the exclusive and original are 2 different things, so Breaking Bad's exclusive but not original as an example. Originals are just beginning, so all we've got up is Lilyhammer. So it's not yet hugely significant. But as we add in the next couple originals coming later this year, that will builds to a nice percentage of our total viewing.
Reed Hastings: We think we can produce contents at no greater cost than that per hour of viewing essentially than it would cost to get license, and then we have the advantages of the brand halo as well as the defensive hedge if we need it over time.
Reed Hastings: It was quite successful for the amount that we invested in and the amount of the cost. And it parallels some of the other premium exclusive content which we've got, like the Breaking Bad, in terms of its ratio of cost to viewing. So we feel really good about that of our first shot out. And as House of Cards and the other originals that we have come forth next year, we'll be very excited about those also.
Reed Hastings: It's really just part of content cost, that is we'll spend in the neighborhood of single percentages of our total spending content spending for next year on a P&L basis with the originals. So for us, it's just another source of content.
Reed Hastings: As we move up in the content buying economic strata, you start off with the kind of low-end, nonexclusive content. And then as you want to get shows like Mad Men, you have to outcompete with other cable networks to get those shows in syndication and those are exclusive licenses. And so we started doing more and more of those. As we want to do direct deals with movie studios, like DreamWorks Automation, that the other bidders will not take that content if we also have it. So those are de facto exclusive. So this exclusive trend has been going on towards more and more exclusive and will continue as we climb the economic strata and have better and better content. It's a natural outcome of us being a network like other cable networks, all of which are exclusive against each other. I don't think we'll have all of our content exclusive really at any point in time because we'll continue to also have a broad range of nonexclusive content. But certainly, there'll be more and more that is exclusive.
Reed Hastings: Well, there are lots of middleman that are hugely successful in many different industries. And sometimes, they verticalize the production and they have store brands for various items, and it doesn't mean that they're middleman or retail status is weakened. They do that to strengthen themselves. And if you think about HBO, initially it was on almost all licensed content and then they grew in as they gain scale to also doing produced content. But still, a majority of HBO's budget is on content produced by others, by the major studios. So yes, we feel very comfortable about being an aggregator that packages together an incredible set of content to provide a great value for consumers and that's a great position to be in.
Reed Hastings: No. We're very focused on keeping our proposition extremely simple. We think that, that is the right strategy when we're in this rapid phase of growth of the market, to have a single, paid dollar unlimited product in the marketplace. Eventually, in the next curve model, in the tail phase when the market matures, then you'll look to segment in various ways. But knock on wood, we're a long way from that, and we'll continue to focus for the foreseeable future on a clean, simple proposition.
Reed Hastings: No, I'm not sure why cable network ratings are -- some are up and some are down. I think it's mostly due with the individual programming. If you've got incredible programming, there's several examples where the ratings are up. And in terms of how it affects us, we've got the ability to pay because we've got a larger subscriber base than anybody else. So to the degree that the prices are higher, we're still able to deliver on the consumer proposition.
Reed Hastings: Our understanding is that it will still happen, yes. In terms of particular time frame, we're not sure on what that might be.
Reed Hastings: Well, I'm not sure at this point. I think we're broadly socializing the idea of what's neutral and what's not, and we documented one clear example where we think this is not at all neutral. And we're engaged in a public discussion, essentially, of the issues. So we'll see how that plays out.
Reed Hastings: Well, I think the concern we have is with the principles of net neutrality. Obviously, with a high enough cap, it kind of doesn't matter. But if something is accepted with one cap, we may find the next year that the cap is much lower. And so I think we have to really start to figure out the principles and advocate for those upon which we're all operating. I would agree. It's not a near-term issue with the 250 gigabyte cap. But the core principle is important anyway, which is the cap should be applied equally or not at all.
Reed Hastings: Well, I think what's happening is everyone's realizing that consumers want click and watch on-demand, and so there is a lot of announcements of everything from start ups to large companies. And we've been focused on this market for a very long time and have some substantial advantages because of that in terms of the breadth of our integration in the various devices, in terms of our on the remote control buttons that we have on Smart TVs, in terms of our integration into all of the game consoles. We have big advantages in terms of the development of our website in the core service, the algorithms and the personalization. We have incredible content. It's not as broad as we'll eventually have, but it's much broader than any competitor. So often what happens is when there's a lot of attention on the market, there are new competitors, but the leader gets the majority of the benefit of that and it's our job to continue to deliver for consumers so that we're chosen more often than anybody else.
Reed Hastings: Well, we've been really happy with the U.K. and Ireland, just great results there. We've got great results in Canada. And in Latin America, we'll get there eventually, but it's going to be long going harder than we initially thought. So we'll tend to be more towards developed markets that are more like Canada, U.K. and Ireland than strong emerging markets like Latin America.
Reed Hastings: In Latin America, we're seeing a very nice revenue growth. It's just not as fast as we anticipated in terms of catching up to the content. So if there was a situation where we didn't have revenue growth, that would worry us, but that's not the situation that we have. We're seeing very nice revenue growth, and we're continuing to improve whether it's payment, whether it's the streaming delivery, all the other systems. And second, there's no competitor that's ahead of us. If we were would then be beaten in some nation by some other competitor, that would have us maybe rethink how long would it take us to get to profitability. But again, that hasn't happened. So for now, we've got a rapidly growing business. It's still running at a loss, and it's going to take longer, we think, than 2 years to get there. But the vectors are all in the right direction.
Reed Hastings: There's a number of integrations we could do. One would be in the iTunes aspect, others would be with ISPs, others would be with cable companies. So we're looking at those broadly, and each one will have small, positive effects. There will be no one breakthrough or silver bullet.
Reed Hastings: Well fundamentally, we're funding it with the domestic profit stream. So our domestic business is showing great new growth in both revenue and contribution margin. And so we're using those profits to fund the international expansion, and it's needed by that by our view of staying approximately breakeven on a global basis.
Reed Hastings: No, not particularly. We anticipated that in markets that we don't get to for a few years, there will be stronger local competition than in markets we get to soon. So I think that's probably pretty obvious. That's really the only aspect of it.
Reed Hastings: Well, from a diversification standpoint, if we were as big in the southern hemisphere as northern, they would balance each other. So it's definitely linked to the length of the winter, length of the night. And it would be -- and is reverse seasonality from the northern hemisphere and the southern. But on a practical basis, with the U.S. just under 90% of the business, it's the dominant aspect of the U.S. seasonality.
Reed Hastings: Usage has been very strong. I don't want to give, for competitive reasons, specific numbers. But we've been very pleased with the active usage and growing usage as we add more and more content and continue to flush out the devices in particular to getting on the Smart TVs.
Reed Hastings: Jason, it's Reed. We did just answer the Apple question, which was no comment. And then on the U.K. Facebook success we've had, we haven't characterized any specific metrics, and for competitive reasons, we're not further elaborating.
Reed Hastings: It's passive in the way that you used that word like Spotify U.S. if you're using that where your viewing history is optionally shared with your friends.
Reed Hastings: The brand recovery is partway complete. We had said it would probably take 3 years with the bulk of the recovery in the first year. That still seems to us to be the correct model. So we're feeling good about the progress we've made. We do -- we are conscious that it's tender and that we have to be extremely diligent and thoughtful in the way that we act as we build back our brand reputation. And then in terms of tablet, it's a great and growing viewing source for us, but we haven't characterized with any specifics any of the particular devices, again, for competitive reasons. We are on both Android and iPad.
Reed Hastings: So Rich, the average consumer is watching, as you said, nearly an hour a day, and then they're not canceling. So the cancelations is amongst the people who aren't watching much. So our job is to get those light users that are not very active to be watching more. And the other phenomena is as the service gets better known and more popular, that expands the circle of people who join it, who maybe aren't as much in entertainment as the initial 20 million or 25 million. And so it's natural that as the service expands its reach, that there is continued churn as people try it, figure out if it's for them right now and if not, they get off. So that's where that phenomena is from.
Reed Hastings: No. It's just that it's -- it's not exactly a bell curve because it's got the skew on the big end. But it's the median is not wildly different. It's just that there will be 20% of people that don't watch much, and most of the churn will come from them. And you asked the question, when people quit, what do they cite? And the 2 big ones are not watching enough and don't have any money, which we see also.
Reed Hastings: It's a mix of those. If you think about the moments of truth for a member, at any point in time, they can watch Netflix or they can watch cable or they can watch their DVR, they can watch a DVD or they can watch Hulu. And we have to win enough of those moments of truth to keep the subscriber active. And one of the ways we win is that a really broad selection, personalization, ease-of-use and otherwise it's just a habit, like being able to see the red Netflix button on the remote control.
Reed Hastings: We're feeling great about our $8 dollar price because we can then get lots and lots of content for our subscribers, so no anticipated changes there. And then in terms of subscriber acquisition, mobile is a good source for us. Video is disproportionately watched on television. So things that are TV-based sign-up, like on the game consoles, like Apple TV are really the brand center and the biggest drivers of potential opportunities.
Reed Hastings: Yes. It's exactly is your intuition is probably leading you, which is if you use Netflix on lots of devices and if you use it for lots of time, you're more engaged with the service and you are less likely to churn. So that's definitely an indicator.
Reed Hastings: John, yes, we're feeling comfortable on the 7 million, and you could put a range on it if you want, but it doesn't really change the goal. So we were just being straightforward about what our goal is. And in terms of the personalized accounts, that's something that we're developing a number of versions of. We'll be doing some consumer testing with different versions of that going forward. But there's unlikely to be any revenue associated with that, and that is we're most focused on how do we improve the experience and we'll see that in retention and acquisition at this point.
Reed Hastings: Scott, I would say it's mostly based on how we did in Q1 and then which helps us feel good about being on track for that 7 million. And then secondarily, in terms of the macro climate, it's the increased integration with Smart TVs. So if you go into a Best Buy today, we've got a stronger presence than we've ever had in the integration with both Smart TVs and Blu-ray.
Reed Hastings: You can think about it as breakeven on some rolling basis or approximately breakeven on some rolling basis, or it's -- we'll go under and then come up and go under and then come up. But ordinarily and when I made that comment, it was on the quarter.
Reed Hastings: Barton, the technology underlying the Internet and fiber optics is absolutely mind blowing. So you can take our peak viewing on a Saturday night, 100% of our global viewing, and it can still fit into a single fiber optic. So I don't anticipate any brownouts. I anticipate continued growth of the broadband power being released as more and more become -- we become a fiber optic nation and a fiber optic world.
Reed Hastings: Well thanks, everyone. As I've said in the beginning, we had a great Q1. We were thrilled by it in terms of our U.K. launch, in terms of our growth around the world, in terms of getting to great viewing records in Q1, and we're on track for breaking those records in Q2 on a year-over-year basis, so we're excited about that. The odd thing about our numbers, I realized, is that with stable seasonality in gross adds, we see increased seasonality in net adds, and that is this mathematical artifact that we try to document. I know it's got some people concerned, but we feel great about our progress and being on track for our 7 million net adds for the year.  With that, I want to thank everyone for being on the call and look forward to catching up with you.
David Wells: I think the earliest indicators will be our net additions in Q2 going into Q3. So when looking at as we continue to see the same net addition rate both with the strength of the new members that we're bringing on to the space and the user engagement that we see both with new members and existing members, if those trends continue forward, we would expect to be continually confident in our ability to add 7 million members.
David Wells: Just on the prior question, too, I think the prior question asks narrowly what the seasonality in Q1. It follows the prior seasonal pattern, so just to make sure we answer that question. And then could you ask that question one more time.
David Wells: What we said before is streaming-only does have a slightly higher churn rate than our DVD service did and sort of part of our legacy. It's easier to come in and out of that service than the DVD having the DVDs at home and having to mail them. We would anticipate that, that need continues forward. But we do retain subscribers that have been with us longer at higher rates than subscribers that join our service. So as the base ages, the retention rate -- the overall retention rate improves. Therefore, as the age basis, that retention rate will improve just like it did with our DVD service.
David Wells: We talked about in the letter streaming content costs were lower, some customer service costs were lower and the delivery costs were lower. On the content side, we actually were pretty close to what we expected in terms of expense. But because it's such a large number, if you're slightly under that, it can be meaningful in terms of contribution margin. And most of what I saw was several small deals got pushed into Q2 or didn't close as of the end of the quarter.
David Wells: H.R. 2471 is our bill to amend and improve and modernize the VPPA, and no, there's no assumption built into the numbers of that passing.
David Wells: The biggest driver are deals that we thought would close slightly earlier than they did and that has a carryforward effect from Q1 to Q2. So I'd say that's the largest driver of that contribution margin outperformance.
David Wells: So I think we addressed this in the letter, but in terms of Q2 profit expectation, if you take the midpoint of guidance, there's a modest net income profit. What we said is we would continue to launch international markets and stay about roughly breakeven. So with the Q4 launch, we would probably be facing a small loss rather than breakeven and then work our way back to breakeven.
David Wells: And I would say we look at the performance of those pieces of content like any other pieces of content in terms of cost per hours viewed and its efficiency. So across that class of content, we would expect to compare it against other like content.
David Wells: And I think what we said in the letter was that free cash flow, the cash will actually ramp as originals ramp into 2013. So the costs are already baked into our assumptions around content expenses. It's the cash that we'll ramp noticeably in the back half of the year.
David Wells: I think that's referring to the content and contractual obligations. And at the end of Q1, that was $3.7 billion, which compares to $3.9 billion as of the end of 2011 and $1.8 billion a year ago. So it's down slightly from the end of the year as we moved content from that table on to the balance sheet, and that it became a window essentially in that asset recognition criteria.
David Wells: The costs were immaterial in the past. They rose in Q1 as we talked about in the letter, getting more towards 100% of our offering in Latin America subtitles. So we faced increased cost in Q1. And the prospect as we launch additional non-English markets is that these costs will be material. So from an accounting standpoint, when your low, it don't matter. You don't have a policy. When they become material and in bulk, they are material and they stay material, there's more argument that they'll be capitalized. And we look at this and we needed to create a policy in Q1, and we didn't have that accounted in our forecast.
David Wells: We haven't provided guidance on that. What I said earlier was that we would be looking to fight back to a global consolidated breakeven after the market launch in Q4.
David Wells: And I would say that the pronounced weather pattern is one aspect of it. But as we contemplate other markets, we look at the seasonal TV viewing behavior, the seasonal rental behavior on video-on-demand and things like that. I mean some of these countries are tropical. They don't have a pronounced winter or summer, and they may follow the same pattern in terms of the northern hemisphere, but it's early to tell.
David Wells: We're confident because the retention of those subscribers are -- is improving from Q4 to Q1, and we may see some seasonality around Q2. But in general, the number of subscribers we're losing on the hybrid side are not the step change that we experienced from Q4 to Q1, largely because people were deciding whether or not they wanted to pay $16 for a hybrid service when we made the changes in July and they sort of rationalize those decisions over Q3 and Q4. So increasingly, fewer and fewer people are having to make that decision or have already made that decision about whether it's a value to them to pay $16 for the service, and that's what drives largely the sort of decreasing rate of decline.
David Wells: I was just about to say that, that rate moves around a little as we come from a loss into a profit perspective at around 38%.
David Wells: Anthony, this is David. That hasn't changed, right. That's consistent with what we've said in prior quarters, and that's not a big acquisition driver. It's a big value driver for our subscribers.
David Wells: Heath, this is David. Teasing out people who don't use it a lot but have a lot of connected devices, that's probably not a common case. So people who use a lot of devices tend to watch a lot of hours.
David Wells: This is David. I'll take that one. I would say that in general in the DVD business, the big driver is the rate of subscriber decline. There's some other smaller things out there like postage rates and the fact that we would expect an annual postal increase going forward, which we have in the past. I would say the other aspects are there's some minor things on just as you reduce shipments, you lose some scale advantages, but those are small relative to the subscriber decline. And that's why we put in the letter that we would expect that the margin would stay relatively flat through 2012.
David Wells: I would add to that, Barton, that you're starting to see the ISPs compete on speed. It's in their ad -- prominently featured in their advertising. So it would feel a little inconsistent to be trying to advertise and compete on speed at the same time warning your consumers that you're going to face shortages of the product.
