Reed Hastings: There's a substantial level of competition, as you would expect, not only amongst the online players but against cable networks and sometimes in partnership with cable networks in the window sharing. So content owners want to get the best price for their content as you would expect, and they're pretty sophisticated about making sure that they've got all the possible offers on the table.
Reed Hastings: I'm not sure that Amazon specifically is a different risk. I would say, in general, Starz, like any other content provider wants to get the most money for their content. The Starz deal is non-exclusive today so it could be across a range of providers, it could be a single. But I don't think I'd particularly single out Amazon as a risk factor relative to, say, Hulu Plus or Dish or anybody else.
Reed Hastings: Well, there is a slight shift there, which is we're willing to try a little bit more riskier work than we've done with a little bit of our budget, and then we're going to see how it goes. So sort of how we approach international, when we tried Canada first before getting too committed. And our theory is that with serialized content, we may be able to build an audience very effectively because if you -- with on-demand, you can get back to the first episode as momentum around the series builds. I don't know if it's anything we'd bet the farm on, but we're certainly willing to try it with a small percent of the budget in House of Cards and then 2 or 3 other smaller ones that we would look for. And if we're successful with it, then we would expand our circle of confidence a little bit more, a little bit more. So we'll take it step-by-step and year-by-year.
Reed Hastings: Well, House of Cards doesn't start until the fall of next year so it'll be a couple years out before we are faced with those decisions, and we've licensed it for multiple territories.
Reed Hastings: Well, what we've seen as an example with Spartacus is we've seen something even more aggressive, which is we have current season with Spartacus, that's a Starz original, which has been very successful. And now, it's one of the highest rated shows on cable despite the fact or maybe because of the fact that it's also on Netflix. And so I think, in general, it's opened our eyes to the fact that more and more awareness of a given show sometimes creates more viewing on both cable and our MVPD [multichannel video programming distributor] and on Netflix.
Reed Hastings: I don't think there's any animosity. It's only a question of is our check big enough. And so as we get a larger subscriber base, that becomes easier to write bigger checks. And it's very respectful, I would say, across the board.
Reed Hastings: Well, we’re not sure of how much local content will be important for Netflix. With Canada, we've got a fair amount of Canadian content and it's quite successful for us. And our new territories will also license some local content, and then we'll feel our way along as we see what's our subscribers are viewing and what they enjoy.
Reed Hastings: I think you should think about them as separate. We'll run the U.S. around 14% operating margin and spend on content in accordance with that. And in international, you'll spend as we see appropriate to launch the service, where we’ve, obviously, got spending ahead of revenue. And then as rapidly as possible, within 8 quarters in our target model get each territory to be positive operating margin. In Canada, we've been very successful and we intend to be at breakeven on a operating contribution basis within 4 quarters of launch which is in Q3 and really quite extraordinary. That's probably too high a bar for every international territory, but 8 quarters feels good.
Reed Hastings: We don't have any indication that in the U.S. low, call it, below 100 gigabytes data caps are going to become a significant offering. In Canada, it's switched to default so every virtually everybody is on our low data usage, slightly lower video quality plan. And it is helping both directly in terms of the usage and indirectly in terms of the general fear of usage charges, so it's a mitigator. I'm not sure I would call it a solution. It helps. I think, the right solution, over time, is that Canadians enjoy great untapped Internet like the rest of the developed world.
Reed Hastings: I think on what drove the overshoot on the forecast is just we don't have any seasonal data. So the growth was very consistent throughout the quarter, and we're really happy with it. And it's a pretty small percentage, but we just don't have multiple years of year-on-year data. In terms of the caps, they play a role, but they played a role from inception. The caps are not something that were new this quarter. The caps have been in effect for a year or more in Canada.
Reed Hastings: We'll know in 1.5 year from now after we've gone through the initial seasonality is massed by the launch. And so you really can't get a clean read until at least a year from now about the beginnings of the seasonality effect.
Reed Hastings: If we continue to see the kind of success that we've seen in Canada, if we think it would be very smart for us to move at least that fast, yes.
Reed Hastings: The reason that we feel a high degree of confidence is how well Canada has done, how well our licensing has gone for content in our second international market, and our qualitative focus group work on the reactions in that market for our service. So those are all very healthy indicators that we'll enjoy success.
Reed Hastings: Well, what we’ve said before was that the individual subscriber market is that 2 to 3 or few year, I think is how we characterized it in the last Investor Letter. And we haven't changed our point of view. This is a gradual evolution. It's not going to be an immediate 90- or 180-day thing for Netflix. And I think pricing is certainly part of that evolution, changes to the interface are part of that evolution, changes to how we -- if and when we enforce concurrent stream limits, either per device or by account. So there's lots of things for us to figure out and tease out. We wouldn't want to alienate the subscriber or the consumer as we go through those. And I think that we'll evolve to those over the next couple of years.
Reed Hastings: I don't think so. In fact, what we've said before is that basically downward migration and upward migration are canceling each other, and that's what we continue to see. With respect to the price change, we saw behavior that was more linked to the immediate announcement than to the credit card change. Meaning when a subscriber actually got the change to the price on their bill, there wasn't as much activity as when they were notified of the change.
Reed Hastings: Normal seasonal pattern. It's also a factor of the tremendous growth we saw in Q1. If you followed our company for a long time, you'll note that when we grow quickly, our churn goes up because the retention rates of early subscriber are lower than those subscribers that have been around for 12 or more months. And we continue to see that.
Reed Hastings: What we said is streaming only has a higher churn rate. It's easier to get in of and out of so it's the same as we said last quarter.
Reed Hastings: Well, given how stable churn has been the last 2 years, I'd be hard put to think why it should suddenly decline in the next 18 months. And the question refers to us like other MVPD, and MVPD is a much different service. It's premises-based. It's more expensive, and it's more considered an essential service so it's really just quite different in all those dimensions. We have a low subscriber acquisition cost, and we have higher churn. And people do test out the service, come back, go out, go in. And that's fine because our overall growth, our net adds are continuing to increase.
Reed Hastings: Our focus is really on streaming at this point. So I don't anticipate that we would have or will make those kind of announcements.
Reed Hastings: Well, a big market attracts a lot of competition. I think, it's pretty clear to everyone that online video is a big opportunity. There'll be a number of substantial competitors. If Dish launches something into the Blockbuster brand, that'll be the newest entrant. Clearly, Hulu Plus and Amazon may or may not have been having a success but they haven't held us back at all, at what you'd expect to the growing market because in Q1, domestically, our net adds were up over 90%. So we feel great about that.
Reed Hastings: We really don't know what Dish is up to, but presumably they paid a couple hundred million for Blockbuster not for its technology but for its brand. It's a well-known brand. And they would do that, it would be consistent to do that if they had plans to launch a service with a fair amount of content and a fair amount of marketing such that it would make sense to pay $300 million to be able to use the Blockbuster brand.
Reed Hastings: Well, HBO GO is an implementation of TV Everywhere. A consumer can't subscribe to HBO GO directly. And so it really doesn't compete today. I would say our overall effort that TV Everywhere is making is how to improve MVPD. And one aspect of that is HBO Online. But for example, in the Comcast implementation, you don't use HBO GO as the user interface. You use the Xfinity user interface. And so, I think, you'll see different implementations and the only -- the competitive threat to take out of that for us is TV Everywhere.
Reed Hastings: I can handle it. There's a mix there when you do a rev share title. Most of the expense, essentially all of it, does not go through that line. So that can be a shift towards rev share from purchasing DVDs.
Reed Hastings: We're working hard on Android. Don't have any news at this call. It's a big priority for us, and stay tuned.
Reed Hastings: We very much expect to work with our CE partners around the world. And certainly in Canada, we've already done that with specific Canadian implementations across all of our major CE partners. And there's now many, many devices in the Canadian market. And that's a good blueprint for what we'll be doing going forward.
Reed Hastings: We always try to market most efficiently we can. And sometimes if one channel, say, outdoor or online or print or network to increasing costs, it would get less of our total dollars. So it's a big broad mix of which the 2 primary components for us are online and television, not necessarily network but cable offering.
David Wells: To add to that, this is David. In the House of Cards deal, it was a prepackaged deal that came to us. We weren't looking for -- out there looking for creative talent or directors or a script. It's a small nuance, but it was an important one for us and the fact that we weren't having to manage the larger part of the creative process.
David Wells: I'd say there's an opportunity here outside the U.S. in some markets. And with respect to some local content, there might not be a secondary market or a third or fourth sort of channel for the content owner. So to the extent that we might be the only syndicated buyer in the market, it's going to work well for us in terms of the economics.
David Wells: Just to add to that, we achieved 8% of broadband household penetration in Canada in 7 months. It took us 6 years in the U.S. to get there. Just so that you don't feel like we're sort of trying to makes ourselves feel better on the forecasting is we're happy about the business. We think we’ve got a great business going in Canada and we're excited about going forward.
David Wells: And those qualitative factors have a lot to do with how much that content is going to cost us relative to where we think we could price it and the consumers' willingness to pay based on their other entertainment alternatives. And we've grown more, I think, confident over the last year given where we think those economics are going to work out.
David Wells: Yes and we've said before that the streaming-only plan actually crossed over the DVD only. So that is retention for streaming-only subscribers is actually a higher rate than DVD-only subscribers. It's going to be slightly lower than hybrid, but it's better.
David Wells: There's no such thing as a right base for going forward, but what we’ve said in the last quarter's Investor Letter and we reiterate it in this Investor Letter is that we identified the fact that we would have additional money. We would love to spend it on streaming content. Because of the complexity of those contracts, there's more lead time acquired and therefore, we put the money into marketing. So the higher SACs sequentially from Q4 to Q1 is a somewhat of an artifact of additional marketing dollars we spent up to the efficient point in Q1. And we'll continue to make that trade-off going forward. Now what we've said in the Investor Letter, just to remind folks, is that we're going to weigh streaming cost. We plan to do that. We're going to continue to do that, and so you should see marketing as a percentage of revenue somewhat mollified relative to Q1.
David Wells: We've done question this before and what I’ll respond by saying that the penetration in the U.S. is 21%. You can calculate that for yourself by looking at the 22.8 million U.S. subscribers and taking it over roughly 110 million households. The reason that people ask us this is we've given out Bay Area before because when we launched the DVD service back in 1999, we started in the Bay Area. And we had thought at that time that the Bay Area would be a good proxy for the rest of the country. We've come and evolved that notion to believe that that's not necessarily the case especially with a streaming product that we've launched nationally. So in terms of penetration, it's 21% U.S.
David Wells: So I was just responding to you the sequential increase in AP last quarter. I answered it somewhat narrowly in saying that the two contrasts that drove that AP increase were going to reverse themselves out in Q2, and they did. On top of that, in addition to that, we signed a bunch of new content deals that we discussed in the Investor Letter. And to the extent that those deals were within a year with identified titles, it drove the AP up. So let me answer this in a general sense. Cash payments for content increased $130 million year-over-year versus $110 million year-over-year increase in the expense associated with that content. So to the extent that we'd talked about close matching of our payment terms with our expense, we are continuing to execute on that. We ran a little bit ahead in Q1. In terms of the sequential increase, the cash out the door for content was roughly in line with the expense increase. So I think you should see the accounts payable and the associated long-term accrued payable line increase with our continued investment in streaming content. I don't think you'll see it increase at quite the same rate, say, going forward as you saw in the last couple of quarters, but it will go up.
David Wells: So mostly headcount. There were some increase related to stock comp expense due to employees taking more equity compensation versus cash competition, but mostly a headcount increase.
David Wells: Fulfillment cost as a percent of revenue is actually declining. Fulfillment, the absolute fulfillment cost is growing because we shipped more in the quarter. We have more subscribers that have more credit card expense associated with them with their revenue. But as a percent of revenue, it's actually been declining over last 6 quarters or so.
David Wells: And I think we're doing both. I think we're trying to draw a fine distinction between being a pure company that invests everything we possibly have into growth and also returning some to shareholders. So I think it's consistent with the strategy that we've had for quite some time of trying to draw both, to do both; be a growth company and also make sure that we're not setting up a false promise to return earnings down the road.
