Reed Hastings: Thanks, Erin. We focused on efficient and effective investor communication for a long time. We worked through our shareholder letter, our long-term view. In terms of the Q&A, we have always admired the fire side chat format at investor conferences as being the most dynamic and interesting. And this is our attempt to bring that value to the broad online public. Now we are on our webcams on our laptops and on YouTube, so I hope the quality is acceptable. And we look forward to any suggestions from you afterwards. With me today from Beverly Hills is Ted Sarandos, our Chief Content Officer.
Reed Hastings: Well, I think we should process that after the interview and let's see if it's productive and useful for investors and see what they think.
Reed Hastings: Yeah, when we do our forecasting in the beginning of the quarter, when we know all of the factors going into that, we try to set the range so that we come in in the middle of the range as we did. So we are really happy with the progress in the business. We are happy that net adds were higher than a year ago in our domestic business, and much higher on the international business. And so we are feeling quite good about the business.
Reed Hastings: Julia, when a subscriber or a new member joins, they don’t say it’s because of Arrested. There’s a whole wide variety of reasons, and Arrested again is unique because we’re starting with already created brand. The general case with Hemlock, with Orange, with House of Cards is for us to be the first season in debut. So think of Arrested as an unusual nice opportunity, but the general case for Netflix’s original programing is more like House of Cards, Hemlock and Orange.
Reed Hastings: Yeah. I think we would probably see a little bump there in our numbers. That would make sense and hopefully by the time we get to Season 3, 4, or 5, if we’re fortunate enough to get there, then we turned it into a Harry Potter-esque global massive phenomenon, when is the next season coming and then we certainly would. Again we’ve only made some progress on that. We’ve got to see – we’ve got to make Season 2 as great as Season 1.
Reed Hastings: Julia, for the fourth quarter, we’re targeting a little over 400 basis points over the fourth quarter a year ago. And that doesn’t apply a reduction and certainly not a dramatic reduction of the margin. So there’s just math there in the question.
Reed Hastings: I see. Well, that’s where a good Q&A session like this is useful. So let us disambiguate that and we’re looking at it quarter over quarter. So our target for the fourth quarter this year is 400 basis points ahead of the fourth quarter last year.
Reed Hastings: Correct. Apparently we accidentally created that misunderstanding with per year, but meaning quarterly year over year.
Reed Hastings: We said publicly, well we continue to say publicly that we are not releasing viewing numbers. Our actual ratings would be apples and oranges comparison to what happens on a network. We view the viewing over a very long period of time. We'll tell you though, that you should look at our renewal of a show to a second season as a very positive sign. Because if we're renewing shows that people aren't watching in big numbers then we're creating a huge opportunity cost in our content spend. In other words, we won't have money to spend on things that people watch. So these shows are performing really well for us. They are hitting our numbers with remarkable precision in terms of what we forecasted enough, so that we had confidence to renew Orange Is the New Black, based on our viewing models even a few days before we launched the show.
Reed Hastings: Well, I think we never know when and how saturation will hit, and what we are trying to be clear on is there is a couple of different forces. One is that our content is getting better, our service is getting better. And the other is that the larger we get, of course the harder it is to grow and also the longer time goes by the better competitors are. So those are the opposing forces. And given those forces, we're extremely excited to have our net adds be at the same level as last year because that implies that there is no near term saturation.
Reed Hastings: We are. We're feeling very good about that. Because what happens is, by the time we get to 40 million and 50 million, we get the content better and the service better. And so it's not 60 million or 90 million for the current service, it's 60 million or 90 million for the future service that's much improved. That maybe a lot more originals and just incredible streaming.
Reed Hastings: You know what we really focus on is the net adds. Because someone has tried Netflix before, they're probably more interested in trying us again as the content gets better, as the streaming gets better, as the play back software and the devices gets better. And so there is lots of people who tried us and then they will try us again to see if we meet their future needs. So we're feeling very comfortable about that.
Reed Hastings: I can tell you that as the CEO of Netflix, I focus myself. I don't even look at the churn numbers. Essentially, I'm looking at net adds all the time, because you get various trade-offs, and really what we care about is total growth. And so it's bringing the world in line with how management looks at it, which is in terms of net additions which we do check every week, every day.
Reed Hastings: Well, let's say, if that household that's watching 90 minutes a day probably isn't cancelling. But that's an average, so I think of it as a bell curve of usage. And the people at the lighter end that are not using Netflix much then they're more prone to cancel it than someone who is watching a lot. So we constantly just try to make the service better which is what we've been doing over the last five years.
Reed Hastings: I would say $7.99 is pretty close to the right price. I don't think we could be certain that at $6.99 or $8.99 it would be a little bit better or a little bit worse. But once you've picked a price, there is a tremendous value in consumer stability. And we're growing very strongly at the current price. And so we feel great about that situation.
Reed Hastings: Well, if you look over the past three years, we've raised the contribution margin in the United States business from sub 10% to over 20%. And so I think there is plenty of evidence that we can grow revenue faster than we're growing content costs.
Reed Hastings: Well, let's see. Let's separate the two factors. One is domestic, where we're hugely profitable in growing very well. And the other is international, where we're growing extremely strongly. Revenue was up 155% over a year ago but it has negative P&L, we're in investment mode. So we've got the strong U.S. business supporting the investment in international. In terms of the likelihood of raising debt or prices, I wouldn’t have anything more to add to that then what we said which is we're very comfortable where we are in the $7.99 price point, and we're growing very strongly. And in terms of debt, it would be pretty unlikely in the next 12 months.
Reed Hastings: Well, I think management is probably not the greatest judge of their own stock price and so we try not to comment specifically on that. We try to provide lots of information to investors and then there is a natural process through that of the price getting set. What we focus on is how to grow the subscriber base, how to expand internationally, how to improve the content. Those are all the things that we're focusing on.
Reed Hastings: Stocks go up and down, our stock has been so volatile. I mean a year ago we were at $80 now we're over $200. Five years ago we were at $30, we went public at $7.50. So the general trend is quite positive but there are a lot of ups and downs. And it's been a very volatile stock because we're growing so aggressively. We're choosing a business strategy which has a split essentially all of our domestic profits into international expansion. And that's the right move, but it definitely takes a strong stomach on the part of investors.
Reed Hastings: Now what I said is the statements we have put in the long term letter, which is we are investing substantially all domestic profits in international expansion. And we think that's very smart. If you look at our international growth, it's tremendous. We think there is a huge opportunity around the internet in the international markets and we're investing for the long term in that. And I think we've been very clear in that for almost three years now.
Reed Hastings: Rich, even when we're global, for example in Asia where we're not currently, we’ll generally sell off the rights there. So even when you talk about global, if not exploiting it globally, it's really multi-regional.
Reed Hastings: Sorry. It's Reed here. Think of it as a broad expansion, which is HBO has a lot of licensed content, for example all the movies. So it's only the originals and only some of their originals that they own. It's natural for us to grow into that over the next couple of years. So it's part of our long-term view.
Reed Hastings: Absolutely. It's something we're looking at and there are so many gradations between what full ownership is in every territory. But think of it as over time we’ll do more and more of that and the content will be more and more exclusive to Netflix. But while we were getting started, it was really smart for us to work with Media Rights Capital and Lionsgate and others to be able to leverage their skills and competencies.
Reed Hastings: We have some advantage in creating it, but I think the biggest advantage we have is in matching with the content and distributing it, essentially monetizing the content. And you can see that with the breadth of our success. So, one view of our four for four and are starting our five for five, if you include Lillehammer is Ted's God's gift to programming. And I think that's probably true. But the second part of it is also that we've got this online performance matching where the content is selectively promoted to each subscriber appropriately and that helps tremendously. And it's not really important for us to tease apart which is more true. We want both excellent, excellent programming and we want to do amazing promotion and we get stronger from that without worrying too much about which side is contributing more or less. You do see that Ted has an Emmy next to him in the frame, and it's got a little story for you in that.
Reed Hastings: Well. The easy one is, a hit is something we want to renew. And, thus, five for five is we want to renew because the economics for us are good.
Reed Hastings: I'll add to that, that it's great for content owners and it's great for creators. That there is renaissance particularly in serialized TV. So on one hand, it's top on us that Amazon and Hulu and others are bidding. But there are so many great stories to be told that it's exciting. And if the prices are going to go up, than we as one of the major scale players have a big advantage. And so, it's good for the creators, it's acceptable for us and we're seeing this total renaissance in television. Unfortunately, I have to tell you we're down about two minutes left. I did set this up as a 30 minute view. If it's very successful and investors like it, we will try to do a longer session next time. But let me hand it back to you for the closing two minutes.
Reed Hastings: Well, we don't really know. We always take them very seriously. They're very successful. But if you look at Showtime in HBO, when Showtime does great work it doesn't take away from HBO. And we think that Hulu and Amazon will do great originals, it will grow the whole internet TV market. And then what controls our destiny is, do we do great programming? Do we have a great user interface? Do we have incredible streaming? And so we really just focus on maximizing that opportunity by making our service the best it can be.
Reed Hastings: Think a bit like tablets. As tablets have come about they’ve been a growing proportion of our viewing and that helps the ecosystem. Better and cheaper connectivity, more competition for broadband, that's all very positive. But these are gradual multi-year effects. Five or 10 years from now consumers will have incredible devices, incredible broadband at low prices and that's very favorable in the long-term. But I don't think it's a short term catalyst.
Reed Hastings: No. We've got over 7 million members who love the service. It's got incredible selection, every movie and TV show ever made. So it's got a great part of the value equation for over 7 million members and that will go on for a very long time.
Reed Hastings: If you look at HBO and Showtime, they also do quite a bit of sports programming and live sports. So they’re basically in the membership happiness business. Now, we don't anticipate getting that far from our core brand, but it's a very flexible relationship, where we can have lots of types of content over the next 5 or 10 years if it makes our subscribers happy. We're fundamentally in the membership happiness business as opposed to in the TV show business. And so we do have a lot of flexibility. But in the next -- in the short term we're focused on learning this craft bit by bit and having our current shows be wildly successful.
Reed Hastings: Not, precisely but we can say we're continuing to expand that. And it's a great wrap-up question. I want to thank all our investors for participating in this. We look forward to your feedback on the format. And we'll try to just keep on improving it to make it efficient and effective for all of you. Thank you very much.
David Wells: Thanks, Reed. I think at this point we will start the questions. I am going to turn it over to our first interviewer, Rich Greenfield from BTIG.
David Wells: If I could just add to the comments. This is David. We’ve said consistently and I say consistently that it will take several shows for folks to be engaged in Arrested Development and other types of our originals. It’s not going to be one show. If you think about whether you join HBO or Showtime because of one or two shows, Game of Thrones is the only example where people have thrown out that it’s a single show. Otherwise it’s multiple shows. It will take us a while for our originals to get there.
David Wells: I don’t think that we put in the letter any implication that our margins would decline. What we’re talking about is our progression, our expansion of margin and the fact that over the last six quarters we’ve actually over delivered on our target of about 100 basis points a quarter. And so content deals are lumpy and it’s hard to predict that and also plan to that gradual expansion. So there are quarters where we’re going to be over. There’ll be quarters we’re under but on average we’ll deliver about 400 basis points a year as long as we’re able to continue to grow at the rates that we’ve seen.
David Wells: Sure. That's related to our global spending on marketing overheads of people. It's really marketing folks. They are working on projects, on branding projects that are for the Netflix brand, a brand across the globe. So they're not working on things that are specific to a particular territory or operating segment. So we felt like we wanted to treat them like we do our other content folks that are making our content deals and we treat them as a global cost and that those costs were moved down from the marketing line which was a cost of revenue down into a G&A line.
David Wells: I'll probably take this one. This is David. So we've been very, very clear and very transparent about the fact that our content investments are going to run ahead of our P&L expense and weigh on our free cash flow. And we were pleased this quarter to actually flip to positive. Likely we'll continue to make investments in originals and other content that will continue to weigh on our free cash flow. But we're very comfortable with where we are today. We think that the viewing that follows from those content investments, our accounting has to follow from that viewing. So to the extent that the industry is set up that more of the money is paid upfront in order to fund production, that's something that we can only affect a little bit. We have to be competitive buyers in the industry. So we have to meet those payment terms and a lot of these deals are more cash upfront loaded.
David Wells: I am not sure about the $2 per share. What we've said is that our free cash flow runs ahead of our P&L expense, about 20%. So the ratio of cash out to P&L expense can run 20% above that P&L. And that's typically holding, even with some of our more cash upfront originals deals. You'll see some of that start to unwind as we get older and a lot of the deals start to mature down the road. But while we're expanding content, you should expect and investors should expect that to continue to weigh on our free cash flow.
David Wells: They’re a little bit different. So generally we take -- we make payment partially upon delivery, and then another section it depends on the deal. And we don't talk about deals specifics, but illustratively it could be 18 months, it could be 3 years. It depends on the license period. So again it really depends on the delivery of that content and when it comes in. And for output style deals, that really depends on the size of the box office card that we're paying. So, again it depends on the content as it comes through, but we've been fairly conservative I'd say in terms of preparing for this. We raised debt earlier in the year. We restructured some debt. We feel pretty good about our cash position. And we put in our long-term letter, depending on the expansion of originals, we may need more capital down the road, but right now we're fine.
David Wells: Yes. And the only thing I'd add to that, Rich, is that we have demonstrated good progression in terms of operating losses, reductions in international. We're 25% down year-over-year and we're very pleased, as Reed said, with the growth in those international markets. So it's more about the progression of our existing markets and the path we're on than it is about an overall line.
David Wells: Relative to how else we would have spent the money. Relative to spending it on license content, did we get an increase in viewership, did we get an increase in some of the intangibles like brand halo publicity, and the bring the brand more in focus with our consumers. So, relative to how else we would have spend the money on other programming, we think it was a big hit. And by the way without giving total, without giving ratings numbers, I would tell you every one of these shows are drawing TV size audiences. So you know that House of Cards is a hit because when you walk in to Starbucks people are talking about it. You know when the show is being spoofed at the White House Correspondents' Dinner and 3,000 people are laughing at the slightest references to the show, you know that people are watching it and you know people are talking about it. So without the precision of a number, you know that these shows are hit too.
David Wells: Yeah, maybe. And I could tell you that in the more exclusive deals that we've been negotiating, the one thing that's nice about that is you get to know what the walk away prices are. And I can tell you in everyone of those cases we've been comfortable at the prices we walked away from and comfortable at that level -- at the pricing that our competitors are paying for that content. So, yeah, there is definitely some competition in the marketplace which does raise the prices, which is good for the producers and eventually good for consumers too.
Ted Sarandos: I would just point out that with every series that we have launched, both the viewing audience and the total hours viewed has grown sequentially with every single -- with every series that we have launched. So remember we launched from kind of ground zero with the first, both in the concept and in the show itself, and then continued to grow it and grow it and grow it. So I agree with Reed that these are going to have very long term implications. And we have been saying from the beginning that they have subtle impact on subscribers over time because you are realizing it with things like brand halo and reductions in churn that happens certainly and over time.
Ted Sarandos: I believe we just pointed it out because it breaks the seasonal pattern in a way that can be attributed more directly to that.
Ted Sarandos: May I even point out that even the most iconic TV brands like the Sopranos and Seinfeld took several years before they became brands.
Ted Sarandos: Sure. Rich, like I mentioned I think that we’ve had this compounding positive effect. They are subtle effects, but they’re compounding, meaning that when we launched Orange is the New Black, surprisingly it drew as big a first seven day viewing as any of the other original series and actually had been growing every time, which we have to leave you to believe that people are taking more confidence of the idea of Netflix Originals which is creating some excitement for upcoming seasons as well and upcoming new series as well. So the brand is starting to mean something to viewers already, even though we only started doing this in February. That's what we're enthusiastic about.
Ted Sarandos: And Rich I'd say too that we've been able to get very favorable cash terms from our suppliers or most of our deals. And I'd say that the more high profile the programming is the more likely it is original and exclusive, the cash outlay has accelerated versus some of the very deep catalog that pays out very smoothly over several quarters.
Ted Sarandos: If I could also add too, the success we're seeing with our original programming we're seeing in throughout our international markets as well. That proportionally to our sub base, our subs overseas are excited about these shows roughly the same level as they are in the U.S.
Ted Sarandos: Look I am very comfortable with DreamWorks performance at the Box Office even this weekend. Yes, Turbo opened a little soft but it came out with CinemaScore ratings of A, with very good word of mouth. Likely to hold up -- likely to continue to expand the box office. Cruise was a nice a little hit actually at the end of day for DreamWorks. And there is a rate card that regulates the fee for those shows relative to their box office performance. So we're thrilled with DreamWorks and the performance of their films and the quality of their films. And they translate to very high viewing on Netflix, even in movies that don't perform as well at the box office.
Ted Sarandos: Julie, if it does, it’s reflected in the rate card. So the rate card adjusts up and down with the performance of the films. And as far as the series deal is concerned, these are very iconic characters that tend to last a long time, way beyond opening weekend performance. Our series will launch post the DVD release of these films so they get a whole second wave of marketing out of them too.
Ted Sarandos: Well, increasingly all of our original deals we're doing globally. We have been doing all of our independent, non-studio deals globally. And we're doing a much more multi-territory licensing as well. So, sometimes global plays out to our favor, and sometimes you don't really achieve the scale of it. So right now we're trying to weigh through that and see where we can pick up global efficiencies.
Ted Sarandos: Julie most original programming originates in this way, which is you want to hedge your bets a little bit on building the confidence and building up before you build out the infrastructure. So you step in and do more licensing deals, which is how Showtime does most of their deals, which is how HBO did in their earliest days, how AMC did in their earliest expansions. So this is not unusual at all. And the more confidence we build, the more likely we are to take a full ownership stake and to take -- and to build out more infrastructure around it.
Ted Sarandos: Yeah. The Emmy we brought along today. I think it's a great example of Netflix to strive to be excellent as both a technology company and an entertainment company. And fitting to that, this Emmy was actually awarded to Netflix on the technology side last year for the advancement of television. And so actually the first Emmy came from the tech side of Netflix.
Ted Sarandos: With so many people producing original programming, it creates a lot of competition in the market for license programming in their season after model. And in terms of competing for original programming, I am much more comfortable, to Rich's earlier question, around some of our structural advantage about not having to have a bunch, a lot of performance pressure on a show on its first week, which actually drives the ability for consumers to find the show overtime before we have to pull the plug on it, the way many other broadcasters force do in your television.
Ted Sarandos: Rich, in the letter we mentioned that we're going to expand in the coming months into original standup comedy specials and documentaries that will premiere on Netflix to be exclusive to Netflix. There is no reason we wouldn't do some of those other -- those things that you've listed, including movies. If we can bring too it something like we did with original series, change the distribution model in the favor of the consumers with things like launching the whole season at one time and things that give us advantages over other forms of distribution.
Julia Boorstin – CNBC: But adding up the math, the fourth quarter does show -- is going to show a decline in margins. I guess my question is, how much of that is due to an increase in additional content spending compared to an anticipation that you’re going to have to accelerate the amortization of the originals in the fourth quarter.
Julia Boorstin – CNBC: So that 400 is not for the full year, just to clarify because there’s a lot of confusion among the analysts questions and investor questions.
Julia Boorstin – CNBC: Moving on to -- quickly before we move on to original programming spending, can you tell us how many subscribers quit Netflix after you chose not to renew Dora the Explorer and the other Viacom content? David Wells
