Ellie Mertz: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to the Netflix Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Q&A Session. I'm joined here by Reed Hastings, CEO; and David Wells, CFO. We announced our financial results for the second quarter at approximately 1 p.m. Pacific Time today. The shareholder letter and the Q2 financial results and the webcast of this Q&A session are all available at the company's Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.com. As is our standard practice, we will begin the call with questions received via email. Please email your questions to ir@netflix.com. After email Q&A, we will also open up the phone lines in case there are additional questions not covered by the email Q&A or letter. The dial-in number is within our investor letter but let me repeat it now. Please call (760) 666-3613 if you'd like to get in the queue. We may make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to the risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on February 10, 2012. A rebroadcast of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6 p.m. Pacific today. Now let's move directly to questions.
Ellie Mertz: Do you have enough data to discuss whether or not the usage trends in the international markets differ compared to the U.S. via TV shows versus movies, amount of time spent watching, et cetera.
Ellie Mertz: We've heard and read increasing complaints about extended wait times for Netflix DVDs. We are curious how DVD inventory per subscriber compares to your historic metrics and whether you are using DVD inventory as a margin lever.
Ellie Mertz: At this time, I'd like to turn it back over to the operator and we'll begin taking call-in questions.
Reed Hastings: Well absolutely, viewing and retention are connected. The more a subscriber uses Netflix, the more that they stay a subscriber as you would expect, and there's significant variation between those who watch an hour a month, 10 hours a month and 50 hours a month. And so, we're always trying to improve the experience, more content, better viewing, better streaming to increase the amount of viewing because then, subscribers prioritize the $7.99 for Netflix above other expenses.
Reed Hastings: Well, we've been charging $8 a month for streaming for several years and we've continued to grow the subscriber growth and to grow the content. And we're basically continuing to execute on that game plan, and that's helped us grow very considerably. So I don't see what the issue is per se with an $8 service if you get a lot of members, and that's what we're focused on: to be able to continue to build out the content.
Reed Hastings: Well, it's hard for us to gauge the Beijing 2008 Olympics because we had a 3-day DVD outage right at the same time. I would say that we did feel some impact and there's uncertainty around whether that impact is permanent, meaning it's just a permanent reduction in acquisitions or if it's just a deferral through the games. So I would say that through the first 3 weeks of 2012, we would have expected to be above 2010 levels, and what we're seeing is that we're nearly at 2010 levels, so it gave us some more uncertainty in terms of what Q3 would look like in terms of being at a 2010 level of 1.8 million net addition.
Reed Hastings: We'll see, take -- to that second part first, on tablets. They're mostly used at this point as a laptop substitute, and so we don't see it as net incremental availability because everyone who's got a tablet, also has a laptop and could've been using us on a laptop. And then Blu-rays, the question asked about DVD slowdown, that's true. But Blu-rays haven't yet slowed down. Presumably, they will eventually and most Blu-ray players can play Netflix and then the big category growth is in Smart TVs.
Reed Hastings: Well one, we're not trying to rein in content costs. We're continuing to invest more and more each year in content. Two, there's no shift. We're always focused on what does a piece of content cost versus how much we think it's going to get viewed. And so, where you see us get small or interesting films or TV shows, it's because we think the economics work in the amount we pay versus how much we think it's going to get viewed. And that's been consistent for several years.
Reed Hastings: Well, we're fundamentally focused on making it a great consumer experience and we do think it's an improved experience that only an on-demand service like Netflix can offer to have all the episodes at once. And so, we're going down that path. And I don't think there's a negative churn implication to it. I think there's a positive implication because it's a better and unique experience. And the more we develop compelling experiences, the bigger our market opportunity is.
Reed Hastings: And as an example of that, Lilyhammer season 2 which I know all of you are hanging on, is going to be available next year.
Reed Hastings: I think what we've seen is growth in viewing that's just huge over the last 5 years and we expect that growth in streaming to continue, including the originals. And we've been very happy relative to the investment on Lilyhammer, and so we're feeling quite good about the rise of Arrested Development season 4, House of Cards and our other originals.
Reed Hastings: We're in the business of providing great entertainment to our members at a very low price and part of that is the programming strategy which is to acquire content, that relative to the dollars we pay for, gets viewed a lot. And we're agnostic as to whether that's features, TV, kids TV, different kinds of episodic. And so where you see dollars shifting around, it's because that's where there's value to offer our subscribers. So yes, we would be totally open to getting good value, either on the features side, or on the many different types of television side, including originals.
Reed Hastings: Well, I think it's just great content and we have it for the next year guaranteed and then we'll go from there. Certainly, it's working very well for both Epix and us at this point.
Reed Hastings: We wouldn't expect to be affected significantly. Epix is not a particularly large source of total viewing. Much more of our viewing is on our exclusives as was referenced, Mad Men, Breaking Bad and such shows.
Reed Hastings: I'm not sure what we would do. My point is that we're just another network, and that when you have multiple networks, they often find ways of working together. So it's a general point that it's not a zero-sum game between HBO and Netflix. And that, in fact, there may be ways of working together. But there's nothing particularly pressing.
Reed Hastings: Well, we've been competing with 2 of those. Google doesn't really have a subscription premium TV service at this point. And so, with Google, we advertise a lot on YouTube and we're one of the biggest advertisers there, which is very successful for us and for Google. In terms of Amazon and Hulu Plus, if you look at the Sandvine data on streaming usage in the U.S., we've got a huge lead and that lead is only growing.
Reed Hastings: Do it and get the profit to breakeven and it's not just to breakeven and to substantial profitability.
Reed Hastings: When we have finished our international expansion, we would certainly do that. But until then, our model, as we've explained, is to get back to profitability and then open a new market, get back to profitability, open a new market. And that's based on the view that there's an extraordinary once-in-a-lifetime or once-in-a-generation opportunity to build a franchise in many markets as we've been building. And we think that our U.K., Ireland and LatAm expansions to date will, over time, prove to be very valuable and we'll all be very happy that we've done it.
Reed Hastings: Yes, that's completely consistent with what we've been saying. As long as there are good markets to enter around the world, that we would take the U.S. profits or the global profits and put them into faster international expansion.
Reed Hastings: If international was a user of cash outside the P&L, that could be true, but it's not. It's substantially neutral between cash and P&L on international. The only big cash uses relative to P&L are the originals and some of the movie output deals. Anything else, David on...
Reed Hastings: There are many interesting similarities and differences. For competitive reasons, I'm not going to go into them.
Reed Hastings: In our marketing, we're really focused on try Netflix for free and then a consumer gets to experience the content. And so, it's a little different with investors. They already know of the content, they're generally users and what the content in the latter helps do is flesh out the picture of the new things that they might not otherwise be aware of. So they're sort of 2 different audiences.
Reed Hastings: Our Netflix DVD business is very important, both amongst its 9-plus million members and for the profit it generates. We don't see any change in that. The Redbox Verizon streaming subscription service will have a long way to go just to break through the top 3. So we'll see what happens as they launch.
Reed Hastings: To clarify the premise of the question, there's no limit on devices. There is a limit for a standard Netflix streaming, $8 streaming account on 2 concurrent streams. So of a couple, you can each watch one different show at the same time or kids can watch one and adults can watch another. And that's been consistent for several years, so it's been quite a while.
Reed Hastings: No. We're really focused on prior seasons and helping the current content developers build audiences. This is what we've done with Breaking Bad and Mad Men and other shows that are quite serialized. And that's a good way for us to build out the total ecosystem. The only shows that we would have fully current, we would have current and exclusive, will be our original series, House of Cards, Arrested Development season 4 and similar.
Reed Hastings: The cost savings will show up in the P&L more than on the balance sheet, and timing is of over -- it will just continue to grow. The 10% will continue to rise every quarter, and then it partially depends on the economics. I'm not sure about 2 years from now, what the ratio will be. But we'll just continue to invest in Open Connect. It's a more efficient, more tailored single-purpose CDN for our needs.
Reed Hastings: Yes, it's true that modeling earnings, global earnings for Netflix for the next couple of years is a relatively easy task because as the U.S. and our profitable international expansion become positive, we'll tend to turn that money around and invest in additional markets. Back to your first question, think of it as it's whoever pays the most money. So if a content owner wants to make money, the most money possible, they'll offer those digital rights both to us and to the existing distributors and sometimes exclusive, one or the other or sometimes noninclusive to both. And then it's just a matter of who bids the most for the different content sources. And so, they've been active bidders, all the networks have, and as well as Amazon, Hulu Plus and others. So that's why I say there's no particular effect to say the recent battles between programmers and distributors because for several years, programmers have wanted to get as much money as they can, which they should. So there's no particular climate change in the last 3 months.
Reed Hastings: Yes, it's a concern but ultimately, the programmer, if we offer $10 million and the programmer will then use that as leverage against the other distributors and say, "Hey, we want at least $10 million more." And so, again if you look at it from the producer's standpoint, having more bidders than the other distributors is good for the content owner because then there's more bidders at the table. And we've said from the beginning that we think TV Everywhere and improving MVPD is our long-term competition and that thesis remains intact.
Reed Hastings: Sure. On the smaller form factors, if they're Wi-Fi connected, they're used in the home in pretty similar situations to how a laptop might be used. And as they come in, it makes a better viewing experience, the battery life is better, they're easier to hold so that would be a mild positive. There's certainly nothing negative about it. It's just not a revolutionary new way to watch. Whereas for example, a mobile phone when you can watch out of the home subject to the data caps, that's more impactful. And then on personal streams, think of it as, let's see, today, what we offer is a 2 simultaneous-stream program and some large families, that doesn't work for. They'll have 3 or 4 simultaneous streams going today, and what that family has to do today is get 2 Netflix accounts. And then they have to partition their devices, some set of TVs only work on one account and some set of TVs work on the other account. And ultimately, we want to help those families save money by being able to offer a family account, which has more than 2 simultaneous streams. So I wouldn't model it as a revenue opportunity. If anything, it would be a discount for those families in a lower price for more consumption. But in whether it's a slight reduction or slight increase, it's very much on the margin.
Reed Hastings: Yes. In terms of retention, it'll sound strange but we really don't focus on it that much. We want to make it really easy for people to come in and out of the service, to give consumers a sense of control. At a high income level, consumers don't care about that, they just leave it on. But at a lower income level, they really value that ability. And so what we focus on instead is total net additions in any period or any geography. So that as there's more and more positive word of mouth about Netflix, we get more and more net additions. In terms of LatAm competition, there's a couple of streaming companies, one in Brazil, 1 or 2 in Mexico. Some of them do pay-per-view, some of them do subscription. Telefónica has an offering also. So there's a wide variety of competition. But none of it with the global scale and the ability to invest in the R&D to be able to have really incredible streaming and choosing experiences. So we think we have a really big advantage over any single nation firm that tries to compete.
Reed Hastings: And then just adding on to my prior answer on LatAm competition, piracy is one of the biggest competitors and I didn't mention that. In each country, there are pretty developed piracy networks and that's a significant source of competition.
Reed Hastings: We haven't given that a ton of thought. As you pointed out, in 14 years, we've never acquired anyone. I don't know that we would never do it, but it would be a pretty high bar for us to want to do that versus do what we do best and continue to grow organically.
Reed Hastings: You can see, Barton, that people are viewing the Olympics impartially instead of viewing Netflix, which you -- it's harder to tell is do you make that up in the balance of the time period and sort of delay. But there's definitely, during those 10 or 14 days, people are shifting some consumption there. And we saw that on a lesser level with Euro Cup. And when -- an interesting anecdote is when the U.K. was in the Euro Cup, our viewing was at a certain level, and then they got knocked out of the Euro Cup and Netflix viewing expanded sharply like the next day. So that's to kind of give you an eye of the sort of substitutability of, I'm looking for entertainment, and if my nation's team is competing well, then there's less viewing.
Reed Hastings: We haven't characterized that again, for competitive reasons, Andy. But when we announce the market, I think you'll be able to ballpark it reasonably.
Reed Hastings: It's working very well for us in the U.K. We're continuing to learn and expand that approach around the world outside of the U.S. And then as you pointed out on the legislation, it hasn't come out of the Senate at this point. So we're trying to figure out what's the best option there.
Reed Hastings: Doug, on the Amazon question, I assume that will eventually break it out of prime, but our view is that they would do that earlier this year hasn't yet proven to be true. So I don't have any further update on that. And then any cost savings from going nonexclusive on Epix, we would tend to turn around and invest in other content to continue to have more content. And consistent with the 100 basis-point growth in contribution margin.
Reed Hastings: Nat, yes, you're right. You would expect it to rise as there are more bidders and anecdotally, that can happen in some places and not in others. It really depends on the type of content.
Reed Hastings: We see a big opportunity in Europe to provide an on-demand service, the likes of which really have not been seen. It's very different than just another linear ad-supported network. And while Australia is indeed a great opportunity, it's relatively isolated. And so for now, we're focused on Europe because we've been extremely pleased with the U.K. launch and with the 1 million subs in the first 6.5 months. So we really are feeling quite good about our competitiveness in Europe.
Reed Hastings: Heath, it's Reed and I would say social, around the world both on our efforts in the U.K. and Ireland and in terms of our usage of social media in the U.S. have continued to expand like they have for all of our peer firms. So I don't think there's anything inconsistent or surprising in that, which is the society is evolving to becoming more socially -- the Internet is becoming more social and we're moving right along with that. In terms of the particular Netflix product integration that's been very successful in the U.K., we've been very pleased with those results. And now we're trying to -- well, we're continuing to try to figure out how to make it legal for U.S. consumers to get access to that.
Reed Hastings: Richard, we don't have any near-term plans like Spotify to develop a app ecosystem. We think with video and its consumption patterns, we're better off on making our experience better and better, and that's what we're focused on.
Reed Hastings: We haven't guided to that. What I said is consistent with what we've said for the last about half dozen calls, which is our basic model is to become profitable again on a quarterly basis as we have last quarter, and expect to this quarter, Q3 and then to add an additional international market, which generally drives us negative slightly and then through growth in the profit streams, gets us back to positive. And that's what meters our rate of international investment, is to stay approximately breakeven or sort of in and out of profitability.
Reed Hastings: Our basic view is that as the Internet becomes very global, and as an example of this, if you look at YouTube viewing around the world, that there's no reason why an on-demand service for movies and TV shows like Netflix shouldn't be highly successful. In general, China would be difficult for us as you would all appreciate. And then any nation that has extreme online piracy would be difficult. But outside of those 2 conditions, most of the world will have services like Netflix and we would like to be that service.
Reed Hastings: Great one. I thank you all for your support. We're extremely pleased with our U.S. streaming profitability growth. Our contribution margin is expanding very nicely and shows us and everyone what can happen in scale. And now, we're focused on getting our other markets to the same scale and profitability levels as we continue to invest. So thank you very much.
David Wells: Well, I think there's a number of puts and calls. There's Netflix's reputation. As that continues to build back, there's improvements that we make between now and Q4. Then there's all the Smart TV sales that are -- all the manufacturers are very focused on Q4. So those would be all the positives. Negatives would be if there's a substantial new competition between now and then, other factors like that. Economic issues don't tend to affect us much because we're so -- such a good value so I don't think we have much risks on up and downs in the economy.
David Wells: We hit the -- basically, right about the midpoint of the range. So yes, both churn and gross additions were as expected. We saw a seasonal -- a small seasonal decline in retention, which we have seen before from Q1 to Q2. So we're right where we thought we were going to be.
David Wells: I would also add to that, that our expectation is, if we're successful with our originals, that we'll have multiple launches. So the availability of one season of one particular title might be followed up by another title that becomes available.
David Wells: Well, we've seen increasing engagement in those markets outside of the U.S., and we've seen our ability to improve our losses from Q1 to Q2. Now, we've made the decision to raise our content spend in the U.K. like we did in Canada because we are encouraged by the results, the early results we've seen. So I think it's the ability for us to demonstrate the growth in those markets quickly and in the engagement in those markets that gives us the confidence that we can.
David Wells: And I'd say just to round that out, the 3 conditions for additional expansion that we've said before were: one, that we would get back to global profitability to a breakeven level; two, that we are pleased with the progress that we're making in our existing markets; and three, that there would be an additional market identified that we think represents a good opportunity to expand.
David Wells: No, I'd say that -- I mean, there's a small -- a minor thing in Q2 where we had content added in the U.K. to the site that came in mid-quarter that was a small use of cash. But other than the mid-quarter, that's correct. We're -- our cash -- our content expense is matching our content cash, other than those exceptions you mentioned.
David Wells: So narrowly, yes, we could have but that would've been inefficient spend. Typically, marketing goes down from Q1 to Q2 because it's a less attractive quarter to acquire new subscribers.
David Wells: So we measure something called first choice here and have a long time, and I would say that metric was flat through the second quarter. There are certain titles that you get caught in between content negotiation deals. And I would say HBO, for the HBO titles, were one of the only places you can actually get HBO through physical delivery. So we may be seeing some concentration of demand on those titles. In general, it's not a large profit lever for us because most of our shipments are catalog and I would say that the profit characteristics of that from Q1 to Q2 were more driven by reduced usage that's seasonal, seasonally low in Q2.
David Wells: So what we said in the letter, it would be flat going through this year. I would say with the postal increases that we expect going forward, there'd be a slight decline.
David Wells: The migration patterns stayed consistent through Q2. We've got a bunch of people that joined the streaming service, some leave and come back as rejoins and a smaller percentage joined DVD only.
David Wells: Because we swung to a profit. GAAP accounting would have you bake in the fully dilutive effects of the convert we did in November and that's not the case when you're at a loss -- in a loss position.
David Wells: I think I know what you're asking, which is what is the minimum streaming obligations that are reported in our commitments table. Last quarter, in Q1, it was $3.7 billion of long-term liabilities and obligations not reflected on the balance sheet. That's $3.8 billion, so roughly flat. If you include the $1.2 billion in short-term liabilities, the total is $5 billion, corresponding to a $4.8 billion total in Q1. So again, up slightly.
David Wells: I mean, in terms of the cash flow, basically, the increased commitments would indicate that we were adding content through the quarter, but that content was coming on the balance sheet and off the amount that wasn't recognized or net recognition criteria before. So I don't think you can conclude from the cash flow that we got better deals.
David Wells: And I would say, Nat, you were referencing earlier, anxiety or worries around the U.K. competitiveness balanced with the pros of it being a more developed market, more device penetration, more online viewing. And so, that was the sort of debate we were having about developed versus developing markets and the relative pros and cons in going into each. And Europe obviously has more developed markets that have much more attuned factors for people to watch online viewing.
David Wells: And I've said earlier that the 3 conditions upon which we'd launch another market would be that global breakeven, that we were pleased with the progress that we're making in our existing international markets, and that we'd identified a third market or an additional market. The third condition being we'd identified an additional market.
