Erin Kasenchak: Thank you and good afternoon. Welcome to the Netflix second quarter 2010, earnings Q&A session. We released earnings for the second quarter at approximately 1.05 PM Pacific Time today. Earnings press release, management's commentary on the quarter's results and the webcast of this Q&A session are available at the company's Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.com.  Like last quarter, this call consists solely of Q&A and we are going to conduct the Q&A via email. Please email your questions to ir@netflix.com. We may make forward looking statements during this call regarding the company's future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business.  A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the commission on February 22nd, 2010. A rebroadcast of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6.00 PM Pacific Time today. Before moving into Q&A, I would like to turn the call over to Reed for a few opening remarks.
Erin Kasenchak: Steven, it's a little of both, we have been investing more in streaming content, quarter-after-quarter, year-after-year, as we get revenue growth and confirmation that the streaming content investment is a smart one. And Relativity does indicate a material step up in that, most of that doesn't come in until Relativity delivers the films so that would be next year and beyond. So it's a material step up this year for Relativity. But we are out looking for more content and unique to Relativity is that it’s completely exclusive for internet subscription to Netflix, so it's the first essentially a shift in our strategy which is to also be licensing exclusive content in addition to non-exclusive content. We don't see a big radical shift. It's a thing we are doing some of the content on movies and TV shows exclusively now which as you know is open to new parts of content of availability because much of the content in the pay-TV window is sold exclusively.
Erin Kasenchak: While Netflix may have the skill to aggressively acquire streaming content, availability of content appears limited due to the exclusivity agreement between premium TV networks and most major studios. Are there other buckets of content similar to Relativity Media that are not tied up in exclusive agreements or is Netflix made to pursue another stars like distribution deal the likes of Epics or Showtime in order to dramatically expand the content library. 
Erin Kasenchak: Great, our next question is from Doug Anmuth at Barclays. They are changing until now from three months ago in terms of shifting sense from marketing content spending. Seems like you're more definitive about the second half contents spend increase after Q1 than now.
Erin Kasenchak: Next question from Tony Wible of Janney Montgomery Scott. Will Netflix have exclusive access to all of their Relativity films or only the single production films, would the joint production films still go to HBO and Starz.
Erin Kasenchak: Next question is from Wayne Chang at Canaccord. Could you speak both qualitatively and quantitatively on the success you are seeing with regards to activations on web-enabled televisions from manufacturers you mentioned i.e., Samsung, Sony VIZIO et cetera.
Erin Kasenchak: Next question from Heath Terry of FBR. Can you breakdown the components of the increase in SAC, rising ad cost, mix of higher bounty deals or lower response rates, to non-bounty deals TV, radio.
Erin Kasenchak: Great. So before we conclude the call, I'd like to just turn it back over to Reed for a few closing remarks.
Reed Hastings: Well Dave, every new platform whether that's the Wii, the iPad, all of the platforms, do both. They help us with existing subscribers getting more value from the Netflix service and they help us attract new subscribers and the iPad was big success for us as the Wii was and as really all of our platforms have been. 
Reed Hastings: Youssef, we don't break out platforms specifics. But I would say that we were very happy with Xbox when it came out and we've been very happy with the PS3 and now we're very happy with Wii. They all have large install bases and that's a meaningful way for our subscribers to get value from our service, and watch great movies and TV shows.
Reed Hastings: Assuming that you meant CDN, in which case there is no real issue of the internet, our providers such as Akamai and Limelight and others that's out in Canada.
Reed Hastings: If by delivery one means the cost of streaming, that's a fairly small part of the total picture. So, I would say in Canada, the challenges are licensing the right content, the right cost, and then taking advantage of the right marketing channels at the right cost. Those are the two primary drivers, the content and the marketing.
Reed Hastings: Our relative size is into direct impact, Dan. It's more the absolute size of our checks. So, if the biggest check we can write for a piece of content is $10,000, you know it's a long shot to get it. If the biggest is $20 million for some piece of content, we're pretty likely to be out there with anybody else. So, it's as you would expect in that way. So there is an indirect influence around our revenue or our content spending budget, larger that it is, the more effective we can be.  And then you ask about the top 500, I'm not sure how to answer that exactly. But I would say that the power of Netflix is to take a lot of content, it may not be the hottest content and make it feel like it's an incredible service to subscribers. That's where we add value as a service and that when one is nearly carrying the hottest content on the planet, there is not as much of a profit opportunity in that, because you got to pay the content owner. Well the content owner has earned most of the value generated as you extract that. So our key is not around top 500, our key is direct. And what percent of our subscribers are streaming, can we keep them actively streaming because if they are actively streaming and taking DVDs, then they will be paying better and you can see that in the year-over-year improvements in retention that we have generated. 
Reed Hastings: You know when we ask them, it's a little bit of choppy exactly because you ask about movies, where did you get movies from? This is going to be different answer than where you get TV shows from. But when you ask where we get movies from, consumers say that kiosk, the $1 rental. That's the big one and is still rising. Almost everything else is in the noise.
Reed Hastings: There is kind a huge difference. In general, that's a reflection of our growth rates. So our growth rates astoundingly have been moving up all year long and we expect them to continue to grow and a higher growth rate will be associated with a higher rate or free trials at any point in time. That's pretty much, it. Seasonality contributes end results slightly to the number of revenue months generated in a quarter which bears on the likes of free and paid. And Q2 tends to be slightly backend loaded. Q3 is pretty much flat along through the quarter. Q4 is backend loaded. But we described the predominant influence, which is sub-growth.
Reed Hastings: I would say not so much. The only thing that's changed in the business and it's quite a significant change is the accelerated growth and we attribute that to streaming, and streaming implies for 1-out unlimited price point. So I said on Q3 call a year ago that if prices decline rapidly towards that 1-out unlimited plan, we'll be very excited. That's great news for the business because it means that streaming is resonating with consumers and likely we will see accelerating growth. And in fact we are seeing accelerated growth. So if you're doing year-over-year comp, it helps to remember that we initiated in part of Blu-ray price increase in Q2 a year ago for two months of the quarter and then three months of the quarter in Q3, and so that dampens the fact of the shift towards 1-out plan. But tax in that effect we're tracking year-over-year say Q3, Q4, I think will be on par, one to another.
Reed Hastings: I want to remind everyone that I think the pure indicator of the growth potential of the business is subscriber growth. We've had lots of discussion about ASP overtime and it's declined, and because of that discussion we added a metric which was gross profit per paying sub. So on a year-over-year basis, we actually saw an increase of about $0.30 in that metric. So even though ASP is going down and revenues are growing slower than subscribers are growing in terms of gross profit dollar, we are adding more prudent sub in Q2 of this year than we did a year ago.
Reed Hastings: We have lots of confidence about next week's outcome, declining less ability to be accurate next month and as we point out declining less ability the following quarter. It's really a continuum. The trend lines that are propelling Netflix' acceleration have been a very steady, strong acceleration since the beginning of the year at least and that's what gives us confidence that it's not one short term aspect. And while we're not able to, we are choosing not to predict continued acceleration of growth in Q4, that is our model, our expectation and guidance is that growth will remain at a very strong 48%, 49% subscriber growth in Q4. Its because of the continuity and steadiness of our acceleration to date as opposed to say we are banking on CPM rates or some specific aspect of Q4.
Reed Hastings: Scott we've been very happy that the Xbox which is our longest standing device relationship, we continue to see substantial growth in the number of Xbox users and Xbox activations for Netflix and that's partially because they're continuing to sell more, new devices in to the market at a considerable rate. And it's partially because we are marketing our service to people who include current Xbox owners. So, both install bases, Netflix and Xbox are growing. And from that we're seeing continued growth. So, we look at it and we think that we will continue to generate substantial growth from all three of the gate platforms, because all three are growing. 
Reed Hastings: Again want to separate that out between TV shows and movies. So in movies there are a small number of makers and as you've said and mentioned a number of exclusive deals and so we are definitely interested in licensing from HBO, from Epics, from Showtime. In addition, there are pockets of content like Relativity, therefore on the movie sides.  On the TV network side, there is a vast array of content and providers and exclusives are of the type that movies are much less common and there is a lot of incremental ability for us to generate new profits for those networks. Because we focus on the prior season, we try to be particularly careful about not conflicting with cable networks which focus on the newest episode. And we focus on the prior season in generating incremental view better than anyone from that prior season viewing and you will see us continue to expand on that in the coming years.
Reed Hastings: And Doug I would say that after the same which is about a consistent strategy which is content gets first-ins on the budget and marketing spends, what's left over and content thrives only by efficiently. What they don't want to do is spend inefficiently and so that combination works well for us in Q2 and works well for us for the rest of the year.
Reed Hastings: Well Mark DVD shipments are growing. We don't expect them to flatten this year. Yes, as we said, that growth was less than we thought. So, that would imply the peak would be here earlier than we had thought.  We’ll know more each quarter on do those trends continue and yes there is great news in this which is if churn stays low and DVD shipments grow slower than revenue, then that frees up a lot of money for marketing, for content, both growth oriented investments or for earnings. So, good outcomes in all cases as essentially streaming and substituting for DVD as it seems to be happening for us.
Reed Hastings: We are very happy with the mix of marketing that we are doing. And if we spend more you would see us be doing more online and more TV, but no radical changes. It's simply getting more impressions of the great advertising that we've got.
Reed Hastings: George, we don't break it out, the mix of content, because TV shows are a smaller unit. You get unit viewables, hours of viewing, hours of viewables, all different kinds of measures. But what I can tell you is they are both very big for us and both very substantial and we continue to expand both on the movie side and on the TV show side.
Reed Hastings: It's a potential significant competitor and it is a direct competitor, movies and TV shows streaming; so subscription, and we take it seriously as a direct competitor.
Reed Hastings: Well, we've often addressed this topic which is sort of what's our relationship to pay-per-view and sometimes called download-to-own, which are two variants, a $4 variant and a $20 variant. And that is that there are many companies in that business; Amazon, Apple, Sony, Microsoft, CinemaNow and others. It's well addressed. We don't know how to add any particular value to that space. And we are really focused on subscription and we've got such a big opportunity in subscription that this year our growth is accelerating dramatically, and so we don't see any need or desire to expand our available market. We're just very focused on subscription. 
Reed Hastings: Tony, Relativity does as you know a broad range of production and then we did at a deal for some of the content but we are not the sole distribution partner or sole PayTV partner for Relativity produced films.
Reed Hastings: On the PS3, we'll have more to say about that when we roll it out and that will be before or expected to be before the next call. In terms of re-user interface like all of our user interfaces, we're working on improvements but we have nothing to announce today.
Reed Hastings: Wayne, we focus on three broad categories, the videogame consoles that have large installed bases and upgradeability over the internet, so like gives them a big advantage. Second category is Blu-ray. And that advantage is they are all internet connected because it was part of the Blu-ray security spec and they are relatively low in price. So they are easy to upgrade if you got a big TV already in place.  The third category is the one you asked about, Internet TV which is just emerging now. We've been very happy with some of the early progress from Sony and VIZIO and others, but that category in the very long term is likely to be the leading category. But at this point, it's still nascent. And that works for us fine. We're doing significant investments in all three of those broad areas.
Reed Hastings: No, we haven't seen any evidence of that and there's no evidence in the total numbers of those firms in the last quarter's financials and total subscribers. Total multi-channel video subscribers is continuing to grow in the US, premium subscribers is not showing any decline, so I don't think there is any material core cutting. And I think what's happening is you know the multi-channel video is such a broad package with an incredible array of products that were a tiny little fraction of that and our subscribers view it as a supplemental service and because it's a modest cost, at nine bucks a month. It works for them and their budget.
Reed Hastings: Well who knows that we change our thinking at all? You it is early stage, too small to matter. But generally, we ask ourselves every quarter, should we cut price, should we raise price, should we add more content, shrink the content? We think through every quarter, in what way should we be evolving the business model? So, nothing particularly at this point but it is always the ongoing question we ask ourselves. 
Reed Hastings: Mike to repeat what Barry said, we do look at operating margins with important discipline, but not gross margin, so if we found the right content deals, we would easily take half of the marketing budget and slip it into contents. If we thought that that's going to help us grow even more than that marketing budget but you know you could see big swings that way, if we think it's in our interest of terms of growth and consistent with our operating margin goals.
Reed Hastings: Brian there is no limit in our ability to innovate on the Wii. Once the new PS3 launches, that will convert from a disk based user interface to a downloadable user interface, which makes the cost of upgrading very small for PS3. At this point the Wii's forecast will still remain a disk based model. And that is some practical constraints to the timing and frequency of upgrades. So, that's the only material difference going forward. 
Reed Hastings: The two factors are how much budget we have for streaming content. And then can we get it. You referred to fair market value, but really can we just get an agreement of a price that works for us both. And if it's so, then we do that deal.
Reed Hastings: Ed we're going to take a look and see how we do in Canada with a New York streaming model. See if we've got the right amount of content, the right marketing approach. And we'll take a look at those results, and then try to figure out what that means for our opportunity in other countries. So until we get a couple months after the launch we're going to be sitting still. 
Reed Hastings: And to the last part, almost everyone takes both DVDs and streaming and partially that's because the DVDs have all the new releases, so there is a pretty sector of content there that's DVD only. But in terms of viewing patterns, newer subs as a class are more streaming centric partially is because when they came and that's why some established their habits, we upgrade streaming, whereas if you joined us five years ago, you'll use to it as a DVD business so of a thousand people that are with us to join five years, you get a viewer that are extremely centric as you do in the new subs, pretty much as you would expect. The migration is happening in all classes and its increasing amongst all classes.
Reed Hastings: Jim you've probably put that question in before I answered it a few minutes ago, so I'll go to the next one.
Reed Hastings: Andy what has that potential, if we weren't focused on prior season instead of current season? On current season you do get potential competition with essentially the DDR model, the advertising model, all of those things but on prior season, we are able to create value that wasn't there before and generate incremental profits for the content owner and so there is not a conflict there.
Reed Hastings: And so Heath if we ever drop the marketing budget on a year-over-year basis and have SAC to increase then you can worry about that case, kind of what's happening. It's harder to get subs. But when you increase marketing dramatically on a year-over-year basis as Barry said, knowing how much you increase it, that's what's driving the SAC up on the margin.
Reed Hastings: And Barry if our sub-growth keeps on accelerating, you know it's already 49%; that could also have an effect on the new public churn.
Reed Hastings: Barry and I are looking at each other like did he say that? I don't think we said that anyway. Yes and going forward what we are looking at is if we can spend it on content efficiently, we'll spent it on content, and that would have reduced marketing. If we don't find the right deals then we'll end up spending it on marketing. So if you add up to some of those marketing plus cause, now that's where, that will stay, I think lets say its not a consistent one to P&L but its a trade-off between on the margin marketing expense and streaming content.
Reed Hastings: Thank you all for attending the call and continue to give us feedback on the format if you like. In general, we've heard that it's more efficient for all of you and its quick for us and I hope that it gets a higher quality, total information out. So thank you for attending and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Barry McCarthy: And now we do expect streaming continues to be successful. It has been for us, that our $8.99 one-year plan will be a larger and larger percentage both the sign ups and therefore the installed base. We're not seeing any material migration of the installed base. That has stayed pretty constant. When people come in on a certain plan they stay with it. I have said that new subscribers are predominately coming in on the unlimited streaming one DVD at a time plan. 
Barry McCarthy: Jason my update that implies that we said something about that in the past, except I don't believe we have. In general we would hold the domestic business. We would want that to steadily improve, probably at a fairly modest rate, because the top line is expanding so dramatically. The global operating margin would depend upon international and at what rate it was prudent to invest. 
Barry McCarthy: There was intended shift in tone Doug. We expect to significantly increase the spending streaming in the second half of the year as compared to the first half of the year and the first half was a big increase over the second half of the prior year. So as the business scales in terms of subscribers we have, it generates more and more capacity to reallocate spending and so that's our plan.  You probably are referring to the language in my commentary which said that if we're not successful in licensing additional contents then we will spend that money in marketing and grow this sub-growth and I was kind of inoculate us against creating expectations on the part of investors that in the absence of increased content spending, it would all fall at bottom-line. They didn't want earnings expectations to run away from us. It was another way of reminding folks that earnings is a managed outcome and we consciously every quarter make a choice between how much earnings to deliver on the bottom-line and how much to invest quarterly and glorify them in the form of marketing or making the service better to drive additional (inaudible). 
Barry McCarthy: On these Hollywood type deals, they are always in discussions that never end, so no particular time does this begin or end.
Barry McCarthy: As we make the service better Michael, I have every reason to believe that, if we're successful in increasing subscriber engagement with the surplus then we'll see improvements in churn and we'll stand to see improvements in SAC. I don't expect to see continuing improvements in gross margin and I think we would probably do ourselves a disservice and slow our growth if we were to stop the content spend and in order to manage the gross margin in the business to a higher level. So in lieu of gross margin I encourage you to think about operating margins as we're clearly making trade-offs between. And we have through our entire history on SAC churn in gross margins offer the purpose of managing our sales to an operating margin that strikes the right balance between growth and profit. So a right example, we saw last quarter, I told you'd expect us to manage the business at 1% operating margin for the year. Now we're going faster and having more success doing it than we imagined and to the mid-point of guidance our net income implies an operating margin of about 12.5%. So clearly business is running, at least year-to-date more profitably than we expected and at least in the current quarter on gross margin both because of plan mix shift and because of substitution behavior is more profitable than we had expected. Now in a perfect world that we can time content spending and marketing spending and align it with perfect four side in our forecast, that wouldn't have happened and we would have reinvested that money and had factors of growth still.
Barry McCarthy: Well I think we saw 30 basis points of seasonal increase a year ago and we saw a 20 basis points roughly of seasonal increase this year, I am talking about Q-over-Q. So on a net basis, I think we are better by about 10 basis points and all the trend lines for the individual plan types and usage types hybrid versus just going (inaudible) and suggest to me as my commentary indicates there will be continuously improvement in churns through the remainder of the year.
Barry McCarthy: I could but I'd get skewered back (inaudible) also. I'm going to take a pass on that. Your walk away should be that there is nothing that's happening in the marketplace particularly that's increasing our cost of doing business. So the increase in SAC is strictly a managed outcome but we would say she starts with the lowest cost of subscriber acquisition and then layer-on-layer she builds out her acquisition channels and as the budget permits. There are quarters like Q4 when consumers are very active and the cost of acquisitions is relatively low and there are an abundance of marketing opportunities available to her, so happens and Q2 is the slowest quarter by far. And so, an aggressive spend in Q2 is a little bit my question on (inaudible). 
Barry McCarthy: Yes, I think so. Could churn continue to decline on a seasonal basis? Yes. Let's see, if we continue to improve the overall quality in the service in a way that increases subscriber engagement with the service then the answer is yes. Certainly in the current competitive environment, it's a competitive environment systematically, or if we make bad decisions about how invest in the quality of service and we are not successful in briefing engagement, the trend could reverse, no question.
