David Wells: Welcome to the Netflix Q3 2016 Earnings Call. I am David Wells, CFO and joining me on the company side today is, Reed Hastings, our CEO and Ted Sarandos, our Chief Content Officer. Interviewing us will be Scott Devitt from Stifel, sorry Scott Devitt from Stifel and Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Ben is in his fourth interview before he passes the baton. Before we get started, we will be making forward-looking statements. Actual results may vary. Ben, I think you have the first question, over to you.
David Wells: Yes Ben, if I might add, it's probably useful to talk about U.S. and international a little bit differently. The U.S. is a much older market in terms of our ability to improve that product and have more time. We've kind of settled into a rate of churn that's lower than some of our international markets. They get there over time, but I would say and this in terms of that conversation, we think that there's room left to improve the U.S. as we is that sort of un-grandfathering effect fades out over time. But outside the U.S. we will definitely have more opportunity to improve churn turnover time as we improved these products outside the U.S.
David Wells: Then to just followup on another part of Ben's question which was international over performance which markets actually ever performed to the extent that you can identify specific markets or even that it was some of the older markets that were over performing relative to new or otherwise.
David Wells: I'll just add on quick, the one of the really encouraging points was our big series that we had going on in the quarter, Luke Cage, Stranger Things, The Get Down, Narcos of course. The great thing is they performed proportionally well globally. So the content is traveling in a way that we’d hoped. Scott and Ben I would say it wasn't any one market, it's okay to talk about the fact that it was a very broad-based performance across multiple international markets so very broad.
David Wells: And Scott and Ben we have other partners that we've launched with Virgin and others that we've gotten sort of an early preview in terms of how the consumer interacts with the application and as long as we're able to continue to improve the attractiveness and the compellingness of the content and the experience of Netflix we feel like we're – it's a good partnership.
David Wells: And there's a small technical carve-out on Reed's answer in terms of we do have some territories in the world, countries of the world, changing their VAT or their GST laws and to the extent that we feel like that's a territory or a country-level response and we can pass that to the consumer, we may do that. It's just, we have a lot of different price points across the world at this point. So it's just a technical addition to Reed's answer.
David Wells: Well, we added some numbers in Q3 and in our guide for Q4, so you're starting to see that operating margin grow and the operating profit and we're growing both revenue and operating margin. So you're starting to see that grow already, but it will grow more and more materially next year and forward. So I think as we are able to reduce our international losses, we don't have another set of territories that we're launching next year. And as we're able to grow both margin and revenue in the U.S., you're seeing that lift out, but we'll have more specifics to say in Q1 in terms of providing some more guidance on that.
David Wells: Yes a little bit right, correct, a few points in there, but I would say our former sort of guidance for free cash flow was around a negative $1 billion, $1.2 billion. Now we're saying $1.5 billion for this year. It's a little -it's uncertain next year what that number might be. But I'd be surprised if it grows on a quarterly basis. So I would say as we're able to raise operating income, we'll be able to fund more of that organically. So we should be able to take more of that inside in terms of - and reduce our free cash flow. But I want to give some level room for the scale of the business. If we're successful and if we grow faster than we expect, then we could expand our content even more than what we consider we would do today. So there's a little bit of matching that to the scale growth of the business. How successful we are, how big the business we are growing internationally. And I would say in terms of the commitment number that number is up to 14.2 from the 13s before. And that has a lot to do with the expansion of our originals, our licensed originals and our international. So we launched the Rest of the World in January this year. e continue to add content to all of our international markets as well, so we're seeing that grow. I would expect that to somewhat moderate in the 18- to 24-month period as we go forward. We don't have another international launch to layer on to that. But we are expanding the business so you've got two forces that are sort of counteracting each other. But in terms of our…
David Wells: Yes, my comments at the Goldman Sachs conference about a 20% debt rate or a long-term optimization and cost to capital. I don't think we're talking about by the end of the year, getting to a 20% leverage ratio. So just to talk about sort of a shorter term or a medium-term, we would be looking to raise as needed in terms of funding our content expansion. So we've been pretty clear along the year that we would go-to-market sometime this year to add a modest amount of debt to the balance sheet. And then do that on a recurring basis as needed to fund our content expansion. So, over time though, we anticipate that we could get and would optimize our cost of capital up to a 20% leverage ratio. And we're talking about a debt to market cap at that point, but I think we will be closer to an EBITDA basis as well because the business is growing and operating income and EBITDA.
David Wells: Damn it, move faster, I think it's a quality abstract right? In terms of we want to make sure that we have an eye towards quality as well. We had a couple of rough blog entries about some of our localization and subtitling in some markets and we pay attention to those. So we're moving as quickly as we can, being methodical and thoughtful about those opportunities to localize. And yes, we are pleased with both Poland and Turkey in terms of those impacts. It makes sense that people want to consume in their language and so it's not going to make sense to localize in a super small territory. But for the larger territories, it's going to make sense and then even for the medium-sized territories. We'll get there eventually. I think it's just a matter of sequencing.
David Wells: Well again, back to Reed's earlier comments about for competitive reasons we don't talk specifics about our markets and I probably wouldn't. But I would say that there is a harvesting of the NAND initially when we launched in the market. It is that first launch quarter that we tend to have higher net additions and then that moderates over time and just sort of a run rate that's a little bit more normalized. We have the same thing going on that we highlighted in Q1 where we have Rest of World in the first quarter of this year, was a large number. And when I look at Wall Street's estimates for Q1, they're higher I think they're not taking that into account, so we wanted to call that out so that folks had the benefit of anticipating that.
David Wells: Just growing operating income and just the fact that I think Q1 was a little high relative to our expectations.
David Wells: Well, as you say, they do - one is going positive in terms of growth and one is negative in terms of initial launch. And what I was trying to call out without actually providing our Q1 guidance in January was back in January of this year, which I tried to moderate the estimates or the expectations coming out of our global launch, we had a very successful launch. In Q1, we had a lot of demand associated with that launch that started moderating into Q2. And I think people saw the success of Q1, and really raised their numbers in Q2and trying to get a little bit ahead of that in the sense that we had a very successful launch in Q1 of this year that is going to be very difficult to replicate. Some of that was pent-up demand and we're not going to be able to do that. That's not to say that many of our other markets are growing in terms of growth. It's just right now, in terms of what we see that large launch is going to overwhelm some of the growth of the other markets. So we still like what we're seeing in those markets. We're growing year-on-year in some moderate. We've had very different, a wide variety of results across markets. We've had markets that slowed down and then accelerate in growth. So if you abstract that I think the general trend is the world is embracing Internet television and we're riding on a very strong kind of tailwind of technological change. And that is definitely intact.
David Wells: Let me disconnect one thing there, in terms that we did choose to consolidate some of our French staff into our Amsterdam staff, but that had nothing to do with the market whether the market was growing or not. That had everything to do with the synergy of communication and how the teams are working together. And then in terms of the other markets gain we don’t say much specifically about our markets for competitive reasons, but you would have to take my earlier comment about the fact that we saw very broad sort of outperformance relative to expectations in this quarter or in Q3, that would be inclusive of those markets. So I think we're pleased with how things are going.
David Wells: It's accurate on the last one. We have some sort of older generation devices that are difficult to message as well, so I think that defines sort of the last few cohorts the people left. And then back to your sort of primarily question in terms of what did we see in the quarter relative to our expectations and relative to prior quarters and actuals? I would say, I mentioned earlier in the interview, that we still see some effect from the un-grandfathering. So there is a bit of an overhang from the price change. It's starting to fade, and we expect that to continue to fade but we do think there's opportunity to improve that going forward in terms of next year.
Reed Hastings: Sure. If you look over the whole year we've generated 12 million net adds this year. Last year we generated 12 million net adds. So there's been remarkable steadiness measured over the three-quarter period. But if you look at any single quarter, were high, were low and I think what's happening is that when we have some big originals it indefinitely grows the business, but some of that is a pull forward from the natural underlying growth rate. And so, like if in hindsight if we look back in Q1 we over interpreted that. In Q2 that we over interpreted a low, but it is actually quite steady over the midterm which is basically a fundamental organic growth of this on-demand Internet television. So think of it as it can affect the quarter a lot, it affects the year only a little that is as the total programming is better.
Reed Hastings: Well, we definitely want to increase net adds, but when I look over the last three or four years at how steady they've been, how hard they've been to move up and similarly that they've been very steady, we're only probably going to be able to make a little progress on increasing year-over-year net adds next year. So, we're fundamentally in this growth cycle that's to do with the Internet, smart TV, people getting used to on-demand, all of those aspects. So we're continuing to make progress. I wouldn't get to the micro variables about this churn or that churn or this show. It's much more of a deep force that's changing the market as more and more people are getting used to Internet television.
Reed Hastings: No, we have no plans on price increases outside of an inflation adjustment that we do in Brazil on an annual which is the law there.
Reed Hastings: For competitive reasons we're really not going to break out per country markets and results. I would say we're having broad success around international. We're continuing to make those investments. We've got a lot of room to go to improve the service. We mentioned the letter that we've only just now localized Poland and Turkey. That brings us up to 22 languages. YouTube is at 50. So we've got a long way to go in that localization effort.
Reed Hastings: I'm not particularly, I think we can all see that it's time for me to apologize for the volatility again, this time it's in a good direction, but I think more and more investors are able to look at the multiyear picture and they see the patterns emerging and so then it will be less and less about our guidance. I think the main thing about one year guidance is we probably don't have any more insights than investors do, whereas in the current quarter when we're two or three weeks into it we do have a little bit of an advantage, so that's why we do the current quarter guidance.
Reed Hastings: Yes we sure hope so. I mean, it is rolling out this quarter. It's a really nice integration. Comcast users tend to be pretty advanced high income households, so many of them already have Netflix. But having it integrated to X1 will make it easier to use. Our increase is the word-of-mouth and all of these MVPD integrations they help just like being integrated in smart televisions. So think of it as the more devices we're in the easier it is to use, but there's no step function here because again most of those homes probably have Netflix already.
Reed Hastings: Well, there are definitely concerns like that and on the same side and MVPD has concerns about putting on Netflix. You know they'll build more Netflix awareness and we have concerns that the UI, but ultimately where we get together is let's try to learn together what the customer really wants. And if we're thoughtful with each other and we're focused on the customer together, we're both going to be able to prosper. And then on the X1 specifically, when you click on say it's in the guide to the show it brings you into the Netflix user interface for showing you the show and then the post play kicks in where you've got the different followup shows that you could watch on Netflix.
Reed Hastings: And the X1 is the most powerful CPU box we've ever seen in the MVPD space and so the percentage of streams that are HD and the UI is really spectacular. It's the best that we've ever seen.
Reed Hastings: Well, look we've had a great couple of years at these price points and there's a lot of competition entering the market. What we're focused on is just how do we increase value to the consumer by having more spectacular shows, so that people watch more of Netflix. And over time, that will take care of itself, but we don't want to get overconfident just because we've had a good couple of years here.
Reed Hastings: Ted May be you can go through it a little bit when we do the self-produced content like Stranger Things, all the advantages to it for the business, despite the increased use of cash.
Reed Hastings: And to reconcile back to your question, some of that was already reflected in our forecasting and in our guidance. But I would say, as we get better and we sort of exercise that muscle of our own production, more of that is reflected in our pipeline. So you're seeing that number, that 1.2 number float up to up to 1.5.
Reed Hastings: And in some countries, we have the Disney movie output, Australia, Canada, U.S., but in other countries like in the U.K. we lost the bidding to Sky about two years ago. So it really varies by market. We're one of the bidders and we hope to over time, be one of the biggest bidders so they choose us, but it really does vary by market.
Reed Hastings: Yes, well we said this year is we're open to it. It's something we're looking at. But we have nothing more specific to offer.
Reed Hastings: No plans on making any changes there. Password sharing is something you have to learn to live with because there's so much legitimate password sharing, like with sharing with your spouse, with your kids. So there's no bright line and we're doing fine as is.
Reed Hastings: No, I mean they have a great strategy. They've got Hulu. They've got the Major League Baseball initiative and they bought some of that. And then of course, they've got Disney Life, which they operate in a number of countries. So it makes a ton of sense for them to be growing on the OTT side and to figure that out as it does for us to do content. And I think you'll see more - you saw CBS All Access in the last two years, really become a big focus for CBS. So it's just a continuation of that theme.
Reed Hastings: Well, we think about it as share of screen time. And when people are doing other things with their screens be they mobile or television screens, they're not doing Netflix. So Snapchat, YouTube, Facebook video, all of that is it takes a lot of hours, probably much more so than Amazon. But there are so many competitors out there for screen time than we win today. Such a small percentage of total screen time bit moves by specific competitors are unlikely to have a material effect. What affects us is, can we continue to win affection? And that's through doing all of this incredible content through expanding globally, having all those rights be global eventually, so those are the things we're focused on.
Reed Hastings: You know we have to take it year-by-year. It depends on how well we execute. Do we have more Stranger Things where it breaks through and everyone feels like they got to get in, Luke Cage, Get Down, Narcos. We have a show coming The Crown that some of our most impressive television I have ever seen and so I think November 4, when you ask yourself about 60 million to 90 million, when you watch that show, it's going to seem quite achievable. But it's all hangs on how well we execute and we're just going to work really hard on that front.
Reed Hastings: No, we'll keep investing in growing the content spend even domestically for quite a long time. We see an ability to continue to please consumers with a wide range of content. And so I think if you're trying to model the business long-term, you should think of content and how it's viewed and brand love always continuing up in the U.S. and internationally for a long time. I mean, I'll take two more questions, one from each of you.
Reed Hastings: Well we generally think of the growth of Internet TV like the growth of the mobile phone, that is fixed line telephony was an amazing invention, 100 years of development and brought incredible benefits to society and the same thing is true with linear TV. It's been an amazing innovation, but the age of linear is starting to fade and it's going to be replaced by Internet. And those firms like the BBC or CBS, that's doing all access that's invest heavily, I think will move into the future on Internet consumption. I think you'll see Internet growth generally more broadband kind of fiber optic to every village and town. Those general trend lines, the growth both of YouTube-type advertising supported services, Facebook video, Snapchat. So you're just going to see these new scenarios everywhere. And eventually, movies and TV shows will be global, ubiquitous, some amazing budgets. So I think you have to think big about the future. We're closing in on 100 million members, but I remind everyone at Netflix that Facebook and YouTube have 1 billion daily actives. And so, in many parts, we are just so small compared to those other Internet video firms and we have a lot of catch-up to do and that's again investing in our content and making it globally interesting and compelling which we're working on. So there's a lot out there. But we only just have to take it year by year, and it's tremendous fun inventing the future.
Ted Sarandos: Yes, absolutely. I think when we see something like Stranger Things come across, there's the Simple One, which is it doesn't come with the studio markup it's attached to it. That is just purely expenses not on screen and the other is much, much more flexibility in terms of the rights that we have and the rights – and how we contain to exploit and how we continue to maintain exclusivity, but we're not seeing the content against our wishes going to other markets in the syndication, in DVD and others. And we're able to produce it at a very high-quality and also much more efficiently. So to the extent that we can do that, while it does require more cash up front to fund the development process versus a studio who'd take that on, we find it's a great trade-off for cash.
Ted Sarandos: Nothing that has been done to date. It's basically just setting the table, there's a bunch of other different ways that you can get involved as a production partner with our studio partners versus a second window buyer. And some of that would include securing financing rather than having the studios continue to pursue deficit finance models.
Ted Sarandos: I will say, I would just say, to your point, the licensed business, while as a percentage of business will shrink as an absolute number it will continue to grow for the next couple of years. And there isn't a magic target to David's point. What we want to do this, have really great compelling and differentiated programming for our members and we there through original programming when we do it successfully. So we just want to keep steering the business that way.
Ted Sarandos: No, similarly, what we're trying not to do is get trapped in the business model to making creative choices, meaning that sometimes someone else owns the IP, and you want to do it right by the viewer by giving them great things to watch, and the only way to do that is do it through a third-party licensed deal. Our financial preference of course, is to produce it through our studios, and when that opportunity will continue to present itself, we're going to increasingly do that as well. But we're not locking into a formula of how much of the programming should be self-produced versus third-party license.
Ted Sarandos: Well, it's still to come. It's the second half of the first season, so that's still coming up. We're excited about how it got started. Yes, it's an expensive piece of television, mostly because it's a very large-scale cinematic. The reason why films work around the world is that a kind of attractiveness. So we're still seeing how it's going to unfold for first season, and all of the shows land at a different level of noise in the press and probably depending on what circles you run in, whether or not your friends are talking about it. But we're really very excited about how the show's been performing, particularly in the quarter where we had four shows that turned out to be kind of big event programs for us.
Ted Sarandos: Yes, look I think it's - we expected it to be very popular content and it's turning out to be. So Zootopia was the first really high profile film to come through, and it's performing in huge numbers because it's great kids viewing, beyond being great movie viewing. And the Disney brand are different from any other studio can deliver that kind of tentpole kids programming that the family loves and as long as it continues to perform at those levels, we'd look to expand it with Disney. But I don't think any other studio really can match that output and match those economics and therefore deliver that viewing. So we're going to still look opportunistically. Our films are available for that window. But really continue to put energy behind our original film initiative as well.
Ted Sarandos: Like I said in previous quarters, this kind of frenemy model has existed for decades in television where competing studios produce for one another constantly. And it's really the question I think that our suppliers want to make when they're making decisions around their expansion over the top is, can they make better returns selling to Netflix or building their own thing? And that's both a long-term and a short-term question and currently hypothetical.
Ted Sarandos: So, in terms of successes to date, Club de Cuervos our first Mexican original was quite successful and we're getting ready to bring out the second season. Marseille for our French customers, not only successful in France but successful throughout Europe and got a significant amount of watching in the United States subtitled and dubbed in English. So we're continuing to push. It's not degrees of difficulty it is just a matter of understanding the production community and the local tastes and who's working and making great films in those markets in some cases and are anxious to make the migration to television that they've been seeing happening in the U.S. So it's difficult in terms of not being on the ground they're usually. But I think we're making trade-offs in terms of the company culture to travel our folks into territory, get to know the folks in the markets, work with the best and brightest filmmakers and television creators, and bring their shows to the global markets through Netflix. And in terms of localizing for taste, in many parts of the world, U.S. content or English-speaking content localized into local languages has been incredibly successful. In some places where tastes run much more local like Japan, like India, we're certain that will take more of a local approach in terms of licensing and producing more local language content there as well. But I think over time that the taste will fall into line with the kind of desire to see the big spectacular shows that people are talking about around the world no matter where you are.
Ted Sarandos: Yes absolutely, what we tried to do, we're producing, as to Reed's point, we're producing showing now, that are just going into production literally today called Dark in Germany. It is with quite a successful filmmaker whose films have traveled around the world. We've been in the business of buying though films from those filmmakers and making them travel around the world for years. So I think that will continue with the move into multi-episodic series as well. So we get that scale advantage of being able to take a German show that the German audiences will be very excited about and we know that, that will expand throughout Europe and that we've been really great at finding audiences even in the U.S. in subtitles and dubs, which has been really a niche business for most people, but very mainstream numbers for us.
Ted Sarandos: It is not a material part for next year, but I imagine it could be a growth – it will be growing over the next several years. It's been – it's an area viewing that people around the world in joy. The content travels well. It is efficient to produce. The current sources of second window unscripted programming are under a great deal of pressure from the cable operators not to sell their content off of their own universe because many of the episodes seemed to be interchangeable. So being able to have a good steady flow of high-quality unscripted program is something we want to focus on because I think we can do it well and efficiently and may be elevated in a way that it would travel even more than it does today.
Ted Sarandos: There is certainly some benefits from the scale off of those shows, but our ability to producing maybe we have a lot of data and a lot of not a lot of data and a lot of content that gets watched and what travels and what doesn't, what gets repeated and what doesn't and it gives us a higher degree of confidence today than we had a couple of years ago and our ability or even desire to produce at the space, but it is a segmented programming. We keep opening up new segments of programming, the way we did with talk shows last year. The way we will in the first quarter with Ultimate BeastMaster, our first competition show. So we're pressing into some new areas of the business all the time to bring new, unique, elevated and differentiated program into our members.
