Ellie Mertz: Thank you, and good afternoon. Welcome to the Netflix Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Q&A Session. I’m joined here by Reed Hastings, CEO and David Wells, CFO. We announced our financial results for the fourth quarter at approximately 1:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. The shareholder letter and the Q4 financial results and the webcast of this Q&A session are all available at the Company’s Investor Relations website at ir.netflix.com. As is our standard practice, we will begin the call with questions received via e-mail. Please e-mail your questions to ir@netflix.com. After e-mail Q&A, we will also open up the phone lines for additional questions not covered by the e-mail Q&A or the investor letter. The dial-in number is in our investor letter, but let me repeat it now. Please call 760-666-3613 if you would like to get in the queue. We may make forward-looking statements during this call regarding the Company’s future performance. Actual results may differ materially from these statements due to risks and uncertainties related to the business. A detailed discussion of such risks and uncertainties is contained in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Commission on February 10, 2012. A rebroadcast of this Q&A session will be available at the Netflix website after 6:00 p.m. Pacific Time today. Now, let’s move directly to questions.
Ellie Mertz: As is our standard practice, we’ve organized the questions by topics as we’ve received them this afternoon via e-mail. First topic, questions on the domestic streaming. To what extent would you attribute the growth in subscribers to mobile, particularly tablet adoption? How much of usage is over mobile devices, same question for connected television.
Ellie Mertz: We might also make a point that we thought, considering the leveraging in the model in 2012, $106 million segment where we saw 700 basis points of margin expansion.
Ellie Mertz: Great, that’s the end of our e-mail questions. Now I’ll turn it back over to the operator to take live calling questions.
Ellie Mertz: Great, thank you, that’s all the questions we have time for. We really like to offer some closing remarks.
Reed Hastings: Both the rise of tablets and phones and the rise of smart TVs are very helpful to us and they are really the beginning of a trend around Internet-connected ecosystems with devices. And certainly, the more convenient those devices get, the more people will be comfortable watching and enjoying content on a wide range of devices, someday including Google glasses, Internet watches all kinds of scenarios over the next five years and as well as a multi-screen scenarios where you use your tablets or phone to choose content on your TV. So, what we will see over the next couple of years, and we saw in this fall also was more and more consumer adoption of Internet-connected streamings which on both tablets and smart TVs.
Reed Hastings: That is a really different business when it includes DVDs. Some, I’m not going to focus on that comparative reference, but what we are doing is seeing nice improvements, and again relative over this last year when we’ve been on the straight streaming side. And we’ll continue to look at that. The fundamental though is not to focus or we don’t focus on churn, because we really want to make it easy to quit. I know that sounds strange, but we spend a lot of time so that if you leave, you’ll have a really good experience, and that makes you much more likely to come back in. And we think that’s the right way to build a long-term growth in paid ads but it does result in easy access.
Reed Hastings: It’s marginally better than other quarters in terms of percentage of the quarter’s numbers that have come in by the 20-F, but it is not hugely material.
Reed Hastings: Well, the way pay one deals work is you pay for some and so the flow in 2016 as it hit in the second half of 2016 are relatively small in total payments, and you don’t really get a full load of the payment until 2018. So it’s a long way off, we’ve got a lot of content to look at between now and then, in terms of what generates the most viewing and satisfaction and a lot of flexibility to build the best service that we can by that point.
Reed Hastings: It is pretty amazing that the Disney content, but it was on our service from Starz was only 2%, and it just shows you how much incredible great content that we have that content as good as the Disney content could only be 2%. And going forward, in addition to the straight Disney content where the Disney Marvel content and the Lucasfilm. So it will be bigger than it would have otherwise. But the rest of our content is growing. The big thing what we’re excited about is the Disney content, once it eventually flows in it is fully exclusive to Netflix. and as we’ve been talking about, we’re more and more interested in exclusive content until it hits that point of differentiation that we’ve articulated before as part of our content strategy. And that exclusivity allows us to have a differentiation in the long-term.
Reed Hastings: I would say, not more than holes. There is vast amounts of additional contents that we want to acquire as we grow and the virtual cycle for us is to gain more subscribers and get more content, gain more subscribers, get more content and what propels our growth is that continuing content. There’s no specific holes that as we’d like to get more movies, we’d like to get more privacy’s in television. We’d like to have more originals. And in general, as we grow, we’ll be able to deliver on that more and more for consumers.
Reed Hastings: Well, it’s early for us on the proprietary original content. You will know a lot more, maybe on the July call after we’ve launched House of Cards and after we’ve launched Arrested. So we’ll be able to comment a little more and at that point may make decisions about how much we want to invest in it, do we want to increase the investment, keep it about the same to last and we have a lot more knowledge. So, we’ll take our time and towards the next six months just focus on the current originals.
Reed Hastings: Again, we have made the decisions for next year in terms of what percent of budget will be original content. We’re going to look at the results, look at the viewing and overall press attention, subscriber acquisition trends all of the factors before making those decisions.
Reed Hastings: The huge benefit is that we don’t have to advertise 8 p.m. on the Thursday night tune in. We get to let people know about the show and they can watch it anytime at their leisure. And so that let’s just be much more efficient in our marketing and much, much focused on a specific date and time. Mostly, we’re going to be able to generate tremendous demand through our service by targeting the specific online ads on the service, the content for the people who will be relevant for. so we get tremendous viewing from our 33 million global members. Then in addition, we’re also generating a lot of attention in certain cities doing a highly concentrated, large scale promotion to be able to see what the effects of ours to stimulate the creative community awareness and generally build a lot of buzz around those shows. So we’re very much looking forward to that launch.
Reed Hastings: Well, I think that’s something we’ve learned over time. If you look at HBO, they experimented and have had great success with DVD as a channel for their content. They did some syndication, but then they pulled back on some of that. And I’m sure we’ll try some of the same things and trying to see what makes sense. The current originals mostly where our first window licenser and for example, on House of Cards, Media Rights Capital owns the other rights and will be monetizing those downstream from us. So we’ll try different structures as we go forward, but primarily a focus on monetization on our platform. 
Reed Hastings: Well, it’s a great question. In the case of Hemlock Grove, it’s a new property like House of Cards, and the same with Orange is the New Black. So that will take sometime to develop for those shows. Arrested is unique, because it’s already got a big brand, and so it’s good to be more front-loaded in its overall viewing and attention. In terms of high data, it’s very hard to predict what will happen in terms of membership in Q2. So I think what we’ll do is, we’ll be cautious, and it’s not particularly built into our forecast. And then we will see what happens in Q2. And then from that basis, we’ll have – be able to project going forward.
Reed Hastings: Well the accounting for originals is similar to or is consistently the accounting for our whole library, which means we amortize in straight line over the license period. I would say, the question was asked about amortizing the cash. It’s not the cash that gets amortized; it’s the extent of that full title. And so when we have quarters like Q4 and you talked about Q1 being intensive for originals, we’ll pay depending on the terms of the deal, heavy upfront payments, even upwards of 50% and then that content will come into window later in the year. So you’ll see the cash come out in terms of the cash flow, but there’s no offsetting expense. Some of that flows into prepaid content as you see and you’ll see that cash be less as we go through the year and the expense starts to catch up.
Reed Hastings: Well, again, we’re at a very early stages, I think Ted’s done a – Ted Sarandos has done a great job on different types of content; Hemlock Grove and House of Cards are quite different. I think you’ll be very pleased with Orange is the New Black. So, and of course, that’s the development of U.S., a huge winner. So I think it’s just too early for us to have any great confidence. We’re staying flexible, learning and we’ll grow into original program step-by-step.
Reed Hastings: Well, some of this is already happened in the UK, where LOVEFiLM, Sky, TV NOW and Netflix has nearly no overlapping content. And as the press tone is shifting in ways to be getting both, they’re getting three, as there are different channels, basically to surveys someone totally. of course, not everybody has infinite budgets ready, but his budget is tight as real competition for choosing us, if you need to choose. But I do think that many people will choose to get multiple services like we compete with HBO, that is we’ll all have different shows and I will be competing for dollars and attention. But not have the same content.
Reed Hastings: Yeah, absolutely. We’ve continued right from inception. And frankly, in all of our territories in Canada, Latin America and the different nations in Europe to expand the content and expanding the content has definitely increased viewing, decreased this churn, made this better. So we’re very eager and ambitious to get more and more content on all of the services including the UK.
Reed Hastings: The only change in the UK, and welcomes in there from our launch at the same prices have always been at, has been Sky’s and TV Now, which launched in the fall. So that’s increased. There is active marketing going on between us. As far as we can tell, both services are doing well also. It comes back to us; it may not end up as some game, we want to get the biggest piece of the pie. But it may be that people subscribe to multiple services.
Reed Hastings: I helped on a little bit in Q4, we’ll help a little bit more in Q1 and we’ve still got projects to go.
Reed Hastings: It will depend by markets and in some markets, you’ll get that relatively quickly, others will take longer. And there’s no precise level of penetration. It depends, for example, in Latin America, we’ll end up at break-even at lower overall household penetrations, because the Internet is at lower penetrations. So I would say each market is unique in this way.
Reed Hastings: So, let’s see our hopes would be that we should get to similar house Internet or broadband household penetration levels as we can in the U.S., but until we actually prove that that’s possible, we’re a little cautious on forecasting it. So in principal, when we look at Internet usage or YouTube usage or television, pay television and free television. It’s pretty ubiquitous across all these societies. so the notion that over 10 or 20 years, Internet TV is that strong around the world as it is in the U.S., it’s pretty sound.
Reed Hastings: Yeah, I think we would need the same amount of – the contribution margin is a factor of the scale. so I think we would need to get to that at scale. It’s fairly competition, I mean I would just add, add-in competition. So those two things are the primary determinants of long-term margin.
Reed Hastings: The delivery cost, I’m not sure you can believe into that as a result. I would say that our Open Connect program has investments that are front-loaded. So to the extent that we’re rolling out our Open Connect program, there’s a little bit of expenses that are loaded into Q4 and into 2013, depending upon the pace of our rollout and that those flow should moderate going forward. I think the question is in reference to letter, we said that our U.S. contribution marginally better, because of just some delayed expenses that will show up and relative to planning in Q1 and Q4.
Reed Hastings: In general, delivery is something that’s relatively small percentage of our total cost, it works quite well. So it’s relatively inconsequential.
Reed Hastings: It will be a nice thing for us. I don’t think it’s going to be huge. It hasn’t been huge for us internationally. It’s certainly segmented. There’s a section of the group within each country that loves social and they are really into on Netflix and probably, every other sites that they use. and then there’s a lot of people for whom that’s not why they’re there, Netflix in terms of a social aspect. And of course, over time, those ratios will shift. But for now, all of our social work really caters to a little specific, typically younger, but very social centric demographic. So it’s a good investment. It’s making good progress. We’re thankful the DPPA passed the change to it and we’ll continue to make progress on this front.
Reed Hastings: Well, we should see leverage in the model. we haven’t made decisions in the back half of the year on international expansions. Obviously, that will matter as well.
Reed Hastings: No. That’s not directly affecting us. As we outlined in the letter, we’re feeling good about those plans.
Reed Hastings: It will be a function of competition and how much of the market, the total addressable market that we can collect. So right now, we’re focused on the target of expanding that routinely by growing faster basically in our content, but expanding our content expense.
Reed Hastings: So I think the question usually I get on is related to the contractual obligation table. The streaming obligations were $5 billion as of $930 million as of the end of Q3. That corresponds to a $5.6 billion number as of the end of 12/31. $2.5 billion is added on the balance sheet to $3.1 billion that’s not on the balance sheet.
Reed Hastings: The no on stock, no on covert, I think the plans that we put in there are still sort of an opportunity in exploration base. It’s really based on the 20 plus year low that we see in the debt market. It’s a good time to lock in very low-cost long-term capital. So we’d be remiss not looking at that opportunity.
Reed Hastings: I would say also – but in the letter about if we’re expanding our content expense and that has benefits in terms of getting people excited about the sign of retaining better, all of that is a quasi marketing expenditure. So the rest are developmental marketing expense or content expense.
Reed Hastings: Not likely. Fulfillment has grown to be a pretty relatively small portion of our cost of revenues as our DVD business continues to scale down with small portion of content revenue.
Reed Hastings: Yeah, that would be mostly what drives the improvement in voluntary retention. It’s that satisfaction with the content, in addition the satisfaction for the user experience, how quickly and easy it is to chose, how well the personalization works, how well the streaming works. So, that all comes together and gives them the satisfaction.
Reed Hastings: I should know more about it as a Facebook Board member. But it’s very new. And so I’ll take your hint, that it’s a good thing and I’ll go and spend some time on it.Youssef H. Squali – Cantor Fitzgerald Securities: Okay, thanks a lot, congrats.
Reed Hastings: Scott, think about it in terms of the content layers. So we’re $27 million domestic now. So the question is do we have good enough content to say, get to $40 million. And then with that incremental content budget, can we improve the content, such that with that incrementally better service, we can get to $50 million. And then similarly, we got more money we can spend on more content. So that’s one big a growth factor. And second is the overall change to Internet TV. It’s not just us that’s benefitting from this. If you look at Hulu’s numbers over last year, they doubled from 1.5 million to 3 million subscribers. So people around the world are interested in Internet television since you can click, watch, pause, control, choose; it’s just a better paradigm. And so as that tailwind continues to develop, that’s very helpful. And then finally, it’s what happens in the consumer electronics space. It was only six to seven years ago that the iPhone came out. We’ve had tremendous, right now on iPhone 5. So if you think about 6 or 8 years from now by extension, we’ll be at the iPhone 10 and how incredible will that be for not only viewing video, but maybe controlling video around all of your house and choosing and how immersive and all of that helps Internet video services like our own. So those are three big factors, the content growth as we grow, the general trend towards Internet TV and the consumer electronics ecosystem.
Reed Hastings: And since we have no data to base it on, that’s the conservative and correct approach. But some of us are optimistic that it may in fact be substantial. But we really don’t know and we don’t want to count on it until it happens.
Reed Hastings: I think it’s the only – not quite clear on your question. But if we looked into alternative methods in terms of joint ventures and other vehicles to reduce that cash consumption upfront might be the only available method to assume that. We prefer the simplicity and we may get there sometime down the road. But in terms of the present course, overall the content spend on a regional is a relatively small part. It’s outside in terms of our cash because it’s so lumpy up in the first couple of quarters.Tuna N. Amobi – Standard & Poor's Investment Advisory Services LLC: And just a follow-up on that – how you think about managing the risk of your original content in terms of showing that you actually collaborate with third-party producers versus showed that you actually own outright? And how does that factor into your calculations of cost per viewing hours in terms of your commitment to either kinds of shows? Thank you.
Reed Hastings: It’s Reed here. The good news is, any one show isn’t an ongoing commitment. So it’s a relatively fixed bound. And it might be that at some point, we produce the show that’s not very good. But what that really means is, we only get a little bit of viewing on it as opposed to a lot of viewing. And when you think about the size of any single original and the size of our total multi-billion dollar per year content budget, it’s not a huge risk.Tuna N. Amobi – Standard & Poor's Investment Advisory Services LLC: Thank you.
Reed Hastings: In terms of the lumpiness, I presume there will be some quarters where it got a little bit lumpy, where we signed a big deal, but generally any big deal, we would know about several quarters in advance, so we would have that visibility to build in and to let everybody know, and then return to the kind of margin expansion that we’re targeting. And we’re feeling our way along as we grow in the market in creating the service and thus far we’re focused on the 100 basis points a quarter versus some specific operating model, because we want to get the operating model to be better and better and better. And to do that, we have to really feel our way along and make sure that it’s consistent with increasing viewing, and with really good or improving on voluntary retention, I’ll turn it over to David on the cash.
Reed Hastings: The cable broadband is very profitable for them and the more that people want to do high definition Skype and high definition Netflix, it's inevitable that there is going to be new high speed packages that are more successful for those ISPs. And so they have got an incredibly profitable great business moving data, and that's great for them. It doesn't conflict with us. In fact where we like high definition Skype are the critical applications that help them drive more adoption of the higher end packages, and in that way we work really well with them.Carlos Kirjner – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Reed Hastings: Tony we don't know on Disney Amazon and Sony Pay 1, our appetite frankly was for Disney, it's strong and we’re interested and we will see how it works out. There is no specific piece of content that we must have, and that's just the bidding negotiation.Tony Wible – Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Perfect. Thank you.
Reed Hastings: It all depends on, Nat on how you count an entity. You count a household where you will make out and they try both under separate email. Lots of people have multiple email addresses and several of them are willing to enter multiple credit cards to get multiple free trials. So there's no clean motion of that. We can tell you how many email addresses have we touched, but mapping that into people and households is pretty tricky.Nathaniel H. Schindler – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Makes sense, thank you. 
Reed Hastings: Yes. And Nat on your first question, it stayed roughly, about the same in terms of percentNathaniel H. Schindler – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. 
Reed Hastings: Yeah, Dan let me take a stab at that, in your part A. In the past Netflix has been very good about thinking about that net incremental $1 million or $5 million investment. It's better in content. It’s better in marketing. It is better in improving, our interface and our products. We continue to do that. We are never perfect in sort of finding out that optimal frontier point, but we still continue to think like that in terms of that additional investment whether it's better place in an existing market in a near market and product or in our content offering in the Netflix or international
Reed Hastings: Youssef if you’re still on, we are on Facebook Gift and I’m sure it’s a huge opportunity. Thank you all for visiting Netflix teleconference and we look forward to seeing you.
David Wells: And I would say that regionally it continues to be a very strong channel for acquisition and that continues to be the case. We’ve seen that in Q3, Q4, all the way through the quarter, and as a function of that, people flowing in and out of the service, and because we make it easy, they don’t feel trapped by a contract and it’s really easy for them to come back into the service when their lifestyle warrants signing up again.
David Wells: We don’t typically discuss the terms on individual deals, I would say that, deals like the Disney deal and other output style deals tend to be more cash intensive upfront, but other than that are not remarkable anywhere.
David Wells: I can reiterate what we said last quarter, which was these two gating items or grating conditions, one is global profitability, which we’re really pleased that we continue to demonstrate even with the modest launch in Q4, and the second condition being that we’re pleased with the path of our existing investments. So those two conditions still hold.
David Wells: I would say, this is David here. I would say it was a program that we did around the holidays and into January. I think you’ll see us view this sporadically, I wouldn’t describe it as a large program. It was incrementally positive to our DVD subscription. And we gave a lot of credit to them, 12 to 18 months ago that we weren’t doing enough, in terms of monetizing some of the sales search opportunities on the DVD, on the website and so forth. And I think we’ve cleaned a lot of that up, and e-mail programming campaign that you’re talking about is an evidence of doing a little bit. We test a lot of this, and usually when we do something, it’s going to be an incrementally positive.
David Wells: And we probably have 7 million reasons not to give full-year guidance right here. So we’ll avoid doing that this year.
David Wells: Very sustainable on the Q4 marketing spend and the second part of that, late efficiency; the late efficiency comes because most marketing is on members telling their friends about Netflix. It’s not the ads that we pay for. And as we have more and more members and as they are happier and happier with the service, the net benefits to growth and then don’t need as much paid marketing.
David Wells: And Mark, I would say that the other contributor to that is people two to three years ago, when they first experienced a streaming offering had expectations of a DVD full content library. I would say those people are starting to be a little bit more aware of what’s available in an Internet channel and in an Internet network, offering like we have. So the expectations gap might be narrowing as well.Mark S. Mahaney – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you, David.
David Wells: Yes, Doug. In terms of content cost, we continue to expand our content libraries and we expect that to continue to increase. It’s going to increase slower than revenue. So from that, you can infer that the year-over-year increase for 2013 would be less than the increase that we saw in 2012. And then the second piece of that question was around, how we improved the involuntary retention numbers and that we drew looking at a number of optimization in terms of how we handle folks that go on payment hold.Douglas T. Anmuth – JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
David Wells: And then Scott, on your second set of questions on House of Cards, we think it is going to be a pretty small benefit for Q1. We’ve talked about how – overall it’s a generally small share of ours, really happy about the quality and the fan fare that we’re getting with the show. And now we think that those would be but overall pretty small benefit we think to subscriber editions. And then TV spend for House of Cards, there will be some media spends likely very little TV, like focus again on sort of influences in big markets.
David Wells: And John, on the cash as long as the cost are low, more cash is better, but I would say this is again as the opportunity presented by the debt market, and the ability to get really low cost long-term capital, and for us to preserve the flexibility, if we feel massive success with original to preserve the flexibility to expand that program, and to develop more down the road. So I don’t think there is a magic number this is about sort of long-term planning for the business.John R. Blackledge – Cowen & Co. LLC: That’s great. Thanks so much.
