David Wells: Welcome to the Netflix Q4 2015 earnings call. I am David Wells, CFO. I am joined on my right by Reed Hastings, our CEO; and Ted Sarandos, our Chief Content Officer. Interviewing us today will be Peter Kafka from Re/code; and Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley. Just a reminder a cautionary statement that we will be making forward-looking statements and actual results may vary. Over to the first interview question.
David Wells: Well Q4 I would say was pretty close to our projections, we’re literally with an hours of it, but so we did anticipate that net additions would be lighter year-on-year. I would say the credit card was a background issue in Q3, it continues to be a background issue. But the larger thing is that it’s just the next 50 million or a little harder than the first 50 million in terms of growth and we are doing everything on the content side, on the product side, we’re continuing to improve that service, but you’re seeing that the law or large numbers when you grow steady at 5 million, 6 million net additions a year on a larger number then that percentage growth is smaller year-over-year and that’s what we predicted and that’s what you see in our guide for Q1 as well.
David Wells: I don’t think where the - Peter, this is David, I don’t think that were the only one. I think because we are recurring merchant anywhere from five to ten basis points, 15 basis points is sensitive to us, we have optimized, we spend a lot of time optimizing our recurring billing systems in our approach and so we are very sensitive to it. Again it’s a small thing. I think we want to focus on the larger things and not the small things. And we anticipate that the ENV rollout will continue into 2016 into Q1 and Q2 and we’ll always have even globally these issues where there is mass reissues of things and disruptions in the recurring systems that we have.
David Wells: Yeah, I mean just upcoming in this quarter, you are going to see, so then we as - we were pleasantly surprised by how excited the world is overfull our house. So this upcoming, you ask about different kinds of programming for the next 50 million or 5 million depending on your level of aggression that getting more and more mainstream and some ways with the programming. But as a function of breath, as a function of doing more for all taste, so opening that up to include multi-camera sitcoms like The Ranch, like Fuller House, we have also really single-camera sitcom with Arnett called Flaked and the four season of House Of Cards, so you’ve all this kind of breath just in a single quarter we’re releasing is more programming than most networks run the whole year.
David Wells: The continuing success of Narcos in the U.S. where this primarily Spanish language show is being watched enormously mainstream numbers in the U.S.
David Wells: I would add that you, the more content that we’re adding the more likely you are going to land on a show that somebody can’t live without and I think that’s what we’re seeing as we are expanding in not just the volume of content but also the breath of generous that we are covering in our original shows and our original movies.
David Wells: Yeah, there is no change here, so we said before that we’re on pace to burn about a billion dollars of cash mostly on our branded or originals content, that ration of cash to P&L is about 1.3 to 1.4 and that continues to hold. So you see that it will run up in a peak in certain quarters if we take delivery of a lot of original content and then runs back down. But I think the 1.3 to 1.4 range of cash to P&L expense will continue to hold. And so far our expectations of use of cash have been about as expected. You see in the letter that we wrote that we’re on pace to use about a billion dollars and maybe a little more this year, but we upsized our debt last year about a year ago and so you know in terms of timing we’d be looking at later this year maybe early next year before we would need to do any more on the capital side.
David Wells: Let me take part and then I’ll turn it to Ted. So I would say Ben, you know it is true that once you get to $4 billion of spend, the rate of growth is going to slow down, so that is definitely true on the U.S. side. But back to my earlier comment, we still think that there is great content to be added to the U.S. service that is efficient that will continue to increase the competitiveness and attractiveness of the offering in the U.S., so we are going to continue to add to that service. It’s had a slower rate of growth but it continues to grow. And in time, it not true yet, but in time, we will be adding more of our original branded content than our licensed content. So today, we’ve been adding both, we’ve been growing originals rather quickly. We’ll continue to grow originals quickly but you are seeing a lot of that added to the U.S. market. And to the extent that we’re successful and Ted maybe this is good transition to you about finding content that works across markets, you know there will be blurring in the lines between what is really U.S. content and what is international content and vice versa.
David Wells: So on the first question, you heard me right in terms of 120 million. Looking ahead I would say there is two things that might alter that not materially but plus or minus 10-20 million that would be foreign exchange, I mean we continue to have an environment where we’re running deep into some pretty headwinds of foreign exchange, if that continues that might challenge that 120 million upward a little again 10-20 million. And then the other thing is just carving out a little bit of room for us. Like I said we are 14 days you know or two weeks or so into a global launch. We’ve got lots of markets that were in early days of setting our level of compelling and competitiveness in our service offering. This year is about investment, you’ll see that, we’re focused, you know we’re committed to a global breakeven, but we’re also trying to build multiyear businesses in many of these markets. So if we see opportunities, I think there is a little bit of room for us to pursue those later in the year to pour some additional content marking whatever the right mixture of investment is. But it is true, it’s about a 120 million, it won’t meaningfully depart from that too much but it could be 10-20 million within that.
David Wells: Yeah, sorry Ben on your last question, nothing is changed there, other than our confidence that will continue to drive some meaningful profit in the ‘17-’18 and to the extent that people are focused on backward looking financial metrics in terms of credit worthiness. We think that will become a better credit risk overtime, you irrespective or what’s happening in the high yields markets. You know today, their bonds have traded pretty well.
David Wells: No, I think you are doing the right math, but I think you are - that question is a little bit of a modeler in terms of looking at the narrow numbers. That’s true and in terms of the math, but in general I would say this year is about our continued international investment, we’re not really focused on making sure operating grows, the operating income growth is sort of an outcome of you know focused on international expansion but also committed to consolidated breakeven.
David Wells: Yeah, it’s pretty simple, I mean well, let him know that the certain date, the price change takes effect, so nothing dramatic, pretty straight forward simple stuff.
David Wells: I’ll take that one. So I think we - you know we’ve got pretty robust payments teams that we’ve invested internally in building that out, getting smart in terms of the payment systems across the world, we’re pressing on gift cards and prepaid cards that might open up you know to the market to those people that don’t have access to a credit, debit card. But in rest of world, again it’s pretty early days and I think we’ll take the approach that we took in Latin America which is just to look at our next best opportunities to open up additional pockets of the market. We’ve done this before not in Lat-Am but in other places and we’ll continue that without playbook in the rest of the world. Our partners are another element of this right, so Reed mentioned IOS will be looking to draft off of large partners in the group in terms of IOS, Android and other options you know and there is a lot of evolutions going on in the payments world. But I got miscoded at city by saying that we’re interested in big coin, but what I said was it would be nice to have in five to ten years of borderless currency like that coin. I think those people that are so excited about it are interested in breaking down those barriers and in using the power of the Internet and the Internet age you know to reduce the friction of payments that are existing today in some of those banking structures. So we’ll be drafting off those long term as well. But in the near term expect us to continue to just knockdown the best opportunities in terms of adding local payment methods, credit, debit cards, drafting off partners as well.
David Wells: You know I don’t know enough of the details of FreeBee. But generally the great thing what TMO was doing is making a limited video consumption of possibility with freedom from oaring about the data caps. And the Quit Procol from the customer’s standpoint on Binge On is that they only get DVD quality on their four or five inch screen, which when you look at the DVD quality is actually very, very good, but that’s a really unique grogram that T-Mobile has done and it’s seeing our great reception amongst all users and we are seeing viewing going and I think TMO was seeing somewhat positive benefits from that, so we help those kind of programs expand.
David Wells: Well we’re starting off definitely appealing to elite. I mean I mentioned that in Russia and Eastern Europe you know we’re still in English. In Vietnam and Cambodia, we’re in English. So we’re serving elites. You can think of them as a shorthand as iPhone owner, so that they pay $800 for an iPhone, they are comfortable with entertainment in English, and so for them you know $8-$10 is a sweet spot price. Certainly in future years you know as we do more and more and trying to expand it to the mass market, you know we can look at additional pricing option, but we feel good about our pricing and the value for these global originals right now.
David Wells: And remember all of our originals are fully global, they go live in every country at the same time around the world. Increasingly we are spending most of our licensing dollars on content that’s successful in that way from small things to other way to big things like Oscar nominated movie “The Big Short” we’ll have the Pay TV window around the world, so people will be able to watch that movie on Netflix wherever they are.
David Wells: And I think dual filter hacking in piracy are maybe just in cousins are best, I mean I think dual filter hacking is people hacking to pay versus piracy where people are hacking not to pay.
Reed Hastings: You know we’ve got over 50 countries in Q4, so we had a lot of experience Ben, predicting these markets. And then we launched in Japan in early September and Spain, Portugal and Italy in mid-October and let’s say they’ve gone very well as we said in the letter. In terms of the outperformance, it was pretty broad based, many different contributors around the world to that. Now what we are seeing basically is that this on-demand Internet TV, watch wherever and whenever you want, it’s very popular wherever you go in the world.
Reed Hastings: You know we’ve always been able, customers have always been able to sign up on IOS but they had to do it in the mobile web Safari Browser and now they can do it in app. And it’s a positive, it’s not transformational but it’s really nice positive and a particular in new markets as we expand around the world where we’re less note and less trusted, the comfort for customers in terms of using the Apple payment mechanism versus entering their international credit card information is helpful. So think of it has one more in our long list of great payment options that we have.
Reed Hastings: Yes, a lot of both. I mean honestly our global guides for over 6 million net additions will be a record for Netflix and so we are super excited about that. And what’s amazing is we’re seeing some of our new shows like “Making A Murderer” not only be huge here in the U.S. but it’s emerging as a big hit around the world for us. And you kind of expect Jessica Jones to carry internationally and once been phenomenal about Ted’s teams programming is that you know these more unusual content titles have also had great draw around the world.
Reed Hastings: Well, David is big thinker, so he is thinking about the next 50 million, I’ll stick with the next 5 million. And when we can clearly see the next 5 million, it’s I’ve been hearing a lot about it but nothing yet has compelled me to join. And so the big driver is getting people excited about whatever title we have and then making it easy for them to join. So whether it’s integrating on the Smart TV or integrated into the MVPD set-top or the Apple TV those are the things that make it easy to fulfill that desire. But the underlying desire is for these new titles which is why we are so excited about the year coming and the content the Ted teams put together, so maybe he can talk about some of the big hallmarks we have in the next few months.
Reed Hastings: You know the first year in the UK was a really tough market, so it’s usually successful for us now but it’s not true that it always well. We saw the same thing in Brazil for different reasons. So being light in the beginning doesn’t worry as a bit. And what we’ve seen in market after market like Spain, Italy, France, Germany, is this building momentum as we do more and more local content. We’ve got this amazing Sophie Marceau coming out in May, I think will really uplift the way that our French members think about say non-members in particular, so we’re really looking forward to that. So it’s a natural building cycle. And I think the way you should model that is pretty consistent growth in all of the territories. The variation is pretty modest. Again if you time adjusted you know from whenever we launch.
Reed Hastings: Well, we’re continuing to invest more in content, more in platforms in terms of the performance and the speed and the service is growing. So I think it’s natural that we’re continuing to grow on all those dimensions on you know the per membership basis as a service which was in the idea. Think about smart phone usage now compared to ten years ago, of course the number of smart phones is up, but the usage in utility is up. And I think we’ve only scratch the surface, you know Netflix is a tiny percentage of all video viewing today, so we are tremendous potential growth ahead of us if we can continue to execute, we can continue to produce great shows to have this global launch with no snaffles, so not a hard execution but the market potential is really quiet large.
Reed Hastings: With also a number of countries that have language match, so Philippines a lot of people speak English, we have English language content. We have subtitles in Arabic, you knew we’ve translated our service in Arabic, so that’s a good match for Saudi Arabia. And then in much of the world Russia, Poland, Central and Eastern Europe, we’re still only in English. So we’ve got a ways to go over the next two year, we’ll keep adding more languages and make the service more relevant. So we look at it in sort of two categories where we got language match and where we don’t yet. We’re seen both a growth but more substantial growth in those obviously where we have language match. And then beyond language, we have work to do on payments in terms of in each country there are often local payments or different traditions around payments that will start to work on. So think of it as you know we’ve really begun on the international or global expansion rather than it’s all showed up and we’re all complete on it.
Reed Hastings: Yeah, same thing, you just watch Netflix on the phone just like you watch YouTube on the phone. A lot of that phone viewing is on Wi-Fi because of the data charges. And then what you do on the sailor networks is try to have the most efficient video codex you can have and we’re working hard on that. But think if it has you know it’s the same way that people use other Internet video services like YouTube.
Reed Hastings: Well not the ladder, I would say there are couple of points on this. One is that you know to the extent that we launched Western World then it was a little early then maybe 24 months ago that we would have been fully global or near fully global. I would say the U.S. P&L did receive a little bit of relief right, but that’s a onetime thing and that sort of goes away. The second point is, we continue to add content and add an efficient level, I mean we look at the hours views and what is generated by the content versus the cost and we continue to see new additions even in the U.S. and markets that are have been in place for four to five years now, we continue to see viewership and Ted talked a little bit about engaging new audiences, you know you’ll see us do that. So I think - you know for the foreseeable future, we think we can grow both margin and grow the content spend even in markets in the U.S.
Reed Hastings: Yeah, the standards at least today they are fluid that the government uses restrict like Game of Thrones reportedly as you know had 10 or 15 minutes from many episodes cut from it and so there are issues conforming to those local standards. That’s true of all of the Western content that’s produced well as well as the Chinese content of that market. So we’ll be on a level playing field with all other services.
Reed Hastings: There is all different flavors, if you look at how Disney lie for iTunes or others have done. So you know we’re talking to different partners building the relationships. But again as I mentioned a few days ago, we have a very long term look and this could be a many years or discussions or it could happen faster than that, where you know going to take our time. And that clearest example is really the iPhone which took many years for Apple to get approval for that and now it’s a very large business for Apple. And so our view is for looking out for the business a decade from now, we should just be very patient and continue to build those relationships and listen and learn. So we’re in no hurry. And most of our time and effort right now is going in, how do we build the Japanese market, how do we build the Philippines market, how do we build the Saudi Arabian market, markets that are open to us and available right now.
Reed Hastings: You know HBO’s been a great competitor one we admire for a very long time. You might have seen the recent news that they are now are offering, HBO now direct to consumer in multiple new nations, they started just in the Nordics then some countries in Latin America, now in Spain. So they will be a formidable global competitor overtime again independent of their ownership.
Reed Hastings: And we follow the coverage from the DCA most of them offered up that they are very happy with the relationship and not to be under that kind of weekly ratings show that wouldn’t matter much of the success anyway, so they are happy not to focus on it.
Reed Hastings: Yeah, I mean we do direct consumer research and we haven’t been able to detect any significant take rate on those. So we’ll continue to watch and learn and detect you know our people on Hulu taking a lot of show time where is it pretty much on the market.
Reed Hastings: So extremely similar to how we launched Latin America where there is a couple of countries that we focused on directly and there is still some countries that we haven’t yet visited you know four or five years later, but we have a lot of members. So the Internets are beautiful thing because of its openness. So again it’s a very similar to our Latin America launch.
Reed Hastings: Well it’s voluntary on the customer, any customer of TMOs can decide to turn it on or turn it off, that would a big difference and then they are not charging any of their providers, it’s an open program, many of our competitors such as Hulu and HBO are in the program also but it’s an open no charge program where they are really focused on trying to get the customers some optionality of limited to DVD quality and then you get unlimited viewing which you know their customers are choosing.
Reed Hastings: I don’t we’ll see any impact and we’ve always enforced proxy locking with a blacklist, now we’ve got it expanded an enhanced blacklist. So I don’t think we’re going to see any huge change.
Reed Hastings: You can call a play kit or you can call catering to their desires which you know they have the gentlemen desires that we license content in Canada you know it’s not fair us to be or our customers to be get in that you know if we’ve only paid for Canada, so we are trying to pay for it all by shifting to global licenses and we are working with our content providers on that, but it’s perfectly reasonable what the content owners want and we know there will be some people effected that are using it today which is what we wanted to be open about it, but it’s really a continuation of what we’ve always done now with this enhanced blacklist and some other techniques.
Reed Hastings: You know if we see that there is probably so few of them, it’s not a big contributor to overall global piracy. Overall global piracy is a big problem and we’re working with all the content owners partially to be a great carats and also to have the other services like HBO and Amazon be great carats. And so we can work together on this antipiracy agenda.
Reed Hastings: You know I think the whole industry is working on these advanced version of H265 to be able to do very high quality in coding with small bit rates. And so YouTube has made great progress on that, we made great progress. So I think you know again people have been working on efficient video encoding for 50 years, it’s one of the classic computer science problem, so we are seeing good progress there, we are seeing a lot of progress on our algorithms and being able to rank videos for each person even that are being able to promote to the right person the right content, hopefully you are seeing some of that in your own experience where this is this Justin’s that is the billboard at the top of the page or more often you know very appropriate and something you are just dying to watch.
Reed Hastings: The minimums around half a megabit, so you know that’s been consistent in the past. It’s a fairly low quality picture, it’s around 700 or 800 kilobit to be able to do DVD quality.
Reed Hastings: Well it surprised me because I know so little about these things. When I met with the filmmakers and you know heard about the Murderer, sequence was interesting, but I thought it would be a specialty thing. I would say Ted and his team had that surprise, they always believed in this content.
Reed Hastings: Out of respect for one of our long time questioners and your colleague Rich Greenfield, who had a question about Charter and was a good, if Charter acquires TWC for the Internet industry OTT. I’ll answer proactively that I think it would be a tremendous positive for the OTT industry because Charter has agreed to a multiyear strong net neutrality policy something no one else has publically agreed to and that would cover not only the Charter footprint but the Time Warner cable footprint. And that means that we, Hulu, Amazon and others can compete on an open basis. And so it would be a huge step forward for U.S. policy in terms of OTT. Thank you all Peter, thank you Ben, we’ll talk to you again soon.
Ben Swinburne: Let me just ask you about the U.S. just to pick up on David’s comment with the next 50 million, so what are you doing as a management team maybe that’s head on the content side, what is your research telling about the people who actually don’t have Netflix today, what is there, some generous that’s not being addressed well enough, is there a distribution decision you guys need to make to go after that, what are you doing to maybe go after that other opportunity in the U.S. market.
Ben Swinburne: That being pleasantly surprised that shows that are not necessarily all in English are being embraced by U.S. audience just one of those things that has been rolling around in Hollywood for a long time that U.S. folks don’t watch subtitles.
Ben Swinburne: And then you should assume that that instruments are similar to the ones we’ve used in the past, we’ve been very happy with those.
Ted Sarandos: We’ve been on the trajectory accelerate original programming. I mentioned a couple weeks ago, we’re going to launch 600 hours of new original programming this year alone. So it is a function of as our budget continues to grow, as our subscriber base grows, we are licensing programming and we are creating programming. As a percentage of our spent, original spending is growing, but as an absolute there are licensing dollar are continuing to grow as well. And Fox is an important vendor for us just like the all are within we’re also a very important source of revenue for them.
Ted Sarandos: No, I think we’ve - the positives ever come for original spending have been tremendous in terms of our international growth, in terms of really distinguishing and differentiating Netflix from an explosion of our services.
Ted Sarandos: It’s a pretty expansive relationship already and then we have five seasons - five different series going in, we just announced yesterday that we are going to a second season of Jessica Jones. So when you look at those five series with multiple seasons plus the crossover season of the Defenders, it’s a huge commitment and we are all the way along the way, you are going to be introducing new characters who have the potential to spinoff and grow that relationship in further. So it’s very important for Marvel, it’s very important for Disney.
Ted Sarandos: Well what the reason we call that out is to acknowledge if there is a large volume of specifically if kids programming coming out when normally people think if Netflix’s original programming, they were thinking about our sophisticated dramas and adult comedies more so than our kids programming, but quietly but I am asking a very big selection of original kids programming at Netflix. Kidscreen magazine is what the Netflix’s number one outlet for kids programming on television which are really proud of. And that’s going to continue to grow and we just - we are also looking to grow categories like Fuller House which are programming that are watch together, parents watching - show that their kids love that they don’t just tolerate but they enjoy too, and it’s a real underserved market and that’s why we call that out specifically. And on the movie side, it was a great for a swing I think with Ridiculous Six and Beasts of No Nation. Beasts of No Nation is in the discussion about the Oscars didn’t quite make it there but picked up nominations in almost every other category, the viewing were thrilled with around the world and have been continued to be throughout and thus we expand a new territories both Ridiculous Six and Beasts of No Nation are watched in huge numbers in our new territory. So we’re really excited about and we’ve got an aggressive site in ‘16 to keep pushing on it.
Ted Sarandos: Yeah, I mean I think the order this is going to be doing something that doesn’t feel modernizing for the world that still feels like great programming for everybody. And then we’ve had tremendous success so far, I guess that would not goes primarily Spanish language sure working in countries they speak every different language and making it as Reed pointed out, in many parts of the world these kind of true detective documentaries are incredibly popular in Prime Time television. So we’re pleased to see these continue to be grow global generous. Where you asked about our suppliers and the confutation is probably overstated, but there is a lot of letter going around right now about how quickly and how aggressively people will license. It’s still a very competitive business. And then I think what happens is that people sell their programming to the highest bidder and if we are that bidder, we get the programming and if someone else is, they will get the programming. And that’s true today, that was true five years ago. So I think what’s happening now is we’re very pleased with the results of the original spend and not just driving it up, not fear are being cutoff on either end.
Ted Sarandos: No, the DreamWorks is not an output in the traditional sense meaning that we agree to a certain levels of programming but we work together and what that programming is going to be and developing those shows along with DreamWorks. And we’ve been thrilled with the results, those we took it to be into more territories and expanded the number of years of programming that will come through that deal because it’s been working great. And I think this in the CW deal that’s just in the process of negotiation, it’s not behind in any normal process. And as you know it’s a time on tradition to negotiate in the press, so you are seeing some of that for them and right I would say it’s just in the process of negotiation. You should also keep in mind that no matter what happens in the CW deal is the programming that’s currently there remains with us to run those series, so it’s not like we’re going to wake up one day without the programming. And we’d like to make that deal work, it’s great programming, we have a great relationship with CBS and Warner Brothers on that deal and we like to continue it.
Ted Sarandos: It might just be putting up a shining object to deflect, they talk about Netflix is sort of what’s going on their networks these days. But I really couldn’t tell you why, it was - NBC was a particular puzzle both mostly because they used as an example to show that produce for us to try to illustrate how what was and wasn’t working with data that didn’t feel very true to us, so it surprised everybody at NBC.
Ted Sarandos: Yeah, it had a - there is something very special about of it from the beginning. When it came to us it was seven years into making already and this is came to us over three years ago and recognize then even before making original docs that they had something really special on their hands. The surprises that you see it perform at the levels of script and series, even our best documentary series have done very, very well but not performed in such mainstream numbers.
Ted Sarandos: Yeah, I mean it’s on the continuing of expanding it anyway, so it was, it’s only our second documentary series we’ve - we started with Chef’s Table which is a very different show and the next documentary series are probably very different from “Making a Murderer” as well.
Ted Sarandos: Including - in fact it starts in a couple of weeks or just or this week, I am sorry Chelsea Handler and Chelsea Does will be our next documentary series.
Ted Sarandos: Well first of all I’d like thank them for endorsing our spending to talent. But the truth of it is the only reason we can in their own work and John’s own words have shock in outspending for a series is because we get shock in our viewing on that series that Dave expected that David said earlier, the efficiency of the content spend has been great meaning that we are spending a lot on great shows and they get a lot of yielding relating to licensed programmed or relative to other programming as well. So we’ve been excited about it as part of and I think it’s a competitive market place and overspending is relative, I would say if the show like “The Get Down” like “The Crown” which are relatively expensive shows are successful it’s money where spent the way was for “House of Cards” and “Orange Is the New Black”.
