Andy Silvernai: Mike, you’ve definitely hit it on the head here. You know the two of it that have been lingering are really mid-stream energy and dispensing. I would say from a mid-stream energy, we are definitely starting to see that alleviate, the entire market alleviate, which is obviously positive as we head into the fourth quarter and into next year, so I think that’s good news.  Dispensing, I would say the market trends haven’t changed from what we’ve talked about. The wins in the quarter and what I think will be wins next year are really driven by our actions. You know the wins at the two [DIY] [ph] that I talked about, those are things that we’ve been working on for an awful long time. You know we work on it constantly really and you know the large X-SMART order that we got are things that we’ve been you know working in our sales funnel for a long time.  But I don’t think the markets have changed. I think those will still be relatively flat as we think about you know the fourth quarter and going into next year. But broadly Mike, you’re right; things have continued to firm as I think through how this year has progressed and what I think is going to – 2015 is going to turn into unless we have some you know exogenous event. I think we’ll continue to see a firming of markets and some improvements, some momentum.
Andy Silvernai: I don’t think it’s changed very much. I think that as we move through this quarter, some larger capital spend, if you see good numbers I think you’ll start to see some improvement in large capital spend. But I think what’s going to play out here now are two things; number one, you know we’re seeing what I’ll call – you know they are definitely projects, but they are small projects. We’ve definitely seen improvement of that throughout this year.  I do think you’re going to start to see some larger stuff come into play as we get into ’15, as people are planning now for ’15, I think you’ll start to see – sorry, for ’18, ’15, God! I’m losing it. In ‘18 I think you’ll start to see some of those come into play. To be clear, we haven’t seen those in our work yet and so this is a belief of mine, but I think you will start to see that into ‘18 and importantly, distribution improving. The momentum in distribution is a good sign and we are seeing that across our portfolio. So you pick the business, distribution is getting better, which typically is a good overall indicator. 
Andy Silvernai: Well, you see them in a couple of places right. So FMT would be the biggest place you would see it. But then you also see it a little bit in Fire & Rescue, right. So the governments will release funds and you will start to see it in Rescue a little bit, but FMT mostly is where you would see that pop-up and also in MPT a little bit, right. You see some of the larger pharma projects in MPT. 
Andy Silvernai: So one is no. We are investing fully. I don’t think it’s going to drag down our incrementals. You know we have talked a lot about that 35% range that we believe we can achieve that even investing at the right kind of rate. If we wanted to pull back, obviously we can get some more. But we are going to fully fund it, the kind of rates that we are at and so I feel good about that. So I have a lot of confidence that we’ll continue to invest at the rates that we want to and need to and still provide attractive incrementals.  You know I think one of the important questions on this call is really around that margin profile and the fall through and I wanted to provide some clarity in my comments, but it’s a really important one, right, which is when you dig into that you say hey, what’s really happening at the operating level of the fall-through at IDEX. It’s a really good story. It’s between 35% and 40% for the quarter and you have some noise in there. You got the step-up, we sold a business last year, you got variable comp, there is a lot of pieces in there. But when you wash that through and you say what’s happening operating-to-operating, it’s a really good story. We are delivering exactly where we said we would at the levels of increased revenue. 
Andy Silvernai: Well remember we said last question, we said it was about $3 million and we said we’d get through about half of it, so we’d be at a run-rate of about $1.5 million and then we’d get rid of the rest of it as we get into the fourth quarter, and we actually experienced about $2 million versus $1.5 million, so it’s about $0.5 million less than we through. Part of it is site consolidation at MPT and then part of it is frankly the rate of growth within Life Sciences, right.  So that’s just been really strong and we’ve got a couple of sites that have – that struggle to meet demand. We’ve got our eyes on it. We know how to solve it. It just takes a little bit of time and we’d rather eat a little bit here than disappoint our customers. And so even with that we are able to deliver on the kind of flow-through that we are talking about. So you now obviously we get some of the stuff cleaned up and the underlying earnings power is pretty good. 
Andy Silvernai: So you got two things going on. One, you know last year our CFO moved on and we had some, you get some benefit from that, right. And then this year our variable comp, our bonus payments are going to be substantially higher because of the very strong performance that we’ve had this year. So you put those two things together and it’s not a small number right; literally it’s $6 million in the quarter, those two things together. So that’s why if you look at apples-to-apples and you say okay, lets wash this stuff out. If you take out that variable comp impact margins end up being up 110 basis points, op margins 110, and flow-through at north of 36%. 
Andy Silvernai: Well, you know we actually, we just finished our strat cycle and one of the things that we were really digging into is kind of the difference between you know kind of pharma earnings, pharma income right and cash income and those are two very different things right. And what you have seen happen here is you’ve actually seen cash income accelerate ahead of pharma income and we are seeing people reinvest, so that’s the principal driver.  And then you had two years that they were pretty tough, right. So you had this great run-up, you had two very tough years. So I think you are seeing a rebound generally from some latent activity that probably needed to happen, and you have an increase in cash income, and that’s showing up at the OEMs and at the distributors.
Andy Silvernai: Yeah, you are seeing more headcounts. You got – I’m not sure if this is a good thing or not, the government is growing. So you are seeing continued spend and continued employment and so generally these aren’t huge numbers, but they continue to be positive. 
Andy Silvernai: It’s not big, it’s not big Matt. it’s a couple of million and the benefits of this are you will get a little bit cost savings, it’s not a ton, but the benefits of this are really our ability to drive growth and productivity and modernize those facilities. These are the business where we are seeing Fluidics and Optics you know really come together, that strategy, that thesis we talked about for a long time. It allows us to expedite that and service the large OEMs that are out there that we have great partnerships with them. 
Andy Silvernai: So let me answer that in two ways. One I’ll just kind of talk about the funnel generally, which is again I’m sounded like a broken record, but it looks a lot like it’s going to historically look. There is nothing surprising in our funnel, either positively or negatively.  In terms of the stuff we are seeing right now, we are looking at some things right now that are absolutely actionable, there is no doubt and we are constantly in these discussions and we are in several discussion as we speak. The question becomes, can you get over the finish line and the biggest issue today of getting over the finish line is around valuation and so we have certainly seen valuations creep up, we’ve certainly seen some very aggressive bidders in the market place and we are, we are disciplined.  We know where it makes sense for us and our shareholders and if we have to choose between building cash and doing bad expensive deal, we’ll chose to build cash and eventually it will break our way. I think patience really pays off here with owning the kind of companies that are IDEX like companies, that you guys enjoy, that have real defensible models, our ability to drive incremental growth, our ability to expand margins and drive high returns on capital, and we are going to be patient. 
Andy Silvernai: You know I still think we have a long way to go Steve. You know we have come a long way, but it’s almost like you kind of peal back that layer and you find something else that’s interesting. And I think you know the early phases were eliminating a lot of waste, right, that was the first phase of eliminating a lot of waste, a lot of non-value added activity and getting people just focused, you know just on a handful on things.  The second phase was moving that more deeply into the customer, meaning that we were more present at the customer, more people, more spending and that’s kind of the phase that we are in now and that’s why you are hearing us talk so much more about new product development and it’s not that we were bad at new product development in the past. We’ve just – we’ve reached a new level where I think we are closer to our customers and we are choosing where we want to play in a much more focused and intense way frankly, right. We are putting more people in resources on a smaller handful or areas.  The next phase that we are going to move into here is really around how do we accelerate the different points of connections across IDEX and we are seeing that – if you see the different areas that work for us; so if you look at our integrated growth, so IDEX Health & Science building the center of excellence, right. We are now getting a scale in a handful of areas in Optics that are going to allow us to merge our Optics and Fluidics in this really unique value proposition as an example, that’s going to allow us to continue to growth that business faster.  What we did at MPT and bringing those businesses together, again we’ve gone and we found scale in places that we didn’t have scale before. So we now have more engineering resources to focus on really two markets, pharma and food, where we were all over the place before and we are able to double down on some of those things. So I think we are entering that phase now Steve, where we are finding more and frankly bigger opportunities because we are simply closer to the customer, the noise is lower and we are making some bigger bets. 
Andy Silvernai: You know I think our pricing power, our pricing equation is excellent and I think it will be excellent over time. You know historically we’ve done a really good job of getting half a point to a point of price, and then ultimately the delta, the difference between pricing and inflation, that’s been a really, that’s been a pretty constant number for us; that spread has been pretty constant.  You know one of the things that we have been experiencing in the last year is lower pricing and we are starting to see that inflation come up a bit and so we needed to make sure we stay ahead of that and we’ve done a good job with that. That has come down a little bit. That delta, that spread has come down a little bit, but I actually think that we’ll maintain our historical spread.  If anything, one of the things that this amount of segmentation does, and the amount of focus that we are talking about, it pushes you into businesses where you are likely to increase that spread, not decrease that spread. And so if I think long term, if I think three to five years from now, do I think we’ll still get the spread? Yes, I do. Do I think the probability of it being higher versus lower is better? I do Steve, and a lot of it comes down to playing in markets where we have a definitive advantage; where the mode is wider, the mode is deeper and we frankly have more ability to command price, because we bring tremendous value to those customers. 
Andy Silvernai: You know that tends to happen when you get off the technology curve. The places, the only places where you really see that as a risk right, and we obviously think a lot about it and when you look at the Life Science world, that’s a pretty consolidated world, and we are very mindful of that, and if you lose your technology development, then there would be a risk of that or if you start to play and say build the print sort of stuff, then you are in a difficult spot. But if you are working with them, you are building, you are consistently building your next level of technology you are in pretty good shape. 
Andy Silvernai: No real competitive dynamic changes and I wouldn’t say that you are starting to see – if I understand your question right, we are not getting a bunch of price there. What you are seeing is you are seeing the market come back in terms of capital spend around mobile kind of truck builds in the LPG mobile markets, that’s been the biggest so far. 
Andy Silvernai: Yeah, I think that they are healthy, right. So if you look at the expected spend; if you look at head count that we track, all those point in the right direction. 
Andy Silvernai: We expect to see it Charley, right. So we expect to see material and labor inflation as we get into ’18. It’s fully our view that that’s coming, and if anything I think that the expectations of it are low. I think we are in a very tight scenario, tighter than most people fully appreciate around the supply chain and around labor and that I think the light switch is going to happen. It’s going to be faster and it’s going to be brighter and that’s what we are playing for. So all of our work around productivity and all of our work around our outbound pricing is with that as a backdrop. 
Andy Silvernai: There is some that goes into ’18 but most of it goes into the fourth quarter. And if you think about it, what that means Charley is that our fourth quarter is plus or minus ratable of the third quarter, right, if you just kind of back into the numbers we gave you. It means that the third and the fourth quarter sequentially look flat. 
Andy Silvernai: Yeah, you know so I think we are targeting kind of 27 area plus or minus here in FMT. In terms of cost coming back materially there will be some, right. You know we’ve had a pretty strong rebound; we’ve got some double digit growers, and there are some places where in terms of more people capacity, it’s not plant and equipment but people capacity, we will do some of that, but it won’t get in the way of healthy incremental and so we will do that. We are going through our budgeting cycle now and there is nothing that’s shocking in any of that stuff so far, but there will be some ads that we got to do to make sure that we can keep up with the improvement. And then we should be able to deliver the kind of the incrementals you’d expect. 
Andy Silvernai: You know I actually, I haven’t looked at it like that, right, so kind of saying second half becomes first half. I think that’s probably a little too high. I have to look at how that actually layers out. But generally I think the way I would expect it is in terms of seasonality, I expect it to look like it historically looked like. I don’t think there is going to be any major bumps on the road you know.  US industrial production, the latest estimates right now are coming in at you know 2% to 2.5% plus or minus, right, and that’s going to be 50%, 60% of our businesses, and so as I think about what our underlying markets are likely to look like, that feels about right, if you look at it in the US and then on a global basis. And then obviously our goal is to beat that in a meaningful way. We’ve talked about our long term objective is how do you get 200 basis points better. And so as we go into the year, you should not expect out story to change. 
Andy Silvernai: Yeah, I think Joe what your really referencing tend to be the bigger iron commoditized products where people need incredible reach to get to their customers and they have service cycles that have a lot of intensity to them. And by the way, not very many skews and lots of volume. We don’t fit that model at all, right. We tend to be very nitchy. There is a lot of specification and customization that goes into working with the customer and so that mix and that customization tends to really become a barrier to entry for your classic sort of low cost, more commoditized pieces of business and how those competitors compete.  So we don’t see that a lot. I don’t expect to see that a lot. You see it around the edges, but you are going to see it much more with the folks that we compete with. We are not – and that’s right, we are in market where we don’t compete with, that are much more commoditized. That’s where I think that risk really stems from. 
Andy Silvernai: I think the underling markets are good as Bill referenced. You know we are talking kind of low since digits, but they are certainly not rolling over so they continue to robust and we are winning. We got some really good new product development that’s going into those markets and we are seeing strength. 
Andy Silvernai: It’s all the inefficiencies right. So the bulk of what we saw in the quarter happened for the whole company but they were in HST, it’s all tied to that. 
Andy Silvernai: That would be tough to do. Its – obviously -- I’ll do my best, I’ll do my best and Bill. So the industrial stuff, the cyclical stuff that’s picked up is going to be the highest right. So if you look at what’s happening in the industrial FMT that’s going to be the highest. Banjo and Ag is going to be strong, there is no doubt about that. They are going to be close and then you got water within FMT.  You go over to HST, obviously what we are seeing within Life Sciences is going to be strong. Sealing actually might even be a little bit better that than, but they are close, they are both in that double digit range, so those are doing well.  You know the Sealing story is a great story. That’s a place where we made multiple acquisitions, we built a platform, we made a greenfield investment in the US to penetrate the US market and we are really seeing some nice wins there. If you move over to you know to Diversified and BAND-IT has been really strong, right. BAND-IT has been strong and obviously found the dispensing business we had, nice order growth there in the quarter. But it’s hard to, if you were to look at every business, if you guys had access to that the signals across the portfolio are pretty good. 
Andy Silvernai: Oh yeah! We’ll definitely graduate some this year. As you know we’ve talked about the idea that you kind of get two years in that bucket and so I expect that we are going to graduate some folks out of that bucket this year. You know if we do any acquisitions, you know those obviously go into that automatically, but we continue to see nice margin expansion and frankly growth out of those businesses. You know it’s been unexpectedly strong. So the focus that we are doing there is both improving top line and improving the bottom line. 
Andy Silvernai: Yeah, one of the big wins for us has been in the lease custody transfer market which is called LACT, where our Viking business has – they are a new product development and really market development. They just had a great year and they won some really large chunks of businesses. In terms of talking about competitors specifically, I won’t get into that, but that’s been a big win for them. And then again if you look at what’s happened, you know kind of across our portfolio with the cyclical upturn of those businesses have done well. But specifically within the pumps businesses, LACT has been a big driver for us. 
Bill Grogan: And even in the businesses we’ve seen inflation spike a little bit this year, we’ve been able to go out in the third quarter proactively with incremental pricing to get ahead of it. So I think the businesses are well positioned to keep that spread as we move forward here over the next 12 to 24 months. 
Bill Grogan: Yeah, the surveys we’ve down with our metro markets show low single improvement over the next 12 months.
Bill Grogan: No, I mean we’ve seen some pockets in the more commodity based raw materials, but nothing material overall to the portfolio. I think I mentioned it a little bit earlier, I think in the areas of some of the industrial businesses where we have seen a little bit increase in the commodity prices we’ve been able to go out proactively with incremental price increases. So again, keeping ahead of that price cost curve. 
Joe Giordano: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. When I look at FMT, and we’ve seen a lot of people talk about aftermarket people servicing each other’s products and other cheaper low cost countries being able to produce things better now than they used to. I know your margin structure seems to less of an issue, but can you talk about how you look at your portfolio overall in that context like on a, like a continuous basis. 
Joe Giordano: Right, we are talking like of the 35% guide that you are like on a normalize basis. Do you mean that like a segment level or like a total…
Joe Giordano: Cool, I just wanted to clarify that. And then just last from me, your comments on muni I think we’re pretty clear. I guess we had some conflicting data points from our a few companies this morning. So the strength that you are seeing there, you are not seeing that as just an IDEX specific aspect or maybe you are outperforming a little bit and you think the underlying markets kind of that you are playing globally look pretty strong, are pretty consistent right now. 
