Eric Ashleman: Thank you, Allison, and good morning, everyone. I'm on Slide 6. I'd like to start with some key first quarter highlights. We delivered record sales with positive organic growth across all 3 of our segments, $2.09 adjusted earnings per share and strong free cash flow. Our FMT and FSD segments performed exceptionally well, both achieving record sales and strong profitability, offsetting some pressure in our HST segment. Price/cost was positive and above IDEX historical performance.  As we look ahead to Q2 and the balance of the year, our outlook has changed. The last time we spoke, we anticipated short-term volume pressures within life sciences from inventory calibration concentrated in a few select OEM customers. However, as we progressed through the quarter, we saw signals of a broader, more prolonged recalibration within our HST segment, largely centered in our analytical instrumentation, life science, pharma and semiconductor markets. End-market demand is still positive, but we believe our customers have sufficient inventory of our critical components to support their needs in the near term.  Over the past 2 years, we experienced robust growth in HST, with sales up over 30% organically to support strong end-user demand and customer-specific inventory replenishment. But as supply chain conditions improve and the broader demand profile normalizes, our OEM partners are aggressively attacking higher inventory levels, beginning with those suppliers that have demonstrated the quickest returns to pre-pandemic lead times. The sharp and simultaneous nature of this inventory recalibration exceeds all prior historical cycles.  In response, we proactively executed cost reductions to offset a portion of this volume impact. We tailored our approach to the specific challenges in individual businesses as well as broader discretionary costs across the entire company, managing through the short term but not losing focus on our longer-term growth path.  These top line challenges, net of our cost-containment plan, drive $0.25 of adjusted EPS headwind for the year. Therefore, as we noted in our press release, we revised our full year adjusted 2023 EPS guidance from $8.25 to $8.55. Bill will discuss the specifics in greater detail during our segment and guidance updates.  Regardless of these end-market challenges, we remain confident in our ability to deliver total shareholder returns over the long term. Our capital deployment plan remains consistent. We continue to look to M&A as a significant source of value creation. To that end, we announced our intent to acquire Iridian Spectral Technologies for CAD 150 million or approximately USD 111 million.  Iridian is a world leader in custom optical filter solutions serving the space, life science and telecommunications markets. Iridian expects fiscal 2023 revenues of CAD 36 million and EBITDA margin in the low-30s range. It is about a 13x EBITDA-trailing deal. And within the IDEX family of businesses, Iridian complements and expands upon the solutions provided by our Scientific Fluidics and Optics businesses within HST. This transaction is expected to close in the second quarter. Iridian will be our sixth acquisition since the beginning of 2021, and we remain bullish on our ability to deploy capital on high-quality assets irrespective of the macro conditions.  The integration of our Muon Group acquisition, which closed in fourth quarter 2022, is progressing well. We've deployed key elements of our operating model, and there continues to be a strong cultural fit between IDEX and Muon as our teams work together to unlock value between our businesses.  Finally, I traveled last week to India to officially open our second plant in the state of Gujarat. It is a world-class facility that effectively doubles our production capacity in the country. Coupled with the opening of our plant expansion in China in late 2022 and our recent commissioning of sales and logistics centers in Singapore and Dubai, we now have a strengthened footprint to attack markets across Asia and the Middle East, a key element of our growth strategy.  With that, I'll turn it over to Bill to discuss our financial results.
Eric Ashleman: Well, thanks, Deane. I mean I'd say a couple of things. One, as you'd expect, given the magnitude of some of the swings, I mean, the discussions and the intensity and the iteration of them with end customers and at all levels, commercial operations is probably at the highest level we've ever had.  And then I would say, as you look at the actual order intake, you can see some things firming up in the back half. So you can see actually kind of the same planning and methods that are pulling it down now are actually repositioning it a little further out in the later -- in the year, sorry.  And you're seeing that for the kind of standard products that we would usually gauge, that are kind of right down the middle of the volume fairway. So that's -- it deviates a little bit market for market, but I'd say, those 2 factors are probably the 2 that we're most reliant on as we think about that.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. So obviously, the most pronounced recalibration happening exactly in the area that we're talking about here in HST. As you look at the industrial side of it and in particular, kind of the day rate stuff right down the center of our fairway, first quarter held up really, really well. I mean business to business, I think we called out ag is the only one where we saw some similar dynamics of kind of inventory and things ready to go to plan.  I will say though, in more recent data here in April, some of those canaries that we often reference, you can see things pull back a little bit, and you can see them doing it together. So it is going to be something we'll watch. April is, for whatever reasons, never a real strong predictor for us. It firms up as we go through May and especially into June. But I will say you can see a little bit of that there in those businesses. In terms of just day rates, it's not a big drop, but the uniformity of it is interesting across a couple of weeks here most recently.  And when you kind of hold that up with some other things, some of which we do informally and others have done more formally around inventory positions of distributors and things like that, maybe you can see sort of the same comments, hold that up with the same feelings of uncertainty. So it's not a logic break in terms of how this might play out.  And let's remember, in our comments here last time, I mean, we actually have this positioned in our back half. So we have a bit of a glide path and then here, very recently, seeing some of the first signs of it.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. And a couple of the other FMT pump businesses and even more specifically, a couple of product lines we look at within and where we just know they tend to be ordered typically, 1 and 2 and 3, general replacement. The ones you mentioned, a few other places, but yes, they're the ones we often always look at when we talk to you.
Eric Ashleman: Well, it's -- these are the larger projects that we sometimes talk about here. I mean we have them in 2 places, and they're a little different. So I think they're more pronounced, more aggressive on the HST side in the markets that we're referencing here. So you can see some concern in places like MPT. We referenced those in the comments. But let's tie those to that sort of general macro story that Deane did a good job framing for us.  I think on the industrial side, I would just kind of come back and say, this -- the entirety of the cycle, it's not been a big piece of our story. I'll remind folks, in the beginning of the ramp-up post COVID, there was a lot of uncertainty there. Frankly, that turned into the inability to put those projects together, then as inflation came about, there was a repricing element that sort of prevented some of them from our side.  And now maybe we're drifting a bit more into uncertainty, too. So I'd argue it kind of held pretty [Technical Difficulty] quite positive for us, not really because of large projects, just that sort of general day-to-day business is doing real well.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean, holding up really, really well. KZ, just to remind people, brought a key piece of automation technology that, frankly, goes to the same customer set that we have in our Banjo business. They're very close by. So I mean this is a [Technical Difficulty]. And so we're working on the commercial side, the technical side and all of the pieces of the IDEX operating model. So really, really happy there.  The Nexsight business, reminder, there was -- they were kind of long channel partners, and there's a piece of software that came with that business we've long used as well. So many people have kind of associated this with IDEX for a number of years. So pretty seamless integration, expands our presence in depth. And then the water markets, as we referenced in the earlier comments and we'll say here, are doing well. There's good strong support for municipal projects, municipal work that I think will play out for quite a while. So yes, real favorable with those 2.
Eric Ashleman: I don't think so. I think largely, this is a story of coming off of a multi-period of really aggressive rates, both for us and our end customers. I mean I look at our segment. I mean HST was up 30% across 2 years. I think that tracks with a lot of the end markets where we are. And so a retraction or a pullback down to more typical rates in the single digits. Even if they're mid-single digits, it's pretty dramatic if, in fact, your thinking is changing in a relatively short time horizon.  So I think the single biggest variable for -- certainly for us as a component supplier into it is going to be levels of inventory [Technical Difficulty] taking it into different areas. So it's -- in some ways, it's doing math. It's math and rate of travel. It is different than we've seen before, but the preceding period in the run-up there was different as well. So I think we're all learning to do that together. And as I spoke earlier on the call, the need for even tighter alignment and iteration as we go through that to protect everybody is very important.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. No, it's a great question, Nathan. I mean in general, everything we make here is pretty customized for a very specific end use, if not a specific single customer. And in the area that we're talking about in the health science world, I mean, that absolutely happens. These are spec-ed in components. They don't travel East and West.  When we're more generally talking about an IDEX, though, FMT in that segment, FSD as well, you've got a channel between us and all of these fragmented end markets, which are at much lower volumes. And so no single one of them is going to tend to raise its head up at any one point. So that -- the comment generally holds there.  And while it's specific customized here, this is a highly concentrated customer set, and it's a super direct transaction. So if you chose to do it, and they don't often do it and this is a bit unprecedented, but if you chose to do it that way, you could put mission-critical components down that you know you're going to use because they're the most high-running parts that you have in the system, even though they are absolutely customized for that customer only.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Well, I think in energy specific, remember that we largely do mobile custody transfer there. So there's a little bit of an overhang as the industry gets healthier and price support are out there. You're going to get some general tailwinds for CapEx spend. More specifically for us, though, we do a lot in mobile applications, a lot of which depends upon chassis availability.  That's been -- that was highly constrained for a couple of years. That's freed up as a lot of other supply chains have, and some of it is just captive demand at a good and favorable time in the environment, that -- something like that, a micro story like that actually matters for us.  On the chemical side, we've seen strength in China, specifically, with our Richter business. I think some of that is probably also related to the fact the country was kind of locked down for a while. There are some investments that have to be made. We're super well positioned there. We'll see how that plays out longer term. And actually, Europe in the chemical side, which is an area of concern and was pretty depressed as well for a bunch of reasons we've talked about, that was actually pretty strong for us as well.  So it's these little pockets that kind of play out in typical IDEX fashion that goes from big to small stories here. But I would say, generally, we're still following others out there that are larger. So not a massive component of project spend or multi-period expansion here, but more micro events and things. And otherwise, markets, I think, are doing pretty well.
Eric Ashleman: Yes, sure. So the -- I mean the Iridian business, I mean, it's -- as we said in the release, it's a leading designer and manufacturer of thin film, multilayer optical filters. We do that in a lot of other places within IDEX, both in our optical technologies segment and some of it embedded into the life sciences platforms as well.  So I think honestly, the size of this business is pretty typical for how we specialize technology of this type, it's kind of an ideal unit of measure, if you will. So think of it as a puzzle piece of technology that goes well with other pieces that we have. And honestly, the 3 primary segments here, we attack from a whole bunch of different places in IDEX, not all of them, just in optics and technology. So space broadband, super complementary to some other things we've talked about along the way in a great market.  The life sciences place side of it is probably intuitive. I mean we do other coatings here. Their technology is a little bit different. And so it fits in, in a way that we were -- we've been looking for, for a while. And then there's a telecom piece that's involved with 5G rollout and game filters and things like that. So it's the kind of work we know how to do. The other piece of this is their coding capacity then, when aligned with other pockets of coding capacity we have across IDEX, you can start to think of this as an aggregation and think of how you might move capacity around on what's now becoming quite a bit of mass and a very important job to do.  So it's a just really, really nice fit. We've known a lot of the folks associated with businesses like this for a number of years. So it's right in our universe, proprietary transactions. Super happy to have it here.
Eric Ashleman: Yes, sure. So price is a big part of our value capture across our portfolio balancing, hey, we have differentiated products and making sure we capture that value from our customers. Obviously, last year, from an inflationary perspective, we were hitting an all-time high. So we had ramped our price pretty significantly as we went through, I think, topping off close to 5% last year.  This year, we guided about 4%. We're on track for that. That's a combination of new price increases that we've launched here throughout the first quarter and then carryover pricing from actions we took throughout last year.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. Look, I think so far, it's very in line with what we had played out in our -- for the year, the planning for it. So remember, we the softening in the back half on the industrial side. We're saying here, this might be some early indications that it will come to fruition. And so in those businesses, we've already made and lined up the discretionary cost reductions and some thought and care around any additions we might make in a way that's completely in line with what we had originally said.  The targeted actions that we spoke about related to the HST destocking phenomenon, those are pretty targeted actions within those businesses. So this is where the -- if you will, the portfolio nature of IDEX really helps us. We can treat these in kind of a differentiated way and occasionally come together on just smart investments around travel and other discretionary things and just do it well as a team.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. No, it's a good question. I mean look, if you kind of get it right down to the way that inventory replenishment is done, obviously, your future projections and your assumptions around lead time drive almost all of your requirements. And so in hindsight, now you can view this and think, well, there must have been irrationality there, but I don't think that's actually the case. I think if you are projecting a line in a certain way, and you've been experiencing delivery patterns, not just for us, but for others at a certain level, it's going to say, you need a lot of stuff.  I think part of what's changed here and maybe changed most dramatically is you have kind of a simultaneous -- well, first of all, the calendar change, funny as it sounds, that always tends to bring a different headset. And I think there's some legitimate things out there kind of from a macro perspective that people are wondering about. We're further away from COVID. We're starting to see some pullback in biopharma spending. We have some funding crisis associated with start-ups and things in biopharma places.  So the minute you interject that back into the equation, you potentially go change your assumption on long-term demand, it actually has a pretty striking effect on what you should be bringing in. Now you combine that with the fact that we execute really well, so our lead times and our customer set, returning quickly back to normal, you put those 2 things together, even an automated system is going to say, "Hey, you've probably got too much here."  So back to your point on learnings and things like that. First of all, we're not typically seeing cycles of this magnitude, these kind of swings. But to be fair, maybe in the world to come as we see, and it seems like there's always another chapter around the corner. So I do take your point. And I think higher iteration, really coming together and understanding long-term projections being maybe potentially more transparent with where we are in terms of lead time performance, customer set, making sure that, that's exactly understood not just today, but tomorrow as we move through cycles and swings like this, I think those would be the kind of things that our teams are talking about at both the commercial and the operational level.
Eric Ashleman: Yes, I mean, I think this is about the pattern that you would expect at some point. I would say, look, this is pretty recent. April, as I said, is often a kind of an interesting month of transition as you move into the spring. So we'll see.  But we're always looking for a slight step down one way or the other, and then uniformity. Because I think that's where, again, the portfolio nature of IDEX comes into play. We're able to kind of see it across a variety of end markets simultaneously, all of which have kind of the same sort of short order fulfillment patterns that have long been known to people.  So when they tend to move in concert with each other, either positively or negatively, it's at least worth looking at and taking a signal. I would say this is a small drop. It is uniform in nature, but that is exactly what we would have probably expected and I think is modeled in ultimately in the back end. And we'll obviously continue to monitor it and talk to you and others about it as we get -- roll through and finish the second quarter.
Eric Ashleman: Thanks so much. I apologize, I know we've had some glitches with the technology. Maybe we'll need to put more filters to work on telecommunications.  First of all, I want to thank the IDEX employees. I know there's always some listening in on the call. Very, very strong quarter. You've continued to really perform for the business and for our customers. Thanks to others on the call for your interest and support in the company.  Bottom line here, we knew 2023 was going to be a year of recalibration moving from one state of the world to another. It's playing out more dynamically than we initially suspected in the HST side. But as you can see, we're executing through it. We're taking the appropriate responses in the business.  And I think most importantly, we ultimately believe in the long-term success and outgrowth in those markets. We're talking about coming down from highs to something that's actually pretty typical, but absolutely advantaged. We think it's going to continue that way and then accelerate for years to come.  So through all of these dynamic swings over the last 3 years, I'm really proud of the fact that we've executed well, and we certainly stepped up our capital deployment, really happy to announce the sixth transaction since the beginning of '21 with Iridian, doubled our emerging markets footprint and capability set and continue to strengthen a really unique culture as we've done it.  So we're built for the long haul here. We're confident that we're going to perform and deliver value throughout. And I look forward to updating everybody along the way as the -- in the year to come and the years in the future play out for IDEX. Thank you.
William Grogan: And I'd just add is our guide. On the low end, we have kind of that HST recovery only up about 1% sequentially from the first half to the second half. And then on the high side, a 7%. So reasonable range relative to the things that Eric just highlighted.
William Grogan: No, no. We did. In our updated guide, the implied organic revenue for HST is negative low single digits, and for FMT and FSD, positive low single digits.
William Grogan: No. Exactly. I mean, it's been our stance as we came into the year with an expectation that the industrials were going to start to fall off in the back half of the year. We saw strength in the first quarter. We knew what our backlog positions were. And Eric just highlighted some of the caution we're seeing in our daily book and ship order rates that I think just give us more confidence in our call that the back half will be softer for those businesses, down a couple of percent on the volume side as we progress over the next quarter or 2 -- post the second quarter, still positive there, yes.
William Grogan: Yes. And KZ, their mix of business is much more concentrated towards OEM. So they're not seeing some of the inventory issues that Banjo is.
William Grogan: Yes. I think the biggest driver, Nathan, is the mix impact. Some of the volume decreases we've seen are our highest margin product portfolio in the business that has somewhat offset that to keep the business positive from an organic perspective. And then with the overall segment being positive, there are still some pockets that were negative that caused us to deleverage on some of the fixed cost side.
William Grogan: No, no, relative to our backlog position. We will be negative in HST in the second quarter, but kind of low single digits. And then remember, the second half of this year is significant -- or the second half of last year was significantly higher. So we'll have a little bit of comp problems that will keep HST either flattish or slightly negative for the balance of the year.
William Grogan: And I think the other thing is on the Energy business, they've launched a couple of new products that have been very well received in the end marketplace. And then we talk about businesses that they had some differentiation relative to their ability to have inventory to supply their customer base. I think a couple of businesses within our valve that mostly sell into the chemical market have been well positioned relative to the inventory that they've carried to take some share from their customers.
William Grogan: No. I mean the only thing of note, it was small, it was a couple of million dollars. Just as we got Nexsight on our normal accounting procedure, they picked up a couple of weeks of incremental revenue, but it was a $2 million, $3 million type of deal.
William Grogan: Sure. I mean we haven't disclosed exactly other than it's at -- it will be at the high end of HST growth on a normalized basis. Before we bought them, they had been a double-digit compounder. So really successful with their growth trajectory historically, and we continue to see that here as they progress in the high single digits.  From an EPS perspective, I'd refer you to our annual guide. We didn't break out the individual pieces, but I think incrementally this year, we said $0.43 for Muon, the carryover for Nexsight and KZ, net of the divestiture of Knight.
William Grogan: [Technical Difficulty] million on the onetime order or the blanket that we received last year. So that was a couple of percent of the 23%. The balance is a lot of the market factors that Eric highlighted.
