Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Bill. I'm on slide 14 folks. As I mentioned last quarter, we believe we will continue to operate in challenging environment. We do not anticipate the economic recovery from this unprecedented situation will be a straight line, and we expect that we will continue to see certain markets remain challenged, while others bounce back more quickly. The strength is in our business model and our people, and we will continue to make prudent decisions to navigate the environment effectively. We feel strongly that the actions we've taken to position in the company to weather the existing environment, but as importantly to rebound strongly as we come out of the other side. We remain well-structured from an operational, talent and financial perspective, but we acknowledged the challenges that we'll face across all of our business units, and we expect that the revenue in the third quarter will be down 12% to 17% organically. While we expect modest sequential growth from some markets that have started to recover, we know that some other markets will continue to be challenged. We're focused on balancing the need to take responsible cost control actions, while investing in areas that will allow us to recover quickly. We look forward to additional ways to play offense and deploy solutions that help in the fight and provide opportunities for us to generate long-term growth. To conclude, I'm extremely proud of how our employees have responded to this crisis. The teamwork that has been displayed as we rolled out evolving safety protocols responded quickly to volatile market conditions and ultimately deliver critical solutions for our customers is a testament to the mission and the values of our company and the great people who are central to the IDEX difference. While we have started to learn how to live and operate in this new world, there'll be further challenges that we face in the coming months. From what I've seen from our team, I have no doubt that we'll continue to meet and overcome these challenges as they come. With that, let me pause here, Melissa, and turn it over for questions.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Mike. So, Mike, let me call it -- I'll break this into two parts to that answer. Let me tackle the short-term piece. So, let’s take -- maybe kind of three parts, what's happening right now, what we expect the rest of the year, and as best you can starting to think a little bit about 2021 and the ultimate recovery. Look, short term, July has continued to improve, which is a good sign. So, we did all of our operating reviews here over the last week or so. And I would say pretty consistently across our businesses, we are seeing sequential improvement and that's what gives us confidence to believe that we did hit the bottom in May. You heard Bill talk about sequentially kind of what this looked like, and July is looking a lot like June, maybe even a little bit better than that. And so, barring another kind of global shutdown and/or major issues with this surge that we're seeing, I think we can expect to see this sequential improvement through the balance of the year. And I would guess that when we're talking 90 days from now, we're talking about guidance in the single digit to low-double-digit range on the top line. That's what I'm hopeful for, Mike. But to be clear, that is all with a big caveat of what's happening in the surge in the United States. And also we're seeing really what is a tragic situation in many parts of the emerging world. So, there is a big caveat around all of this. In terms of the longer-term recovery, I'm still very much where I have been since we talked in March on your conference call. And that said, we are going to be in bumpy territory until there is a vaccine. I really do believe that. Obviously, we're pretty close to some of the work that's being done here in our HST segment in particular. I think the news that is out there is good news on what we're seeing relative to the vaccine. But I think we're all learning real time that number one, these vaccines may not be effective. They may take longer -- I would say very optimistic scenarios that are out there right now, and the virus can mutate. And so, our current thinking is very much around, you start to see sequential improvement through the third and the fourth quarter, and I would expect the first quarter, and then you assume you get a vaccine sometime in the first part of the year that gets deployed throughout, I think that's when you start to see a much more aggressive acceleration.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So, at a high level, it really is all about staying very close to your knitting. It's pretty hard to do a deal in this environment with something that is an adjacency that you don't know very well. And the reason for that is diligence is just a lot more challenging. We're involved in diligence in a couple of different deals right now. And one is a European based business. One is, is in the U.S. And you just -- it's just not like it was six months ago, you can't kind of physically get out there and do the stuff that you need to do in the way that you have in the past. And so, you've got to know your markets really well, and you've got to know the essential structure of that business and what you can do with that business pretty intimately in this environment. So that's kind of a high level. What we've seen here in the past 60 days is simply more deal flow. More -- people who we've talked to for years and years and years, and we've had relationships with been cultivating, there's more conversation to be had. If you recall one of the questions that was -- I was asked back, I think, on our last call was, how do you get confident? And I said, when you start to feel solid ground around cash flow, and I feel really good about understanding the trajectory of our cash flows. Obviously, we had a phenomenal cash flow quarter. We will get some benefit of more deleveraging in third and fourth quarter with inventory. And so, now I just -- I feel very, very good about our underlying cash flows. And then, therefore, our ability to predict what a business that is similar to us is going to do with these underlying cash flows. 
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So, let me answer that in two ways. So, first, we slowed down -- we suspended buybacks in the middle of the quarter or the beginning of the quarter, really. We bought pretty aggressively early on as the stock went down and then, with the -- just incredible uncertainty, we paused it. We did have 10b5-1 in place in the second quarter. And so, we're open to repurchase shares. So, that is -- there's no doubt about it. And we have plenty of both capital availability and authorization from our Board. So, we can do it there. As always Mike, we would much prefer to acquire, right? It builds a business strategically, allows us to compound capital. It creates opportunity for our people. And so that always remains the highest priority after fully funding our business. And so, we're going to continue to push there. Prices have basically remained the same for the most part. And so, the trade off in interest rates and some drop in cash flows because of the pandemic are kind of effectively balancing each other out in terms of valuation. And so, from an overall value perspective, we're kind of where we were six months ago.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah, you bet. You bet. So, if you -- the way to think about this is from a playbook perspective, as you recall, we go into any given year with really a battle plan of what you do on the downside, right? So, you're building a contingency plan. And we executed on that. We viewed 2020 as having a relatively high likelihood for a mild recession, right? That's where we were in the fourth quarter of last year. And so we took $15 million to $20 million of actions. And you can see that sitting in that next line over FY 2019 cost actions, that's the $5 million that we got in the quarter around that. And then as you start moving over, we laid out for people a plan or scenario as things got really ugly at the end of last quarter, we laid that out saying, Hey, your business went down as much as 35%, there was $120 million of costs, that we could go after, call it discretionary or variable cost that we could go after, which obviously was very aggressive. And unfortunately got misinterpreted if we were going to execute that. And we had to clarify that with some people. And then another $40 million of call it breaks the glass, right? And so, as you start to move over to the right, we did execute about half of that discretionary. So, that's the $15 million that you got in the quarter. And then you keep moving over to the right end. We obviously -- a good mix of price productivity and acquisitions. And then we also decided, Deane, that we have number of businesses that we think are going to be challenged for considerably -- structurally the business is now different. And we did some incremental restructuring in the quarter. What I would tell you right now is there's a little bit left to do in the third quarter, based on where we are today. It's not a time, it's a little bit. And then assuming that the bottom doesn't fall out. We're in a very good spot right now. We don't have more to do, but we can, right? We've got -- we still got another half of that discretionary that we talked about, that's available. And that $40 million of break the glass, so to speak, we are doing a little bit of that in some businesses, but that is not ubiquitous across the IDEX.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So the answer to your first question is yes and yes. Or A question and question B, it's yes and yes. 
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. Yes. There is -- that is definitely happening to a degree. I think it's going to be slower than a lot of people think. It's not easy just to pick everything up. But we absolutely will play as that trend continues. And there will be certainly along some of the more sensitive areas. There's no doubt that that's happening. And we will benefit from that particularly in AI and our -- in our material process business, it will play a big role in that. And then to some degree in our analytical instrumentation and life sciences business.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah, sure. So, if you look at the geographic breakdown, the U.S. was a little bit worse. Europe was kind of right on, and an Asia was better. China was actually positive for the quarter, which was a good sign, but we really got hammered in India because it fundamentally just went to zero, right? I mean, there was some sales, but there was such a massive shutdown in India. And those are really the big markets that matter for us. In terms of how things flowed that -- those numbers that Bill gave you around the months that was pretty consistent around the world with what I would say is Asia getting better or China rather than getting better, faster. So that was kind of one anomaly relative to the other data. But then everything really has followed the reopening. So, as you've seen reopening, you've seen improvement as you've seen shutdowns. You've seen business follow suit very, very closely, so that that's kind of the best forward run to what's going to happen to a business is what's happening relative to -- business getting back to business or things being aggressively shutdown.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So, we've got some things that I'm going to call, they're not particularly high beta and we know how to do them today, meaning there's an application and we know how to do it. So, I'll give you an example in spraying technologies and compressors or in the continued global ventilator build-up, our gas business is playing in there. Those are pieces of business that are that are kind of happening today. And are -- you can see the path going forward. They may come down, but you know how to do it and the businesses is there. And those are the things that are in the -- those are over $10 million total that you're seeing, right? So, those are the kind of -- that's the kind of size we're talking about. These are big overall programs that are hitting and are very attractive. Then you've got some things, Matt, that are a lot more -- that a much higher beta. So, we are doing a bunch of work on some revolutionary testing protocols where we have some really interesting technology and a lot of money is flowing from the outside towards these things. And what I would say is they're either going to be very big, we're talking tens of millions or the technologies don't work and they don't turn into anything. So, there's just a -- there's a lot more volatility around new technologies that we're playing in kind of where the end market goes, how quickly does global testing capability ramp up? Because when you think about testing capability, it's not just COVID testing that we're talking about. There's a -- our thesis and I believe this is correct, as you're going to see a reset of global testing capacity, because you're going to -- no one wants to get caught with this again. And so, I think you're going to see a multiyear build-up of testing capacity. So, two very different types of things, but you're talking in the tens of millions depending upon the success in the commercial markets.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So, I think a couple of things that regard, Allison. The first thing I'd say is I'm going to make a general statement, so not around any specific business, is our ability to work at a distance that we've just all proven that out, right? And I don't like the concept of everyone thinking that we should all work remotely from now. And I think that's a horrible idea. But the ability to intimately work with customers and suppliers at a distance with -- I would say, equal or better outcomes, is I think is going to change a lot of things. I think our ability to understand our customer better and at a more frequent clip, with the comfort level that everyone has now built with technology, I think that's actually a really big deal. And it's important for our business like ours, that so application centric, so the ability to understand the problem, the ability to serve, the ability to problem fix in vitro, I think that's actually pretty important. So, that's a big one. Second, I would say is, the blessing in the curse at times of an IDEX, right, are these very, very high contribution margins. And we love them and we don't want to -- we obviously don't want to give them up. But I think our ability to make some things more variable is important, Right? And so, I think in some of our businesses where the fixed cost is wonderful when you're ramping boy, when it turns the other way it can get painful. So, you've got a few businesses out there that I think over time, we're going to do -- want to do more work on can you make things more variable? Then I guess, I think maybe the last thing I'd say is, is I think everyone has been surprised or at least we have been surprised at what you think is fixed and what you think is variable. It's a lot more flexible than maybe people had their head around. And if you just told me a year ago that we could do what we've done with our cost structure, I'm not sure I would have believed it Allison, to be candid with you. And I think we've demonstrated to ourselves our ability to do that. And I think going forward, how do you keep those lessons learned, and make sure that we have as dynamic a P&L and balance sheet as we can both on the upside and the downside.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So, I think -- look, if you went back and looked at the financial crisis from 12 years ago, the municipal businesses held up well, and then 18 months or so later you saw the suffering. And I think -- I don't think it's going to take 18 months this time because I think everybody has learned how to react more quickly. And I do expect there to be a whole around municipal budgets, globally. And then I think what will happen is you are likely to get a -- some kind of step in, in terms of federal funding again -- or sovereign funding from governments because some of the stuff that's being delayed right now, because they're moving people and money to COVID related things, it's going to create actually a demand hole going into -- excuse me -- it's going to create a hole that you're going to have to fill with demand next year. And so, there's a little bit of compound and it's going to happen here. So, I do think that it will be -- I do think you'll see a hole here over the next 12 to 24 months. I think it's likely that you'll have some level of federal funding that will step in. But I think either way there will be a negative comp as you think about the next year or two.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. The answer to this question is really straightforward, Nathan. I think to be at the bottom end of that means that the negative 17, it would have to -- they have to look like this past quarter effectively, right, in terms of how that bumped along. And to be better than the 12, which obviously I don't see right now because we just -- there's no evidence to that. And we did take down backlog in the quarter. I think you'd have to see more sequential improvement. That's why that 12 to 17 feels -- really feels right. But I can see a scenario -- there's a potential scenario with that gets a little bit better. And less the scenario where it gets worse and it's worse than the 17 is we get a massive shutdown. And one of the things to keep in mind here also is you're seeing a surge in cases in the U.S. Obviously, Europe has done significantly better at managing this than the U.S. has. So, there's a lot of uncertainty there. And then, frankly, this presidential election is just starting to kick off. And I think it's -- it brings an awful lot of uncertainty into the world. And so, this is probably going to be the nastiest presidential election in that we've seen in our modern history. And it's going to cause an awful lot of volatility that I'm concerned about that. So, those are two things that could make it worse. But I don't see that at this point. I don't see it worse than the 17.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So, you remember when we gave that guidance, the world was just starting to unwind. And frankly, it was very hard to understand what that downside could be. We felt like we could very easily understand what it took to get to 15. We felt like it was very hard to understand what was coming relative to the low end of those expectations. So, it was -- we were definitely in a world 90 days ago that our ability to call the top line was significantly worse than our ability right now. There's still volatility in our businesses, but you are seeing -- if you look across our key industrial businesses, you are seeing the flattening of the order rates, which is a great sign. As you know, we keep a very close watch on our short cycle businesses. They tend to tell us a lot. The volatility that existed 90 days ago has definitely come down substantially in day rates.  And so, we feel a lot better around calling this range. So, we had a 10 point range at the end of last quarter, and we've now shrunk that down to a five point range. And typically, right, we're a two point range, one to two. And so, I think our ability to call things is getting much better and assuming that this trend continues and we don't get a massive disruption, I think you'll see us be able to keep tightening that range as we get 90 days from now.
Andy Silvernail: Well, look, here a couple of things. We have a one and a half data points, meaning we have the month of June and we have part of July for things sequentially getting better. And I think that if what we're seeing right now holds that negative 12 feels right, right? So -- and that would be sequentially better. If -- the downside, the 17 is -- if you see some kind of significant issue around, again, the surge that we're seeing in the United States, just remember the actual numbers are worse today than they were when we were all panicked, right? The actual data is worse and -- in the United States in particular. And we're now just starting to see the effects in the emerging world. So the 17 is basically saying that things backslide substantially and they -- and they look like they actually did in the second quarter. Now, remember when we were sitting here at 90 days ago, none of us had any idea what the real downside scenario was. And I do feel like we've been able to bracket that and understand that in a much better way, Scott, that gives me confidence in that 12 to 17. I have a lot more confidence in the 12 to 17 than I did in the 15 to 25. A lot more confidence.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. So I think -- look, the things that have the most volatility and then right now are in FMT and diversified. And so the -- if you look at where the negative volatility has been, it's really been dominated around general industrial and then things that are touching transportation effectively, right, and oil and gas obviously, we -- that's kind of a different animal exacerbated by all of this. I think that the general industrial bottoming and starting to improve is what would drive a better outcome. And I would also say that is the most vulnerable to a second downtick. So, there's going to be the most volatility around industrial, chemical. Those two stand out to me.  And then I'd put dispensing, if you go over to Fire & Safety, dispensing and automotive, and dispensing is a little bit different animal, because there's actually something interesting happening there, which is on the consumer side of dispensing that business is actually booming, meaning that if you look at the big box retailers and the folks who are selling paint, that business is actually booming, but they're just not buying, because they're pushing up their capital spend. Where I would say on the industrial side, it's actually -- it's more correlated with what's actually happening in the markets. But you could definitely see a meaningful uptick in dispensing if people get more confidence. And then certainly around transportation, auto is starting to come back, which is a great sign. Clearly, aerospace is a different issue in our BAND-IT business, which is great mix for us, has had some negatives relative to transportation, specifically aerospace.
Andy Silvernail: You're taking out is the fundamental fixed cost of the business, which is facilities and people, right? That is a -- that's a really big number. And just to give you a sense of it, right, when we laid out the $15 million to $20 million last year, that was a sizeable number and meaningful, but again, kind of structured around a -- what we thought might be a mild recession. But to give you some sense of it in 2008, 2009, Bill, I can't remember -- I want to say we took out $40 million total during that…
Andy Silvernail: Yeah. If you just kind of look at the general math, what I would say is that the -- when you balance off the cash earnings decline that we're seeing in target relative to the drop in interest rates, when you actually kind of do the math on valuations, it actually neutralizes pretty close, Robert, with some gap to an increase in an aggregate valuation on a cash flow basis, a little bit. But they do offset pretty closely. So, look, people have not changed their expectations on valuation that has definitely not happened. The down stroke was too brief. The public markets came back so aggressively that private sellers -- they tend to build their expectations off of public markets. And so, at least anyone who's sophisticated. And so, look, the valuation expectations have stayed elevated. 
Andy Silvernail: Thank you very much. Well, thank you everybody for your time here and your patients and understanding what's happening in the world. Obviously, we're all experiencing this together. And two things that I asked you to kind of take away. Number one, the mission of this company and the values of this company have been tested. And I think everybody has been tested. And I am just incredibly proud of how all the people across IDEX have responded to this. They have responded with compassion. They have responded with action. They have responded with discipline and prudence. And it's just -- it really warms your heart as a leader to see those values, not only stick, but deepen in a moment like this. Second, back -- over the last few years, I've talked about what happens to a company like ours in difficult times. And one of the things that I have been very proud about is that our ability to maintain cash earnings in difficult times. I have always claimed that that's something that we could do certainly over a shorter period, say a given year. And I think what you see here in the second quarter is exactly that, right? We had an incredible cash flow performance. And if you think of it as from a cash, EPS standpoint, that's really impressive. And as we go through the rest of the year, obviously, we won't have the same opportunity with AR that we had here in the last quarter, but we will with inventory. And I expect us when we look back on this year, obviously, we'll all think about this and the difficulty that we had. But I think it will show once again, the durability of a company like IDEX and the business model that this company has. And I think it’s really something else. And I'm really -- it's a pleasure for me to have the ability to lead this business. So, with that, I'll thank you all for attending and look forward to talking to you all here over the next 90 days. Take care.
Deane Dray: Andy, if you think back like a year and a half ago, we had investor meetings with you and we talked about what the playbook was in a normal recession. 
Deane Dray: So, like -- clearly, this is anything, but normal. But there's still a playbook that you're running and maybe just want to refresh us on this. So, when I look on slide 12, this is very telling, but just you could amplify a couple points for us. We see the part you cannot control and that's the near-term organic volume and we see what that dropped through is. Now, to the right, we get the total flow through after all of your cost cutting and there's a lot of strategy and what you're going to cut and how you're going to cut. So, the first question is -- that to the far right, the total flow through, is that an outcome or is that a target? So, that's -- and as you answer the question, addressed that. And then where are we in terms of how deep will you cut? How much of a growth opportunity are you protecting on the other side of this? Maybe we can start there.
Deane Dray: That's real helpful. And if I can switch gears and go back to the side on the microfluidics. For a second there, I thought I was in a Danaher conference call. So just a couple of questions. 
Nathan Jones: I'd like to go back to slide 12 as well. And I'm going to ask you a few questions about what that might look like when we change it to Q3. Your FY 2019 cost actions should still have five on that bar.
Nathan Jones: Got it. And then, the price productivity and make should be roughly the same. Maybe it's a little lower. I mean, I know you've talked about maybe less than a point of price this year, so maybe that's four or five, something like that. And then we have other 2.5 from the structural cost actions that you've taken in 2Q.
Nathan Jones: Okay. Then the next question I wanted to ask is on this overall like 12 to 17 organic guide. Clearly, you had the lowest order number in May. You turn your inventory about every six weeks. So, you should have basically worked through that already. If not -- in the early part of July you go to 3.8 year comp year-over-year, we've talked about things getting sequentially a little bit better. Maybe you can talk about what would have to happen to be at the low end at that 17, that would seem to be -- you'd have to say some kind of disruption in supply chains or shutdowns or something like that to be at minus 17. And maybe what you would need to say in order to get better than that minus 12. Because it looks to me at the moment, like you should be trending at least towards the better end of that range rather than the worst end.
Bill Grogan: The only thing I'd add to that, I think there was a -- there's the commercial variability, but then there was the unknown operational uptime and supply chain uptime where I think we got more comfortable with those two aspects that helped us narrow the range. And the things that Andy identified as potential risks within the quarter, kind of give us the range that we have now.
Bill Grogan: Well, I mean, it's compounding on $20 million of actions we took in Q4. So, if you look at that total bucket, that'd be $60 million.
Bill Grogan: Yeah. I mean, again, the discretionary will ramp down as sales improve. So that would assume kind of the current run rate revenue decline.
