Eric Ashleman: Thanks, Bill. I'm on the final slide, Slide 13. Before we open the call up for questions, I'd like to wrap up with a summary of our most critical 2022 focus areas. In an environment characterized by uncertainty and disruption, it's important not to lose sight of who we are as a company. First and foremost, we are a portfolio of great businesses that leverage 8020 with an obsessive focus to serve our customers. We refer to that simple model as the IDEX difference. We're committed to navigating the challenges of the short-term landscape, but remain focused on the longer term. We must continue to utilize our 8020 toolkits to create efficient, innovative, value-creating businesses. In a world with this level of variability, the simpler you are, the more successful you will be. We remain committed to investing in the resources needed so our businesses are poised to take advantage of the growth potential in front of us. We are a company committed to its core values and we'll continue to develop top-performing teams as part of an inspiring company culture. Diversity, equity, and inclusion continues to be an area of focus, creating environments where people feel they belong and are comfortable bringing their true selves to work every day.  Our strong operating cash flow and balance sheet put us in a great position to continue to put capital to work, and we've already identified several high return organic investment opportunities across the company that will push us past our 2021 CapEx record levels. We have invested in new industrial automation that will improve efficiency and expand capacity for growth. We're supporting focus digitalization efforts are across our installed base to solidify our superior positions and expand share of wallet. Our facility expansions in China and India are well underway, effectively doubling future capacities to support growth across the. Lastly, our M&A opportunity pipeline continues to be strong, and we look forward to deploying additional capital in 2022, welcoming new businesses to the IDEX family. With that, let me pause and turn it over to the operator for your questions.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, yeah. Good to talk Allison. So I mean, it's a bit of a continuation of the theme that we've seen now for a while as, there's plenty of confidence out there that there's lots of demand support to get things done. It is really difficult to do -- to just frankly bring together all the resources that you need to take a really complex project and take it from beginning to end. Lining up material, lining up resources, things like that. So what we are starting to see, frankly, are smaller to medium-sized versions of that. Slight expansions, things you can kind of do on the fly. And then continued staging for projects that are of those slightly larger incremental scale aspects, as people talk about that. I mean, quite honestly, it's the same thing that we're going through in our own business and we've got a couple of critical big projects that we've deployed they were really hard to put together. And then all over the place we're, while we're running doing those things that give you that little bit of 3% to 5% output let as we go. So I think that's really the nature of it. And of course, it varies depending on certain markets are further out ahead of that a little bit more positive some are lagging even further because they're just inherently involve larger chunks of infrastructure. But I was going to summarize it, I'd put it -- I'd describe it that way.
Eric Ashleman: I mean, it's a great question, something we've revisited continuously as we go on through this. I mean, we are -- I think we're -- from a high level, we're positioned really, really well. I mean, we do a lot of local supply, close proximity with people that we've known for a long time. Deep relationships, a lot of trust there, very collaborative. So I like that topology. I don't think we would try to change it or move it farther away. And any, frankly, any change right now is difficult because everybody's bandwidth constricted. So, a couple of places we're looking at that, it's kind of at the sharpest reason why. We just -- we have to do something different and we've got resources allocated there. I will say the one thing we're spending a lot of time working on. And I mentioned in the opening comments is simplification. You can generally see are businesses that have done the most there, are frankly having the easiest time of it. We have a highly customized model at the company. And so that's always an inherent challenge for us. So I think one of the things we've learned here, and we've gotten better at as we've gone along, just trying to find a way to say, is there a simpler way to do it more modular, simpler design that's easier to reproduce against a given supply base that will probably stay pretty similar for us as we go forward.
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, there's inherently always a little bit more risk as you extend things out than any other externality could jump into the mix and start to inflect decisions along the way. So I think that's there. I mean, as we've thought of the projects that we're working with -- when you consider a project across a long-term cycle, ones that feel the most assured about or where you can just see there's not enough capacity or there's a lot of labor challenges, these things aren't going to go away in the long-term. And when you see that condition, let's say if that's in a food market, that's somebody recognizing there's a lot of demand here, we're struggling to meet it, we know it's going to be there in the long run, while the projects themselves can be delayed and they keep extending, honestly, the conversations stay pretty active. The transfer documents and data and things is still going on, so you put those into a different category. The things that you can just tell are a little bit more susceptible to shocks, new technology, it's a launch, it's dependent upon certain conditions to be there, we probably put that in a slightly more variable category. But I honestly think over the long-term there's a lot more in the first that ultimately everybody would love to do if they could. And we've now seen, and certainly we've talked about before on this call, I think we're seeing the impact of not having it deployed as we tried to recover. From now, it just essentially at above levels that were sort of were here originally before the pandemic.
Eric Ashleman: Sure. So a couple of things there. One, in general, the nature of this kind of spend, let's say today versus where it was three years ago, there are some differences. There's actually some productivity that we're all going to enjoy as we've learned how to work in different ways. Travel won't be as high as it ever was. Certainly, marketing and digital, ways to get messages out to customers, much more efficient than we've seen before. And so that's one of the reasons, even with the slight increases here in the ramp up, we're basically at a level we were three years ago with 400 million more dollars of sales in the Company.  What it's targeted towards is a lot of our investments, frankly, it's people, and it's people on the front-end of business and the technology side of the business tied to the parts of the Company that we think have the most favorable wind at their backs in terms of our positioning in the end markets that they are sitting in. So we talked before about kind of the top 25 bets across IDEX, that list ebbs and flows from year-to-year, but about 2/3 of it holds constant. In many of the resources that are here, some ways they're identified a year, year-and-a-half ago. We let the last year play out. We're really careful with things, but at some point, you start to see that, hey, we've got some real momentum here. And the nature of people driving the investments, they've got to get in, they've got to learn the company, they've got to learn the markets and then start to add some value.  So I think the return, as it often is in anything we do when we're supporting organic growth, is really strong. On investments of that type because it's people dependent. It also makes it pretty easy to be careful with as you go forward. So as Bill said, if we start to see things all of a sudden take a turn or there's something that it comes into the mix that none of us expected. By nature, we can hold off, we can do more with less, we can ask people that we deployed towards other areas across IDEX. So I think what you're seeing here a little bit is probably we would have liked to have more of that onboard and a more of an even ramp through the year last year. Again, because a lot of its people, as everybody knows, it's hard to find. When you find them, I think you want to be careful and make sure you bring them on board when you can. That's part of the mix too.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. I mean, it's a business we've known for a long, long time, and we've partnered with them with our sewer robots franchise there. They've been kind of closer to the customer and a partner for us. Frankly, there are predominant partner over the years. So essentially they're going to market here in North America predominantly. They do a lot of things around sewer inspection, have a few other answered products that go with that. There's some tremendous software capability embedded within that business that's used in that space and we think has appropriation abilities elsewhere in the water technology area. And a couple of other interesting nascent extensions that they've launched that we also are interested in potentially opening a door for us. So it's a really nice fit for a partner that we've known for a long time. And it was just the time is right to bring them into the IDEX family.
Eric Ashleman: Yes, Rob. So the nature of pricing, I mean, I will say I think we and everybody else are looking at the historical ways that long-term pricing has been done and are finding ways to make sure that we've got more opportunities for investment along the way. As you suspect that given that the pressure and volume and it's just the nature of that space that's probably going to take a while, but that is in the mix in terms of innovation in different ways to handle it. On the virus, I'd say we're plateaued slight decrease, but we're such a -- we've got such a global topography that is, it decreases in one area and comes up and another one, so I'd say it's level right now not increasing anywhere but still at a higher rate than we've seen in any of the other episodes that have come across.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah. I mean, again, because of the nature kind of our model and what those investments usually are in terms of people. I mean, to be honest, there's a bandwidth limit on the upper side that also governed some of this. These are not the kind of businesses where you can just endlessly pull people in there and it all works better. These are super, super targeted around and aligned highly to the best that we're talking about. And then sort of everything else, we leverage a lot of that productivity to actually support those investments and run the company that way. It's a pretty consistent level, so I really do think of this more along the lines of rebuilding a basic base to fuel growth of the company in the highly targeted way that we do it more than let's say a next chapter of spend profiling for the company. We don't need to do that.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, Nathan. I mean, that's exactly the target and the expectation here. I mean, we talked, I know for the last several quarters, about the intentionality we've put on this. Some of the investments in resources are focused in this particular area because they have to be. The achievements that we made in '21 I think was a direct result as they're all high-quality. I can assure you we looked at a lot more than those companies to get the ones that we brought in on the board, and that's the way we're thinking of it going forward. We'll consider evaluations will be high, competition will be fierce, and we have to make sure we get plenty of that vast as we go at it and hold our discipline at the same time. But we talked our ideal spot here would begin to lever load at this high, and the minimum is higher level of deployment that actually helps you build a more uniform resource basis to do the work. We're always looking for the potential to expand it. If in fact we can do that efficiently, manage the change across the company. So it is definitely an intentional travel to a higher level? Yes.
Eric Ashleman: I don't know that the story is really that one where it's folks coming off the pandemic map or something like that. I mean, these are just inherently strong sectors that we think are going to continue, which we've seen good -- good ramping in '21 and it's honestly it's market dynamics that are going to drive it in '22. So the Pharma space which you didn't mention, that is a really good space. Now we participate there, we make vaccines more effective. As you can imagine, that's going really well. That's where we're seeing some of the medium-term capital projects. It's focus, sometimes not the biggest ones, but these smaller to medium projects to get expansion out there. That's an area where we're seeing a lot of that. Our optical technologies businesses are really well-positioned for some great applications and broadband access and coming down from space and things that are really out there. And then I would say just stuff right down the middle of the fairway is really good for us.  Next-gen sequencing, of course, there's all of the growth aspects, they were always there as part of that space but, let's be honest, all this COVID surveillance and variant identification, that's the year that's doing it across the world. So this is just -- this is a story of strong markets who are well-positioned and they continue to be needed more than ever, more than it is in any way a recovery aspect. I mean, again, I always remind people there's some industrial businesses in there that might have more FMT -like aspects, but for what -- I think the spirit of the question is, the heart of it, it's a continuation in the theme that we think is going to continue.
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean so a couple of things. Energy in general, I mean, it's our single-digit exposure there is localized largely in FMT. That is a story of recovering off of pandemic loss. No doubt because of commodity pricing and some other things and just delayed investments. It's a little different than it was 2, 3 years ago, but it's positive and that'll help. And you're also right, it's always hard to identify, but no doubt there are derivative impacts of that sector in terms of just the up and down the street industrial businesses that are throughout FMT. So we do think we have that factored in the mix, but to the extent any of that over achieved. That's the area that we'd see upside.
Eric Ashleman: It probably doesn't map as cleanly as you might imagine, because I mean, when we think about the markets that we're going after, they are often defined by niche applications sets. And so you can see those in any one of our three segments, and in some ways they might even strike you as counter intuitive. In general, we're obviously looking in areas that we think have more fundamental growth tailwinds behind them, and so a lot of it just would be exactly where you think it would. Lots of focus in the HST world, lots of focus, as we've just seen here, in water technology and spaces like that. But there are some great industrial franchises that have done a great job of targeting into certain application spaces that make a lot of sense too, that are sitting in places you might not otherwise think. The two other examples in '21 are actually great examples of that. Apple Pumps, for example, tied to mining as one of its core markets. That's actually really attractive now, because of all the mining that's going on to support alternative energy applications.  Then you look at Airtech, which from far away looks like kind of just an industrial compression business or blower business, and yet they've tuned very nicely to some alternative energy applications as well. So it really does, it plays out at that kind of specific work to be done. And then how well that lines up often to a high-level macro trend, but we very quickly kind of bring that down into the niche kind of environments that we're comfortable with and we could see that across any one of our overall segments.
Eric Ashleman: So a couple of things there I mean, I always remind people we have a pretty light intensity in terms of labor. It's important, but it's not a huge driver in our P&L that being said, I think everybody expects a little bit more wage inflation we have is well here this year. To be honest, we probably see more of it tangibly in terms of premium costs and things that we're doing with the existing basis. We're scrambling to try to make things on Saturdays or Fridays in a disruptive manner, here today. So it so it matters for us but it's not a massive driver on the P&L. It is a driver, of course as it comes in and supply components where that same dimension is applying to businesses outside. So it's certainly were not immune to it. We kind of acted with pricing, price capture on the top and manage it that way.
Eric Ashleman: I appreciate the question. I mean, this is something you have to kind of gauge every single business one-by-one. So we do that when we're talking with them and when we go out there. I mean, our model is generally is always designed to be more reactive and quicker than almost any competitor we have. That's why we have local supply and all the things that we've talked about here. I would say from a performance perspective, probably just like everybody else where we're most challenged just inherently are those places that are more electronics specific where we're dependent on that probably most constraining single commodity that everybody is customized, it's very hard to scramble and get something different. Things like spun boards and those things. Now, the people we're competing against, they've got the same electronic content that we do. So I don't see that as a net competitive disadvantage.  There is a great example there frankly in that space where I know we outperformed our dispensing business had really, really strong back half push. It's some of the most electronic intensive products that we have in the entire company they did a phenomenal job largely because their suppliers are very local and it's done a great job simplifying the architecture over time. So they go down the list, don't see too many places where folks are pointing to conversion and suppliers that are beating us. For a couple of dimensions, I do think we performed very, very well. It's frustrating right now, but I think we're still in a good spot. We're super well-positioned and a lot of what goes into an IDEX solution, it's customized nature, the long history of it. There's kind of a natural defense that's part of it.
Eric Ashleman: Well, there's definitely a piece of it in there that's a little chunky in our nature because it's related to facility expansion that we have talked about here for the emerging markets. I mean, we're simultaneously effectively doubling capacity over there to support growth at costs all of Asia, that we wouldn't do all the time. I will say though that it is stepped up a bit as things like industrial automation becomes more important for companies like us and others. There are not too many places you can go automate away from people standing on a production for in our environment, but where there are, it's quite cost-effective to deploy that technology, and we're doing it more than we have before. There's some great CapEx related to supporting growth in some interesting ways, digitalization as a chapter is something that wouldn't have been in there 10 years ago or 20 years ago, it is a chapter now. So I think it's a fairly typical profile, certainly reasonable capacity expansion, you'd expect given the growth that we had last year and we project to have in the future, but there are a couple of these extra chapters in there. One sort of onetime-related to facility, but I think the other ones will become part of the mix as we go forward.
Eric Ashleman: Okay, well, a few things there. So from a life science perspective, certainly the lingering nature of COVID, it's in the mix, but I wouldn't say it's the predominant driver anywhere. We talked about Next-Gen Sequencing and variance surveillance that's a part of it, but it's not the majority by any means. It still comes back to quick cancer detection, point-of-care medicine. I mean, broader trends that have long been important and are even more important as we get more focused on healthcare. So I really don't see the current pandemic as being a significant driver. This is really broad-based and we think has a lot room to run for us in that space. On the Semi side, that's interesting. I mean, we actually participate in two places there in the classic infrastructure build-out. So we're -- we do that and attack it from the ceiling perspective. So actually, manufacturing things, we're part of that process. And then on the optical side, we do more of it on the metrology and after-production quality side of it. So we see it from two angles. And in terms of its run out, as you might suspect here, we've got a long way to go until capacity comes to where it needs to be for that particular sector. There's things still just being announced now that we're all seeing that are exciting for all of us. So we think that's going to continue for quite a while and most of it is located in our HST segment, our exposure.
Eric Ashleman: Yeah, I think it's a small percentage mainly because of the kind of highly customized nature of what we make. That's kind of a risky bet in your -- everybody is [Indiscernible] on capacity that may or may not come around again just because of the way that we attack it with the products and the kind of product structure that we have. So it's typically not a high level, it's barely anything most days. I think we've pointed to it could be a percentage point at the current levels. I think that's pretty consistent. There's for high-volume things that people going depend on. There's probably a little bit of that, but it's not the majority of what we do here. It never has been.
Eric Ashleman: Yes. I mean, well, so a couple of things. I mean, I think we are definitely having a frame in a view that Q4 was tougher in a lot of regards because of the things that Bill talked about in terms of if you put some boundaries around it. Clearly, we have we have more absenteeism here than we've seen in any other point in the year, and we know the same thing was happening in suppliers, in logistic networks and those things. And to the extent that we see that same trend lagging over to the first quarter we've extended it there. We're making certain assumptions here as we go forward. One, we always get a seasonal uptick in our business. There's certain businesses that just this is the quiet as time for them because they can't do their work outside. We know those come online. Not all of those are labor dependent anyways or supplier-driven. There's things like that are out there. And then look, we're already seeing some signs that this current wave is going to subside come down. We are seeing more evidenced that people are wanting to get back into the workforce. So those pieces as well, and it's always easier to run the place when it's warmer out. So the few things in there and I don't think the ramp is so significant that it sort of stands in the way of those expectations.
Eric Ashleman: Well, I mean, it's an interesting thing because it's embedded in a lot of the products. So it wouldn't be as identifiable as that, like it's for purpose definable piece. It's an extension of capabilities that's then realized in the products that we go-to-market with, but we love that capability.
Eric Ashleman: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining the call today appreciate the questions as we went through in the interest in IDEX. Just a couple of things to frame it all out. No doubt, tough environment out there for everyone, as we've seen in talked about, I mean the IDEX model in some ways doesn't make that any easier. We've got a lot of iterative in innovation and customization short lead times as a standard expectation. High reliance on value-added suppliers. I put a but in here that's important. That also strengthened us for the short and the long term. I mean, we're an agile company. We're creative, we solve problems very quickly on the fly, and that supply chain that we're dependent upon. As I said a few times here today, it's very close to home. We've known those folks for a long time and there are deep relationships and trust there, a mutual trust. So that's a huge asset for us all that comes together.  So we're going to attack the current situation and deliver our performance and continue to do our best year in the months ahead but we also want to do that and not lose sight of what we're building ultimately for the future and I'm glad we had a chance to talk about that as well. We're going to strengthen the growth prospects that we have in our most advantaged verticals through organic and inorganic efforts going to use the balance sheet to go do that and support it. We're going to continue to optimize the footprint of the company we've done some great work over the last few years to build these more simple, scalable outposts out there that for IDEX, we've stripped out a lot of complexity that's going to lever really, really well for us, in terms of supporting growth and driving financials. And then lastly, we're going to inspire supported all with, I think a very inspiring culture that strides to expand the impact of our mission, which is trusted solutions, improving lives. So thanks for your time today, I wish you all a great day.
Allison Poliniak: That's helpful. And then just -- the free cash flow guidance. You talked about CapEx and the increased spend there, which makes sense. I know working capital you showed some increases in '21. Should we expect a similar level at '22, just given the ongoing challenges that you guys are facing? Just trying to get some color on --
Allison Poliniak: Got it and I guess along with that, you guys are still on the message, but it's probably not a fair question. But are you guys kind of revisiting some of your processes in such to deal with some of these shocks that we have to go through at time-to-time. Just any thoughts on that.
Allison Poliniak: The supply chain shock, I mean, are you guys trying to think if things differently going forward just to kind of avert some of this stuff at the [Indiscernible].
Bill Grogan: Allison, it's Bill. I think it tapered down a little bit, obviously, here and as we progressed through the year, a little bit of inventory build to support the higher revenue load, but I don't think it'll be as big of a build as we experienced last year. Our efficiency metrics are down a little bit, but some of that's just related to increased inventory to buffer extended lead times that we have across our vendor base.
Bill Grogan: Hey Mike, it's [Indiscernible] some of that's to be determined how the year plays out but are -- what's implied in our guidance is, you will from a ramp as we progress through the year. It is obviously more weighted towards latter in the year but if you look at the second quarter, it's kind of a couple of percent ramp and output versus the first quarter and it has to hold there for the balance of the year. So relative to where we're at here and the challenges we have in the first quarter, there is an assumption that those were resolved. We do have some of the discretionary costs that have just built through 2021 that are in our current run rate for the second quarter. And as we ramp volume will lever on those incremental costs; I think you'll see our margin profile continue to expand sequentially as we progress through the year.
Bill Grogan: Yes, as I said there's not some huge switch that needs to be flipped. I think we're comfortable with the ramp that we see here in the short-term. The second quarter seasonally always goes up for us, so we've got that on top of some of just the output relief, I think we'll get, and then it's, unless something created some headwind to decelerate, we should be in a reasonable position.
Bill Grogan: No. Deane, it ramped throughout the year, I think Q3 and Q4. There's marginal increase in the fourth-quarter. We talked about that in Q3 call that some things had moved from Q3 to Q4. That's one of the issues we have with the first quarter, is just last year, we were still extremely diligent and then spend a whole heck of a lot and then ramped 2, 3, and 4. So there's a little bit of ramp here as we progress from Q4 to Q1, but it's not overly material.
Bill Grogan: Yeah, we haven't. But in the fourth-quarter it's probably 3% to 5% organic that we could have had incrementally to what we delivered if we had full availability of parts and labor.
Bill Grogan: Sure. So the dynamics of price cost is obviously, it varies across the portfolio between the segments and the businesses. Holistically, FMT's are strongest price cost relative to a lot of their business goes through channel our ability to move price through there is favorable. Obviously, they've got more exposure to heavy casting metal, motor inflation but they have the power to offset at HSPs which were OEM focused. So there's opportunities but more on an annual basis on that side of it, and the stuff that looks like the FMT, the industrial parts of it, similar dynamics. FSD has been the challenge, primarily in our Fire and Rescue businesses. We talked about the flare OEM challenges and the large backlogs that they're sitting on in excess of 12 months to 18 months. And what we've priced that on, we haven't been able to re-price it. So we continue to work through the lower-margin profile on that through the back half of the year and most likely through the first half of this year. They've gone out with significant price increases here recently on any of the annual contracts that they have.  So they are poised for a large recovery and margin improvement as we progress through the year, but still challenged in the first half. Dispensing this fairly strong [Indiscernible] relative to their steel exposure and their automotive and aerospace customer base, they were challenged as well. So they were significantly under on the price cost, weighing down the overall organization, but a lot of good effort from the teams to manage through it. And I think are much better positioned as we stand here today to progress through the rest of the year.
Bill Grogan: Exactly. Nathan, I think you're pointing to discretionary. Is that being somewhat of a catch-up here as we progress through the last two years that will fall off, there will be nominal increases on that going forward. And then as Eric said, it's our normal investment profile. So if you normalize for the discretionary ramp, we're at our traditional mid-30s type of flow-through.
Bill Grogan: Obviously, our first quarter is going to look fairly similar to the fourth-quarter. With ramp, I think you're going to see margin profile improve on a basis point perspective, more in FMT, as probably our highest margin improvement as -- well, obviously, we had the challenges within the FMD business this year with the CapEx reduction and then being significantly lower from a volume perspective. We had several site consolidations and the incremental costs associated with that. And then just that business levers extremely well as they progress, so I would say, FMT margins building throughout the year, HST still extremely strong but moderated relative to a lot of the investments we're making are on that side of the house. And then FSD recovering on the price cost side being a primary driver of their margin improvement for the full year with pressure here in the first half like I mentioned earlier with Rob's question.
Bill Grogan: So more, I mean last year we were about 200 basis points and we will be in excess of that here in 2022.
Bill Grogan: Yes. It's fairly neutral in Q4, I think their current run rate now bottomed out in the third quarter and we see progression as we progress -- as we go over the next couple of quarters.
Bill Grogan: Jeff, once we close we'll add that to the guide. We have said it's a $50 million business with about 20% EBITDA margins, to frame it out a little bit for you, and then we'll nail it down once we close later this quarter and include it in our revised guidance in April.
Bill Grogan: And Eric prefers our direct labor, so things directly associated with the product builds about 7% or 8%.
Bill Grogan: I would say two things if you normalized -- so just year-over-year, if you normalize FMT and take out FMD and ABEL, you're roughly flat on that margin perspective. I think from a quarter three to quarter four, there is a couple of things. One, FMT less working days in some of the vertically integrated businesses, so they have less absorption, which is seasonal, happens in most years. We had the final costs associated with the facility consolidations that weighed a little bit on their margins in the third quarter, and then just some premium over time and freight at the end of the year to get some stuff out for customers was dilutive, so. Those three things on the sequential piece and year-over-year, it's really the ex - FMD and ABEL that's pressuring the margins.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then on Slide 12 for year '22 bridge, you've got the two buckets growth investments, and discretionary spend rebound. I mean, collectively that $0.40 to $0.50 in your guide, they both feel a little bit discretionary by definition, right? Where and how is that being targeted? Is that level throughout the year? Is it contingency in any way? And what would be the expected returns that you would get on some of these growth investments? Thanks.
Deane Dray: Got it. That's really helpful. And have you given the quick overview of Nextsite? It sounds like a really interesting addition to your water business.
Deane Dray: Great. We're hearing lots and lots of focus on storm water from municipalities and there's just such a need right now and there's loss regulatory pressures as well fines that will be imposed on municipalities that they don't address it, so hot area and nice to see that investment. Thank you.
