Andy Silvernail: Allison, no. I think we saw strength throughout the quarter. We actually saw things pick up as the quarter went on which is not atypical of us. But there’s nothing to indicate that things are slowing at this point.
Andy Silvernail: Generally, I think we’re pretty well positioned. We were pretty aggressive as we thought about coming into this year. If you remember, Allison, we talked a lot about inflation last year and a lot of our internal conversations have been about productivity and price and making sure we didn’t get behind the curve. And I don’t think we will in 2018. When I look at what we’re seeing now, we’re seeing behaviors that are showing things like extended lead times, people trying to jump to the front of the line, stuff like that. We’re not seeing major changes in prices. What I would say, Allison, is that if what we’re seeing today holds up, I believe you’re going to start to see rising inflation here in the back half of the year and I think 2019 becomes significant if the economic conditions continue. And obviously we’ve got our finger on this. It’s absolutely probably – it’s the biggest thing besides overall global growth rates that I think about in terms of what could hurt the overall story. And so as we think about productivity and when we think about pricing, we’re committed to being ahead of the curve.
Andy Silvernail: No, not really. If you look at it, what it assumes is that sequentially we basically kind of hold in here that we don’t see acceleration necessarily from this point. And then the numbers just kind of fall in line based on comps, right. So we’re not expecting things to get weaker from here. Last year had an abnormal pattern if you look at last year, because things were accelerating into the second half of the year. What we’re expecting is that a more normal historical pattern and that business holds in terms of the overall book and bill rates, project activity. We don’t see acceleration or deceleration.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, so let me start there, Mike. So in terms of the private market multiples coming in, no, as a matter of fact I’d say in the last two quarters. We’ve seen behaviors that are what I would call unusual, meaning a lot of preemption, a lot of preempted bids. We’ve had some folks who are out in the marketplace tell us that they’re seeing 40% to 50% of deals being preempted at this stage at elevated prices. So we’re being pretty careful around that. Now I do expect if you see multiples continue to compress a little bit in the public markets, that obviously will show itself in the private markets, no doubt about that. In terms of the other thing, in terms of actionability, we’ve got some things that we’re working on now that certainly fit into that category of actionable. And so it’s a matter of whether or not we can cross the line. But which we’re mostly seeing now are options. We’re not seeing a lot of stuff that’s private right now. So you know how that works out. We’re going to work within our parameters that makes sense for us and for our shareholders and if we can get them across the line, but there are a few things that we’re looking at and working on that I would definitely call actionable.
Andy Silvernail: Sure. So on the macro side, in terms of growth across the globe, this is as good as it’s been in my time as CEO, right. So in the seven years that I’ve been doing the job, it’s as strong as it’s been. So that’s obviously positive. In terms of what’s making that up, it’s a good mix between the very short cycle book and turn business and improving CapEx. We’re still – we don’t really get involved in mega projects for the most part. But you are seeing the increase in things that are kind of a couple hundred thousand to say 5 million, you’re seeing an improvement across the globe in those areas. And I think tax reform has played a role in that. Obviously cash flows meaningfully change for U.S.-based companies or those who pay taxes in the U.S. And so that’s certainly a positive thing in that regard. In terms of IDEX, we track a handful or a couple handfuls or programs that we view as being differentiated growth for us. And as we track those, we still think where about half the benefits that we’re seeing today come from the underlying markets, the strength in the underlying markets and about half we’re getting ourselves. And so that’s a good sign for us. And as you know, our goal has – we’ve always said we want to be north of 200 basis points above underlying industrial production and the last numbers I’ve seen suggest that we are very much doing that. And we’re a lot less cyclical in a lot of the folks that you guys kind of compare us to and both on the up and the down. So when I look at the 7% organic numbers given kind of 2.6%, 2.7% industrial production, that feels like a pretty good number.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, there’s nothing that suggest that. And you know me. On the scale of people, I tend to be a little bit more skeptical. And right now we are – when I combine what’s happening across the globe and what’s happening with IDEX specifically, the thing again that I worry about most is inflation getting overheated and then the global economy having to deal with that both in terms of just ability to supply and then what interest rates have to do on that back end. So when I think and obviously I can’t control any of those expect to deal with what IDEX can deal with. But borrowing some kind of crazy geopolitical event that is the thing that I think we all should keep our eye on that would stop this growth.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, if you’re talking water specifically, the markets continue to be pretty good but let me break that into two pieces. So if you look at our ongoing services business and you look at our equipment businesses that we have that are tied to new product development, those are a good story. But the current U.S. administration has effectively stopped any kind of penalties that are coming in for as an example surge overflows. And so the amount how regulation is being interpreted and enforced is a net negative for that business. There’s no doubt about it. And so the overall muni spending market is good because tax receipts are good. I would say the federal government in terms of enforcement is a negative. So I think it’s just going to be kind of a steady single digit, call it low to mid-single digit here for the balance of the year.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, if you recall, you go back and look at some of those comments, I think what I said was in the short term you could see that. So if you saw growth accelerate that you would see a pop just because the spending wouldn’t keep up, right? So if you adjust for the FX impact, we were about 38 which is obviously not very far off from that number. I don’t think you’re going to see – let’s neutralize for FX for a second. I don’t think you’re going to see high 30s incremental and the reason I say that is just the amount of investment that we’re making specifically around engineering. And so we’ve been pretty aggressive in terms of our engineering spend and pretty aggressive in terms of our CapEx. And so I think if we’re in that 30% to 35% range on a consistent basis, I’m really happy Nathan.
Andy Silvernail: The square footage and I’ll call it the machining capacity, those – and we have pockets here and there that we’re making investments in but they’re not big capital requirements around those things to allow us to meet demand. So if you think of just kind of square footage and machine capacity, we’re in pretty good shape. The two issues that we face and everyone faces in the Western world certainly is around supply chain, so material availability and skill of labor. Those are the two areas that has the biggest constraints in the Western world. Obviously, the issue today around supply chain – what you’re seeing is you’re just seeing longer lead times and I think what we need to watch out for and what you guys need to watch out for is what happens in this environment as you start getting people with behaviors around things like double bookings where people start to order much more than they need which causes kind of a ramp – it ramps that cycle very, very aggressively. And then obviously the back side of that is ugly. And so I think all of us need to really have our finger on the pulse of is that happening. And you see it when you see spikiness in very specific markets. And so that’s what we’re looking out for. In terms of the skilled labor, look, there’s nothing you can do in the short term about bringing on more skilled labor. That is a finite resource. The investments that are going into trade schools, the investments that are going to training programs will help ramp that at a minimal pace. What we have done is we’re investing in more capable machining and what I’ll call semi-automation. We’re almost nowhere except for a few places are we heavily automated and we won’t be because of the nature of the mix. But that’s something we certainly are spending more time on. And by the way that’s out of necessity and we would love to be able to hire more capable skilled labor, but that’s a real bottleneck for us and for everybody.
Andy Silvernail: So we were between 0.5 point to a point for the quarter which was – we expect that to ramp actually as the year goes on. I think we’ll end the year very close to a point. That would be my guess, assuming that we don’t have to go out with more aggressive actions depending upon where inflation is. And as you know, Scott, very well that that’s targeted in areas where we have that capability and generally we have pretty good pricing flexibility. So I expect that we’ll be fine there. And so our goal has always been how do you neutralize inflation with productivity and let price flow through. When you get that, that is kind of the magic equation. We don’t always get it but that’s a great equation and that’s what we’re continuing to try to get this year.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. And so that goes from kind of a negative to in line with the company fleet average in terms of margin over that period of time. And then you just get the benefits of volumes. HST, if you look at it across the segment has the same sort of variable margin component that you have throughout the company. And then finally as you know in the back half of last year and really kind of three quarters of last year, we kind of laid an egg there operationally. And we had several million dollars that we left on the table that’s – I’m not going to say it’s completely cleaned up now but it’s not material. It’s out of the way. And so that 23.9 is a good number. I feel good about that being sustainable assuming that the volumes hold up.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, so it’s all receivables and inventory if you scrub through the balance sheet, you’ll see how that plays out. So as I mentioned in the call or in my prepared remarks, March was $25 million more than December and more than February. And so that receivables bullet [ph] that showed up here in March is just kind of nothing you can do about that. That’s just reality. And on the inventory side, the most of that is about making sure that we’re in a position to serve our customers. We did see a bit of a jump from year end that would not – you’d prefer not to have seen but it did happen. And so when you put it altogether, that’s the vast majority of the cash issue. I don’t see it as being a problem as we go through the year.
Andy Silvernail: Steve, I think what I would say is I’m becoming more confident of our ability to consistently deliver over markets. In the last year and a half we’ve been able to demonstrate that in a rising market. And actually if you go back in time even when things were soft in '14 or '15 and '16, if you go back and actually look at our growth rates versus the peer group, we were above. So we’re – I’m going to say we’re three years plus into delivering at that couple hundred basis points above our market growth. So my first I guess answer to you is my confidence level that we can more consistently do that is as high as it’s been which is a huge plus for us, because as you know there is nothing like organic growth in our business. If you go and look at our – one of the things to really look at here is our return on invested capital. And if you go back and do that math and how we measure, we’re up north of 15%. And barring any sort of M&A, we’ll end up this year close to 16%. And if you go five or six years, it was down at 11. And that’s what organic growth does for you right there. It’s a huge driver to return on invested capital. And as you know, it’s very defensible growth over time. So the segmentation we’ve done, the investments around those segments and really on targeted growth I think have paid off and we’re just going to continue to bet heavily on this model.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, Jim, I don’t see it yet but if – obviously you got to back a really long time to see that. But this is where I go back and put on my investment analyst hat from 20-something-years ago, right, is in markets of acceleration and inflation, this is one of the behaviors that absolutely happens; the double ordering, the willingness to pay premiums to get in line. The biggest place that you’re seeing problems today are around freight and logistics. If you look at freight and logistics that to me is it’s very hard to get railcars, you’re seeing lead times extending out for availability. So you’re starting to see it there and of course the capacity is very much finite and easily measured. We all see the numbers. It’s in the places where it’s very hard to see around specialty components, specialty alloys, things like that where there aren’t good metrics out there in the world where I think people could get caught flatfooted. And so we haven’t seen it yet but we are really trying to watch intensely for it.
Andy Silvernail: You’ve got some pockets there. The one that kind of stands out a little bit is if you look at our water business, we expect it to have overall stronger equipment sales but again the lack of enforcement has really whacked that. Now the service business is doing really well and the team is just exceptional. And so we’re very happy with what they’re dealing with. But I think the reality is that that’s one interesting pocket on a couple of things.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, there’s nothing that’s kind of really ugly. One of the real highlights in the quarter was our performance in China. I didn’t really talk about that in the prepared remarks. But our China business was back to double-digit growth in the quarter and that has been soft here for a while as we had gone through and done our segmentation and our 8020 work in China that had been soft for a couple of years. And so it’s nice to see that bounce back.
Andy Silvernail: And just to add, Patrick, I think if you look at our dispensing team, frankly they are the poster child for how we’re trying to run IDEX more broadly. The team there has had incredible consistency and continuity. Their work around segmentation driving complexity out, reallocating resources to the places where we really have an advantage and we can accelerate growth and turning that into innovation, as Bill just talked about, you’re looking at almost 100% refresh of their product line over the last two years. It’s really impressive. And we are far and away the market share leader around the globe and these folks have positioned themselves very well to maintain that market share position and even take more share over time.
Andy Silvernail: Brett, it’s really around a handful of our targeted growth initiatives. So we’re seeing some meaningful parts if you look at the industrial base businesses where in our Viking business in particular which has had just an outstanding run here, we’re going to put some more capital into that business which has been really important. And then we’ve got, call it a couple dozen places that are pockets where we think can accelerate growth that we’re putting capital. So I won’t go through them one by one. But these are the kind of things that myself and Eric Ashleman and Bill are really spending our time hands on. Candidly, the biggest challenge that we have with CapEx is seeing lead times extend with equipment. So the lead time phenomenon that we’ve talked about relative to supply chain is the same with equipment. So frankly I would have loved to have spent more in the quarter than we did and it’s just constrained by our ability to get stuff.
Andy Silvernail: You’re definitely seeing it on the process industry side. And the process industry has now put that in oil and gas, chemicals, food, pharmaceutical. You’re seeing more and larger pieces being released. Again, it’s not huge for us but we’re talking a couple hundred thousand to a few million dollars that you’ll see in those. But if you go back 18 months, those are – we were just starting to see those things eke out and we’re now seeing them accelerate.
Andy Silvernail: And if you recall, if you went back what would be a couple of years or so ago, 18 months or so ago, one of the things I said in our calls is I don’t think people had realized that as the industry recession happened, right, we did something that was not particularly visible and that we held the margin profile of some of our really highly profitable businesses. And the performance that we generated was coming out of businesses that historically had not been as profitable as we fixed those. And what you’ve seen happen now over the last 18 months is as volume has improved, you’re seeing some of those higher profit contributor businesses accelerate. And so you’re seeing – that’s been a nice pick up and a nice change. And so I don’t feel it’s really going to be dictated on volume. So if volumes hold up, there’s no reason why the FMT margins wouldn’t hold up. But obviously we’ll be more sensitive to volumes than other parts of the business.
Andy Silvernail: We tend to not look at businesses that have huge amount of inflation – that have issues relative to inflation. So we’re not looking at heavily cyclical businesses or that have a lot of direct inputs from base materials. And so we’re looking at buying businesses that kind of look like us generally. And then if you look at how we value them, we value businesses looking over a very, very long period of time. And that’s why I have been I think probably more skeptical than some on prices being paid where the conversation kind of just avoids the reality that a bunch of people are buying things at single digit ROIs over time. They may be NPV positive over years but you’re looking at – people are literally buying things below the long-term cost of capital. And so I’ve just been much more skeptical. And look, one of the beauties of our type of business is because the cash flows are so defensible, the ability to model those and to get comfortable with a pretty reliable range of value, we feel really good about being able to do that. And so frankly unless you think inflation is going to change over the next 20 years, unless you look at something really, really differently, it doesn’t really change our point of view very much.
Andy Silvernail: I don’t think it changes it much. Obviously, we’ve baked in a little bit of increasing guidance on revenue there. This is stuff that we’ve been talking about, gosh, for two years. It was just a matter of when those approvals would happen and they happened a little bit sooner than we thought.
Andy Silvernail: For us anything that is 50 million to 500 million is – that’s kind of right down the alley for us. So we’d be super comfortable. There are some things that we look at and have looked at that are substantially bigger. And certainly we reserve the right to do that. But it’s going to fit out model straight down the center. It’s going to be the kind of businesses that we know and we love and we know how to run. And so there aren’t very many of those out there in the world but there are a few, but for the most part 50 million to 500 million in enterprise value is what you should expect from us.
Andy Silvernail: Thank you all for taking the time and most importantly thanks to our customers and to the people within IDEX who continue to execute just exceptionally well. I’m very proud to be part of this team and I think we are running the business well and the people within IDEX really deserve that congratulations. So I appreciate your time being with us and look forward to talking to you here in 90 days. Take care.
Bill Grogan: Scott, this is Bill. The only thing I’d add is relative to the spread, we’ve been able to maintain that spread. So as Andy said, we expect our price to ramp up as the balance of the year. We do expect inflation to increase. So our goal is to maintain that spread through the rest of 2018.
Bill Grogan: Our guidance, we did take it down slightly as I think the receivables I think will launch through the balance sheet but inventories, we’ve stepped up again to put a little bit more safety stock within our supply chain to make sure we are able to meet customer requirements. I think inventory will bleed a little bit as we go through the year but there’s inherent build that will remain at this current volume level.
Bill Grogan: Yes, I would just say the stock was up 8% so that was the primary driver of the increased corporate costs. And then as we continue to look at spaces within M&A and then tax reform obviously was the last piece Andy talked about. But I think a majority of it was related to stock comp.
Bill Grogan: I guess fundamentally there’s some timing and some price led issues like Andy mentioned, but as we go across the portfolio nothing sticks out.
Bill Grogan: Patrick, I could take that one. I would say one thing if you recall last year dispensing’s pacing of orders and sales shifted from first half to second half. So it’s comping against an easier first half I think is one component. And then also the second thing is they did launch new products across the globe in each of their regions and those have been really successful at the start. So I think a combination of the new products introduction and then just timing of sales they way they’re going to fall this year versus last year also plays a part.
Bill Grogan: Yes, I think our margin profile in the first quarter is what you should expect for the balance of the year, barring any significant macro changes.
Bill Grogan: Yes, correct. As we talked about earlier, we’re ramping price to offset any of that to maintain our spread.
Bill Grogan: So I think the profile within FMT in the first quarter should be pretty consistent as we march through the year. Again, if we’re growing at mid-single digits, we’re able to maintain or expand here in the balance of the year.
Bill Grogan: We got the order first quarter shippable starting in the back half of the year continuing into 2019.
