Andrew Silvernail: Yeah. So, if you kind of think about where we're ending the quarter in terms of backlog and what we usually go into a quarter with, typically, we have a total backlog that's about half the quarter, and we're kind of plus or minus that. We go into it thinking about what the first quarter versus second quarter with the amount of backlog that we have today and the fact that we built $23 million incrementally of backlog. And it gives us a lot of confidence that we'll get to that second quarter number, plus or minus. And so, I feel pretty good going in to the second quarter about where the top line will land. Because we are such a short-cycled business, you never know, as you know full well, Matt. But where we stand today with what I'll call stability on the industrial side and visibility relative to our current backlog and building backlog, it feels pretty good.
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah. I think, not as discretely as I'm sure you'd like, but we can obviously cut it by what we believe to be overall market growth and then the impact of our initiative, whether they'd be market penetration or new products. That's a lot easier to do when you're truly entering a brand new market, which we don't do very often. The new products is really the place where you can really put your finger on and you can see the acceleration. So, if you look at the water businesses, we got a series of new products that we've launched. You can look at those discretely. If you look at dispense, you look at StrongArm, or you look at the platforms that we know we're on in HST, you can get your arms around each of those in a pretty discrete way. The way I would say across the board is we are modestly taking share. I don't think its huge share, but if you look at our relative organic growth rates market by market, segment by segment against our competitors, we feel pretty good that we're holding up relative to how the markets are and modestly taking some share.
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah. So, that was an acquisition that we did that's a very important acquisition; small but important for HST, specifically, Scientific Fluidics. And we went into the acquisition with a very specific point of view of what we though the performance would be of that business. And our partners who are still engaged and excited about being part of IDEX and are doing a terrific job had a more aggressive point of view. And so, we agreed that we put a construct in place, and if they delivered over and above, meaningfully, over and above the base case that they would receive more consideration. And as always, when you do that, you put that on the balance sheet and, each quarter, you have to make an estimate. And so, as we sit here today, a part of that, we don't think they're going to get that, I'll call that accelerated growth on top of what we thought was already a nice chunk of growth in a good piece of business. And so, the accounting rules really dictate that. Yes, I would have loved – it would be terrific if they had hit their very aggressive case. But the base business is still doing quite well and very much in line with the model that we've put together.
Andrew Silvernail: No. No. And that – sometimes it happens, right? When you've got a buyer and a seller and you have points of view that are different. And this is a way to figure that out and it gives both real skins in the game around it and everybody knows what they're getting into, and that's just how it works out sometimes.
Andrew Silvernail: They do get a little bit easier. And Matt, when we're talking about 1.5 points, you're really talking about $10 million.
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah. These are real rounding errors. And so, there are some easier comps when you go to the third and the fourth quarter particularly. So, if you remember that the weakening last year really started the midway through the second quarter. And so, we still had a pretty decent second quarter overall last year, but we saw that weakening happening in kind of June. And so, the third and the fourth quarters were comparatively weaker. As I look kind of forward, the really important ramp for us was going to be where we're going to ramp from a weaker first quarter to a stronger second quarter. And that, for us, was really the telling sign. And given the backlog that we built and given some of the visibility that we have, unless you start to see something deteriorate meaningfully that we don't see today, we feel pretty good about where the top line should end up here for the balance of the year.
Andrew Silvernail: So, I think the answer to the first part of your question is yes, we would, but it would be very selectively. Even though we do have a premium valuation arbitrage, that equity is extremely valuable, and being able to use cash or debt tends to be a much better mechanism for us generally. And so, we'd really prefer to do that. But if the right thing were there and that was the requirement, yes, we would consider it. The reality is, and we talked about this a lot in the past, there just are very few things of the scope and size that would require us to do that. And there are some things out there. As we said in the past, there are some larger businesses that we think would be a great fit with IDEX and we believe could drive a huge amount of value, but there aren't very many. But if that rare circumstance were to happen, as one of our board members called it, the purple squirrel, if that was to happen, we don't find them very often, but would we do it? Sure, we'd do it.
Andrew Silvernail: Sure, Mike. We started to see this third quarter and the fourth quarter, right? So, as you saw third quarter, fourth quarter developing last year, you are still – if you went back, as I answered Nathan's question, if you went from kind of middle of the second quarter last year, through a good part of the fourth quarter last year, you were seeing sequential downticks, right? And you were seeing all of the behaviors that go along with that, right? And what we've seen now is that sequential stability, call it, for the last four months or five months, and also that – maybe I'll call it that sense of anxiety or panic that a lot of people have when you're seeing sequential downticks, you start to see that level off. So, yes, it's happening in conversations. It's happening in how people are setting their inventory Kanbans. And we're really principally talking about industrial distribution. And so I'm going to call it stability. Now, part of it is we don't have that big exposure or direct exposure to oil and gas. So places that do still have that you're still seeing lots of volatility. Even with oil creeping up here over the last few months, there's still a lot of volatility around that marketplace. And as you know, we're still in the midst of rig reductions. So we're not experts. We're certainly not experts in that part of the world, but the places that we do touch it, that still has a lot of volatility. But the base industrial business, both in terms of the numbers and how people are responding subjectively, feels like it's leveled off to a degree.
Andrew Silvernail: So, what that will do, though, Mike, is because as we do – because you do have some volatility across that segment, just more than others, and you have some more seasonality because of dispensing, that will probably, to some degree, not huge, but to some degree, mute that a little bit, the whole segment. It will be a little bit more muted in terms of volatility, but not big numbers.
Andrew Silvernail: Nothing that's going to blow the doors off. But the stuff that we're going to launch here this year, next year, this is the stuff we've been working on. If you were to go back and look two years ago, we'd have told you that we're going to start to see some stuff coming out in late-2016, 2017 that are really attached to new products that our customers are going to launch. And we're in design cycles with them and we follow them, and so success now for those is really based on do they hit their unit volume expectations. And they're pretty good at nailing that down generally. And so, nothing that's a barnburner, but really consistent growth around that strategy we've had for the long time which is more high value content per platform.
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah. I think if you kind of puts and takes [indiscernible] basically flattish. We did see year-over-year order rates that were up a little bit. But if you kind of look at the base overall business, it's kind of flattish with strength in dispensing, decent performance in fire, offset by weakness in rescue and in BAND-IT.
Andrew Silvernail: That's right. Yeah. You hit it on the head. We got about $0.5 billion that we could tap into from our balance sheet. So, think of it over the next three years as being $1 billion-ish. That's another way to think about it.
Andrew Silvernail: No, it's not a huge number, Allison. So, for IDEX, it's not a huge number for water itself. It's a few million dollars here or there, so I don't think it impacts us looking forward enough to consider it.
Andrew Silvernail: I feel really similar to how I felt when we talked after the fourth quarter and my commentary is the same. I still think, overall, there's more downside risks than upside. I know it feels better for a lot of people and I know equities in our space have run here in the last month or so. But when you just look at the underlying conditions and take away the emotion of it and just kind of look at the data, the data does not suggest that there is a really strong upside case. I'd love to be wrong, but, as you know, we've always said this pretty consistently, we are much better at managing for a tighter scenario, and we can move on the upside very quickly. But, given the impact of incremental margins, we don't want to be caught on that downside. So, while I certainly don't feel like the risk has gotten higher in the last quarter, I still think that there's, overall, more downside than upside.
Andrew Silvernail: Well, Charley let me clarify first. I think that the overall, just kind of generally, the commentary that I have today versus the commentary that I had after the end of the year, it really is the same. The difference is you got three more months of stabilization, right? You got a quarter more of stabilization. We started seeing some of the elements of it as we ended the year. But that being said, yeah, as we ramped from our first month through our third month, things did get sequentially stronger, but they also tend to get sequentially stronger, right? So if you look at how a normal quarter flows, it's not that different than the normal – maybe a little bit better. I guess, people are – everyone is looking here for a sign of strength. I really don't think it has materially strengthened. I think what you have is another quarter of stability, and the emotional pieces of it that were kind of really pounding in the early months of the year and the late months of last year. That real fear is starting to fall off. The data itself is not dramatically different.
Andrew Silvernail: Well, I think the radical swing in capital spending and in MRO, so if I were to go back in time and say what do I think that most of us got wrong to a degree, I think we got two things wrong that have been more amplified – that have amplified this downturn more than any of us expected. The first thing we got wrong was, I think, people didn't fully appreciate how much the energy capital spending over the last several years was pulling along the things that we define as general industrial, right? And so, the reverberation of that, as things got weaker, it hurt the general industrial, I think, more than people expected it was going to. So I think we got that one thing wrong. The second thing that we got wrong and we're really seeing playing itself out now, specifically, in that area is, historically, on the MRO side, as the big capital spending has slowed down, the MRO side has stabilized or picked up. And one of the things that we're not seeing in this time is you're – we're seeing differently than necessarily maybe in the past is the amount of pirating that's happening for parts off of things that are being taken offline is pretty dramatic. So why does that matter? It matters because I think that the overall deficit that we've experienced us less so than people who have a lot more exposure, this deficit has been a lot bigger. So what changes? Now, let me address your question really specifically. What changes is that runs its course and the capital spending even picks up modestly, and then you have an MRO deficit now that's got to be filled. Now, when that happens, if I knew that, I'd be in a different line of work. But it feels like the amount of capacity that's coming out, the supply/demand imbalance, at some point, if that turns over, you could see the excess capacity or the need for capacity snap back pretty aggressively. When that happens, if that happens, that's for all the smart people and they'll have to figure out.
Andrew Silvernail: Well, you've got – so let's kind of break it into its pieces. So, energy in total, is somewhere north of kind of 10% of the company, right? So, somewhere – 10%, 12% of the company. The upstream piece of it, that's kind of gotten pounded, is about 2%. It was 3% last year. That's just the reality of that. So the stuff that's midstream and downstream makes up the vast majority of what you're looking at what we call energy. And when you think about the chemical piece, the overall chemical piece is a bigger piece, but we're mostly talking about playing in specialty chemicals, right? And so it's not kind of the broad base stuff – it's not the commodity chemical world. We don't tend to play in that. If you call it chemical and industrial that you put it together, we call that's about 25% to 30% of the total business. Pure chemical out of that is half to two-thirds of that total.
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah. Well, the reason we do is, again, when you talk about energy, people tend to think of energy in a very specific way. And the biggest piece of what's in our energy business is LC, Liquid Controls, right? And so, Liquid Controls, a good chunk of that overall business is going into these mobile applications. So, mobile applications mean meters on trucks, right? That's the way to think of it. And you split meters on trucks into two things, kind of road applications and that serving aviation. And so, now, the reality is that if we don't follow the Class 8 to Class 6 truck build that you would think about for kind of heavy industry or whatever, people who are experts in that, we don't necessarily follow that trend. But the reality is that the truck builders and how these guys think about building, in some ways, does connect to that. So, we're not selling into the average Class 6 or Class 8 truck. We're selling into very specifically mobile energy applications. But there is some correlation between the truck builders that are producing kind of the general Class 6 or Class 8 and the folks who are selling into these mobile markets. So, there is some connection to that. We don't follow the broad trend.
Andrew Silvernail: So, let's talk about the easy piece of that, Jim, which is the piece that's close to the wellhead. As I've mentioned, we probably had a total of 1% negative on that. So if that was 3% of our business a year ago, it's now 2% of our business. So it really truly is, in and of itself, a 1% headwind on IDEX, right? And then you probably have another 1% to 2% if you kind of scope across the rest of IDEX. Call it $10 million to $20 million more of incremental revenue that's probably been – that you can kind of put your finger on directly. So, call it 2 points of organic growth headwind, up to 2 points of the organic growth headwind that's just kind of directly tied to that. Now, it gets a lot more muddled and a lot less clear as you think about these ripple effects that have impacted everybody. The story that I tell often is a few years ago, we looked at this business in North Dakota. It had nothing to do with the energy world, but we looked at this business in North Dakota and you couldn't drive into the – you couldn't get a parking spot at the parking at the Wal-Mart, you couldn't get a hotel room, anything, right? And you go there today and the parking lot at the Wal-Mart is empty and you can get any hotel room you want at half the cost. And so, what I guess the reason I tell that story is, I think we all, again, underestimated the rippling effect in certain areas of that energy cycle. And so, as it comes back, I don't think it's going to be as dramatic. I wish I could pick a timeframe, but that's for you guys to do. But I do think that not only do you get the direct impacts of what's happened to the energy industry, I think you will get some positive residual impact to the general industrial.
Andrew Silvernail: Again, I think the upside and the downside were pretty dramatic. So, what you got? Pre-2015 was pretty dramatic on the upside, and what we lived with last year was pretty dramatic on the downside and through the first quarter. Do I think it's going to snap back one for one? I think that would be optimistic.
Andrew Silvernail: So, Bhupender, I apologize. You broke up a little bit in your question. So, I think, if I heard you right, you were asking what do we think the back half HST margin looks like. I heard that clearly. I didn't hear the second part of your question clearly.
Andrew Silvernail: Okay. So, let me – I'll try to tackle that, and if I don't get your question, if I don't answer it just right, please reframe it. So, yeah, we've done a nice job of getting this business up to speed. The way I break it down is kind of on the revenue side and then let's talk margins. And obviously, they're interconnected, but there's a couple of different stories in here. On the revenue side, we've seen real strength consistently out of those things that are scientific in nature, right? So life sciences, semiconductor, some of the electronic world that we touch marginally, those have been good and, by the way, have good profitability associated with them. And we've also had strength in improving margin to parts of the portfolio that were weaker. So if you look at MPT or if you look at Optics, over the last couple of years, we've done a nice job of moving profitability up. So you've seen the op margin move, but the bottom – but the top line is a little bit deceptive. And the reason for that is you've got a good chunk of that overall HST that's still really is industrial, right? So you've got a big chunk of – you've got the Gast and the Micropump businesses. You've got a good chunk of even the Optics business that's more industrial-related. And then you got a big piece of the sealing business that is touching oil and gas. So we've had some really – some nice strength on the scientific side offset by some weakness on the industrial side, but in total, overall margins that have had nice improvement. So, I think I may have missed your back question about MPT. So, if you'd repeat that, I'd appreciate it.
Andrew Silvernail: I think so. And I think to be clear about some things, because there's a few things depending upon how you take it, it could be some mixed messages. The first one is our overall view is you're getting some industrial stability. As that moves to the back half, you end up with some easier comps. And whether or not that's industrial, within FMT or some of the industrial parts of HST, you get moderately easier comps as you get to the back half of the year because of the real weakness that we saw last year. So, to me, that's a good news story, but not because the business is materially improving sequentially, so I don't want anyone to walk out of here saying, God, I'm confused. Andy is saying there's more risk to the downside, but we're going to be better in the second half. These are really consistent statements, right? We've seen stability. We've got a little bit easier comps in the back of the year. But, in total, as I look at the global economy and I look at the puts and the takes and whether there's more upside or more downside, given the underlying fundamentals, we believe that still there remains more downside than upside.
Andrew Silvernail: Yeah. So, Jim, when you look at our investments like this, they tend not to have radical swings in the short term. And the reason I say that is because from the time you decide that you're going to aggressively going to go after an idea until the time it's launched and then, I call it, full absorption into the marketplace, those cycles are really long. And that really works to our benefit around when you win market share or you win new applications, the stickiness of those is really the fundamental driver to the economics of IDEX, right? That stickiness is a big deal. That being said, it takes a long time for that to happen, right? Our customers are highly risk adverse and they test and they poke for an awful long time before making any kind of radical decision. The reason I say that is that requires sustained long-term investment. And so, we tend not to jump around a lot in that. So, just kind of behaviorally, I think that's important to understand. To kind of directly answering your question, which is where we focused, a way to think about that is if you look at our portfolio and our businesses, and this is all public stuff we talked about before at investor meetings. We've got about two-thirds of our company in revenue and about three quarters of our company in profit that I would squarely put into the growth category, right? These are franchise businesses with clear number one or really strong number two positions. I'm talking about franchise brands like IDEX Health & Science, the Scientific Fluidics business. I'm talking about Viking, Warren Rupp, right? Gast. Even though our Rescue business is struggling, if you look at the brands within rescue, they're outstanding. If you look at our BAND-IT brand, even though it's got headwinds from oil and gas, they are a franchise business. I can go kind of down through that list. And so, they've got great positioning, terrific fundamental economics, we're going to – we are investing for growth, we incent for growth around those businesses pretty aggressively. And by the way, we differentiate how we think about resource allocation with those businesses. On the flip side – and by the way, I would say that it's much more biased today around new product and new channel than it is anything else. The other part of it is, we've got about a quarter of our business, a little bit less than a quarter, that I'm going to put into the category of fix, meaning they don't have IDEX-like profitability. Now, to be clear, I think a lot of people we [kill] for the profitability of what we call fix. You're talking about EBITDA margins that are solidly in the mid-to-upper teens, but they're not in the mid-teens or mid-20%s rather EBITDA margins like all of IDEX. So there's a series of businesses in there that we still can – we think can move and can fix. They look like our fire business that's had a 1,000-basis point improvement over the last several years. And so there are some businesses squarely in there, that, boy, we think we can move the margins very substantially. And by the way, a bunch of the performance that you see in here, we've had great performance in those fixed businesses through the first quarter. And then you got a small portion of the business that's kind of – we define it as outperform, meaning, we want you to win in your markets. We expect you to keep up with the competition, but you're kind of not in either one of those categories today. So, that's how we differentiate. And we really think about resource allocation and we think about the mission that each one of those businesses have really clearly upon where they fit in to the definitions. And they understand their missions.
Andrew Silvernail: Thank you, Rob. I appreciate that. So, everyone, first of all, I appreciate you taking the time to spend with us to talk about the first quarter. Our comments, hopefully, everyone's walking away with the clarity of our message, which is, we think we're executing quite well in a continued challenging market. There has been some stability in the markets, which is good, but we still think there's still lots of challenges here ahead, but we're very, very well-positioned, and I'm thrilled with how our teams have performed. Our folks throughout IDEX have really performed well to make sure that we're delivering value for our customers, for the people who work at IDEX and, very importantly, for you, our shareholders. So, I appreciate your time, and we look forward to talking to you in the future. Take care.
Heath Mitts: Hey, Mike. It's Heath. Not a ton. Akron's activity doesn't have a tremendous amount of seasonality to it. Once we fully layer in the Akron numbers to our diversified segment, inclusive of all the ongoing intangible amortization and so forth, it will have an impact on operating margins down as we begin the journey to build up Akron's profitability closer to IDEX-like levels. But, in general, the order book for Akron doesn't have a tremendous amount of seasonality.
Heath Mitts: Mike, just to follow on with that, as we think about the second quarter, as I know you're doing your modeling, we do have a little bit of lumpiness on a year-over-year basis in Q2 for HST, specifically, and that's not so much related to the instrumentation customers. It's more related to our MPT, the material process technologies, where we had some – a couple of – Q2 will have a couple of more difficult comps that we're coming up against in the second quarter that don't repeat later in the year. So, I just guide that to help you calibrate.
Heath Mitts: Steve, this is Heath. It was a little bit lower in the quarter mainly driven by HST, and that's generally because as we've gotten further along with some of the bigger OEM contracts, that's become a bigger piece of the pie. Specifically, for HST, we don't generally reopen those contracts for pricing-related things. But it was a little bit lower than the 1%. But, for the year, I think, modeling probably just inside of 1% is a good number in total for IDEX.
Heath Mitts: Kevin, let's see. Let's tackle the easy one first. The interest expense is going to be $0.02 per share. The incremental is what we're anticipating for the year. And that includes, potentially, what we may or may not do in terms of trimming out some of the balance sheet as we think of that through the second half of the year. So it's a $0.02. The other piece to think about is there's certainly going to be a timing element of that. Andy addressed some of that earlier. We are going to work our way through the total purchase price accounting, step-up cost for the inventory in the first and second quarters. So, that'll have a bigger impact in the negative in the first and second quarters. And then, obviously, in the third and fourth quarter, we won't have those same costs. So you'll also get the full-on Akron Brass operating contribution. So, in terms of modeling, there's a little bit of differences, neutral for the year, but it does have a difference between the first and the second half.
Heath Mitts: Sure. Absent purchase price accounting and absent any intangible amortization, so let's just stick with EBITDA, because I think that's the best apples to apples comparison. It runs about 500 basis points lower than our existing Fire Suppression business. And our existing Fire Suppression business is plus or minus in line with the rest of IDEX, maybe just a tad lower. So, there's 500 basis points that as a stand-alone Akron Brass business that we're going to tackle out of the gate. I would suggest the timing of that's going to take a couple of years to get it up to speed. There's some operating decisions, some footprint discussions underway as we bring the two businesses together, our existing Fire Suppression business with the Akron Brass business. But, as those things happen and we integrate the commercial teams and go through all of that, I think we'll start to realize the synergies in the next two years.
