Andrew K. Silvernail: There are really two things and first you’ve got to segment it out a little bit, Jim, right? The first thing is that if you look at MPT and industrial, those are solid, they are okay. And it's the micro-fluidic business that has been the gap that we've talked about is consistent with what we’ve talked about. And there are two things that give us confidence in a back half on a year-over-year basis being better than the first half. The first one is really the market’s outlook. So what they are talking about and we are very, very close to this customer base on a global basis and it really is a global customer base.  The second piece is that the comps frankly just become a lot easier when you look at the second half. The comps in the first half of this year, we are going against very strong product releases that happened last year and were really a bubble in that business. So those are really the two things that give me confidence that we see a better year-over-year comparison as we get into the second half. 
Andrew K. Silvernail: It’s still there to some degree. There are some earnings releases that have been coming out here and there. And so we’ll see how that places itself through. It’s still a factor, Jim, but I think it was a bigger factor in the last half of last year. 
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah, no doubt. Well first, I think the – on the positive side, very positive side, India and Southeast Asia are really strong. We’re seeing nice activity across the board in day rate and in projects. So we’re feeling pretty good there. I think we’ve seen like everybody else has seen Jim, that the China market has slowed and we’ve got to be careful about saying softness, because softness when you’re talking about China and softness when you’re talking about Western Europe or the US are two different things. So it’s still solid growth, but you remember we were posting very, very strong year-over-year growth rates for a long time with markets that were double-digits. And that’s coming down some and we are slowing to some degree too. But it’s still very attractive. 
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. Jim, most of the deals that are down in the pipeline now are kind of our sweet spot stuff. $25 million to $100 million fits exceptionally well into an existing platform. PPC is a great example and it’s a really small deal, but it solves really a pretty good size strategic need for us and it tucks right in there. So we’re seeing a lot of things like that pretty balanced between HST and FMT generally across the board. So we feel good about that. So in the sweet spot and pretty balanced generally within the pipeline. In terms of valuations, I would say that what we’re looking at are really look. They’re not nosebleeds like we saw at this time last year. At the same time it’s not bargain basement. But I would say there are deals that we feel very, very good about being able to get a really nice return on invested capital.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, I think you’ve got a couple of things, Charlie. This is Andy. The first one is that this whole municipal market took a heck of a hit coming out of the recession and unlike a lot of the rest of the world, didn’t rebound until, if you recall from our earlier calls over the last really two years, this business hasn’t seen the rebound that most of the other industries and segments have seen. And so we’re coming up pretty low bottom, number one. Number two, they’ve done a nice job in some adjacent markets and they’ve done a nice job internationally of penetrating some business that we hadn’t had before. So we’re seeing some progress there. We have not seen what I would call a rebound in the US fire truck market which is the biggest segment of this business. So this is really about the team doing a very, very good job of executing and what I’d still say is muddling around the bottom. Now that being said, we think over time as tax receipts improve and that has started to happen, this is a business that will pick up some with a much better cost structure by the way.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Scott, that’s a good insight. That’s exactly right on the first half of the question. If you would back this time last year and even the previous 18 months to that, what you saw were some outstanding organic growth driven by strong product cycles. So you hit that on the head. The product cycle now I’d say generally is not as robust as it was. It’s still pretty good though. So I wouldn’t discount it all the way. So these guys are very innovative. The business has moved globally aggressively over the last three to five years. And so I expect there to continue to be very strong innovation, very strong product development.  These are not businesses that sit down for two, three years in a row from a product innovation. So our expectation is that that pipeline is going to continue to be full and that these businesses – you just look at the external environment about – I always ask the question, you think more is tested next year than this year in terms of the overall testing that happens in the world that these analytical instruments are touchy? And that answer is absolutely yes and these are very innovative growth companies that we think will drive growth over time
Andrew K. Silvernail: We actually did and that connects back to the fire statement that I had a second ago which says that if you look at the overall drivers in that industry, certainly in the western world, it’s driven by tax receipts and what we’ve said pretty consistently is we didn’t expect a rebound until you started seeing tax receipts go up. Tax receipts have increased modestly. I think that’s the way to say it. Modestly at the municipal level and there’s some pent up demand. But don’t get me wrong. I don’t see this thing taking off like a rocket ship in the near future, but it is a good sign.Joe Radigan – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, we don’t break it out quite like that. We talk about it by the platform. If you look at it by platform is how we think of it. To answer your question, industrial markets generally is pretty good. It’s pretty solid.Nathan Jones – Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Not materially, no.John Moore – C.L. King & Associates, Inc.: Okay. That’s all I got. I’ll get back in queue.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, first of all just again thank you everybody for your attention to IDEX and your support. Bottom line, we had a really good start to the year and we’re happy about that and the platform strategy that we’ve put in place and the focus on execution I’m very pleased with. Our teams out in the field have just done an outstanding job and we’re exceptionally proud of them. And we’ve got some integration work to do and we’re tackling that head on. So we’re very happy and again thank you very much all of you for taking the time this morning. Take care.
Heath A. Mitts: HST was down 450 year-over-year. Most of that was attributable to the acquisitions, the results of some mix impact where we had higher MPT material sales, material process technology sales in the quarter versus some of the scientific fluidic business. So there’s a margin differential between those two. But the acquisition impact was the lion share.
Heath A. Mitts: It’s almost impossible to do that now because the integrations both on the MPT side as well as on the optic side have been integrated in with the existing incumbent properties in those platforms. So it’s almost impossible because we’ve shifted costs around so much and as we’ve built out those platforms it wouldn’t be meaningful.
Heath A. Mitts: It’s a global customer and we’re not able to quantify it. But it’s a global customer that we do business with.
Heath A. Mitts: Yeah, absolutely. We had very good risk control performance especially in the emerging markets and Southeast Asia and in the Middle East. The fire business, fire suppression business actually where it’s been a bump along the bottom and we’ve talked about for several quarters, is beginning to see a little bit of upside. Not so much a big recovery in the US market, but some of the international opportunities and then Band-It has been very strong, continues to grow double digits. So we would have definitely been into the double digits.
Heath A. Mitts: I’m sorry. Scott, this is Heath. That would get into pre-ownership for most of it, with the exception of Semrock which we owned from 2008 forward. So to be honest with you, I’m not trying to be evasive, but I couldn’t even tell you what that is. That would be hard.
Heath A. Mitts: Yeah. The $20 million to $25 million is a number we’ve talked about for three or four years I want to say in there and you’re absolutely – you’re right, Scott. We have focused in the last two years even more on getting cost benefits that we think are out there and some low hanging fruit that we didn’t get at frankly in the ’08, the early ’10 timeframe. And so there’s more benefit to be gotten. The $20 million to $25 million is a good rule of thumb, frankly. We were internally reaching for more than that.
