Andy Silvernail: Yes, it was about $6 million in total that we shipped pretty much in the last week of the month. So, it was substantial and it flowed through at some pretty decent levels. And so that’s a big piece of the operational execution. And just remember, Nathan, this is stuff that’s been sitting in backlog for an awful long time. It’s pretty unpredictable when it ships and both – or actually two or three of them just kind of broke at the exact same time.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, not of substance, Nathan. We have got some smaller things here and there. As you know, we don’t have a lot of large things that tend to sit in backlog. These are things that are being shipped to North Africa, the Middle East and they require letters of credit and an incredibly painful process to get them shipped. And frankly, they are incredibly unpredictable and we had not had them in our forecast. We actually had them in the forecast for later in the year and they happened to break in the second quarter.
Andy Silvernail: You certainly lose visibility into the distribution channel, although I will say that the businesses that we saw then tend to be pretty good predictors for us, so with the exception of one. So, we saw strength at Viking [indiscernible]. When I say strength, it means stability, so not improvement necessarily, Nathan. But certainly, the decrease stopped at Viking, at Rupp and at the industrial businesses within or the industrial distribution business within BAND-IT. The one counter to that is we still saw some softness at Gast. And typically, Gast kind of goes along with those other three. So, that was the one contra-indicator, but those other three were good signs.
Andy Silvernail: That was – so, the comment was really specific to BAND-IT, which has very, very short cycle delivery and it was more around the MRO marketplace. And so I think, again, I want to be really clear. We are not calling for any kind of recovery. Just it really struck us how tightly correlated the improvement in the BAND-IT MRO business was when that ticked above $50. And so I just – what that tells me, Nathan, is just how tight the overall supply chain is. And the fact that when you do see recovery, I think it’s going to be – it’s going to come at a pace that’s going to move pretty quickly, especially around parts and service.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I think, first of all, Steve, you got to keep it in perspective. That’s a, to get there, that’s a $550 million quarter, which is what we just did. Now, we did burn some backlog in the second quarter. We would expect that to reverse itself to some degree. So, it’s not – while the flat versus 4 or down 1 versus 4 seems like a giant number, recognize it’s that when you look at it from a comp perspective and you look at on a sequential perspective, it’s not that big a number, it’s the same number we delivered this quarter.
Andy Silvernail: That’s just a more – remember, that’s the most lumpy of our business, right, when it comes right down to it. And so you will see that disconnect between order and sales that you don’t see in the other businesses. There is nothing there that jumps out to you that says that, that is – has a significant disconnect from history or that’s a big red flag in the future. I don’t see that happening.
Andy Silvernail: Steve, I think you may have us confused as somebody else. We haven’t reported any new product sales numbers in years.
Andy Silvernail: It is a little bit stronger, Matt, than what we had seen. Now typically, you will see some difference between early on in the month – early on in the quarter to later on in the quarter, but it did improve especially on the sales basis. But even on the orders, it was a little bit better than what we have seen in the past.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, let me go back and look at that. I am going to say yes, but I don’t have the number right in front of me. Just by the nature of where it was coming out in April versus where we ended for the quarter, the answer to that is going to be yes, but let me caution you on that, right. Any one month of orders and/or sales is not a good barometer for direction.
Andy Silvernail: No, it’s just normal stuff. You end up typically as you come into the year with a pretty large wish list, right. And as the year gets down, as you look at the ability of the units to actually absorb the capital, it just tightens over time. That’s a pretty natural pattern for us.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I think the bottom has come up a little bit, Allison. So, I certainly – I am not going to take away all the concern that I had. If I look back toward last quarter, the big concerns that I have really had were around softness on the industrial side potentially moving into a recession and then the really big questions on China and then finally, just kind of the constant concerns in Europe. And so if I were to kind of step forward and say what’s changed instead in China, it stays exactly the same. I think Europe, we have actually performed better. We have had pretty strong performance, specifically in dispensing and in water. But the Brexit stuff, it just puts a level of uncertainty that frankly it’s hard to get your hands around what exactly that could mean. So, I would say, in total, I would say that’s modestly worse than where we were a quarter ago. And in the U.S., with another quarter of stabilization in industrial distribution, I think that’s modestly better.
Andy Silvernail: Not necessarily. As you know, we kind of think of our pipeline around kind of four major areas, right. So, industrial fluids, HST components, engineered fastening and then around fire and safety. So, if you look at our pipeline, it’s pretty decent throughout. I will say that within the HST world, things are still at really frothy levels and so you have just not seen as many opportunities nor is the cultivation kind of moving along as rapidly as you would love. That being said, in the other three areas, it’s pretty good. So, we are continuing to work that. We work it every single month. So, it’s just an ongoing strategic process for us. And right now, it looks pretty decent.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, it’s nothing definitive. And just to give you some kind of some sense of what it all looks like, right. So, if you look at our total revenue, it’s about 5% or so of the business that’s moving through the UK. Our cost base is actually on a comparative basis is a little bit higher. So, we actually have a decent hedge there all in all. So, I don’t think we are going to get pounded from transactional or a translational perspective. It’s pretty well hedged. And so far, we haven’t seen that play it sell-through, except for how currencies have moved and what that’s done on a translational basis. I think the bigger concern for me, Charlie, is if that starts contagion, right. That’s I think the UK in and of itself is, not a huge concern. The bigger concern is that if it starts to kind of snowball such role here throughout Europe.
Andy Silvernail: Well, except for Gast, right. So, Gast is a pretty good size business for us and it’s a good profit generator. And unlike what we saw in FMT, where we saw Viking and Rupp, we saw some really nice stabilization there. We did see continued softness into gas. And remember, Gast has a good chunk of its business that’s going into the scientific world and then it’s got the majority of its business, frankly, that’s general industrial. And that’s the general industrial piece that continued to be soft. And so we are keeping an eye on it. But if you look at the four of the – four things that we kind of look at as early indicators: Viking, Rupp, Gast, and BAND-IT. Three of the four certainly saw some positive signs from stabilization, Gast was the outlier.
Andy Silvernail: You got to remember, Scott, when you – the stuff that came out this morning for some of the distributors are the commodity distributors, right. And we played very minimally there. We are playing more in the value-added side of distribution that bring engineering content to work. So, I fully recognize that what you saw specifically out of Grainger here this morning flies in the face of some of the stuff that what we saw in the quarter, but remember, we just don’t play a lot in their world of distribution.
Andy Silvernail: They are really not, Scott. Those guys all play in that same world of pretty much commoditized piece parts. So, I think we touch them very modestly. Now that being said, I fully – we pay attention to them too and what’s going on with in the marketplace. And so I think that’s you are making an important point here. What we are seeing are signs of stability. To be very, very clear, we are not seeing signs of continued erosion. And I think what we are seeing in the marketplace and everybody had been seeing in the marketplace, certainly around anything that was commodities related and then the derivative impact had been continued negatives. And what we are seeing is some stability. I know that’s not exactly the most encouraging statement in the world, but stability to me is encouraging given what we had been experiencing.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, listen, Scott. We are – I will give you an unfulfilling answer and that is that we are always in different levels of diligence for a variety of different things and some things break our way and some things don’t and we will see, but you would expect the process that we have followed historically would be consistent with what we would do for the remainder of this year and going forward.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So, again, the answer – let me touch two things and then I will get into the question. The first one is I think it’s recognized that the $550 million is the identical number to what we just delivered. So, it’s not like we are looking at a big giant step up here. So, I think it’s important to note that we are not calling for some massive breakout and sequential economic performance here in the fourth quarter. That being said, we do have some visibility with some of the large chunks of business that Heath mentioned earlier that we see kind of moving us sequentially to that number. We do have some natural seasonality. And so when you put those two things together, it’s just not a huge reach to get to that $550 million. And so is it $445 million, is it $555 million, plus or minus, but around that number it feels pretty good.
Andy Silvernail: Our visibility in the fourth quarter is not dependent upon a lot of project activity. There are some natural things that would be more seasonal in nature and for instance the energy business, but not necessarily project activity in that regard. But if you go back over time, I think you would see that Q2 and Q4 largely would have similar profiles.
Andy Silvernail: We are fully funding the things that we outlined for the year. We are moving forward with the investment in the facility in China that we have talked about. And we are actively investing in and pursuing investments. So, this is more, Andrew, just the tightening of expectations kind of given what we see, how people are going to absorb capital here through the balance of the year.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So first of all, Brett, again, as I mentioned before the disconnect between the 9% down organic in orders, right and the 1% in sales, that’s a very typical – that gap between those two things is not substantial. As you look across the businesses, again the places that have been – have sort of strength, dispensing showed strength. BAND-IT has continued to be weaker, right, whether because of the industrial exposure as compared to last year. Rescue has been weaker, really with the international rescue tools, marketplace continuing to be soft. And the fire business has been okay, generally, so when you kind of put that together, that’s the bulk of the split.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, they do to some degree. From a BAND-IT perspective, it gets easier really around the oil and gas side of the marketplace. Rescue is a little bit of a wildcard just because – it’s been soft now. We are into 1.5 year here, frankly, of the rescue business, the international rescue business being soft. Mind you, the U.S. business has been terrific. And eDRAULIC 2.0 and now StrongArm have continued to be good pieces of business for us. It’s really around countries that are buying through central purchasing that you have seen the weakness. Obviously, in the Middle East and in Indonesia, with a lot of the crisis that’s going on around the world there. That’s been the weak part. So, while theoretically there are easy comps, we are expecting that business to be pretty soft here through the back half of the year.
Andy Silvernail: So I think, with both of them, we are targeting about a 500 basis point profit improvement over a 3-year period. And obviously, we would work to bring that forward as much as possible. So, the basic economics of both businesses look very, very similar to our original fire business. And our fire business has meaningfully better overall economics that we think we can get close to with both Akron and the AWG over time. So, we are going to see a nice improvement in profitability and therefore driving returns on capital both those businesses from that. On the commercial side, the benefits on the commercial side are certainly in the U.S., as you look at the Akron business and our existing fire business, there is a lot of channel overlap, but I think there is a lot of opportunity to bring a better overall product portfolio to market. And to be able to do that in a way where we are bringing kind of all of the high value content from a flow perspective to the OEMs and to the marketplace. So, I think there is definitely some benefit there. In terms of AWG, AWG and Akron were both the leading players in their respective markets. And so you got the number one player in the U.S., the number one player in Europe. There are some materials in technology differences that will take some time to play through. You are not going to just willy-nilly integrate things that don’t make sense. You want to be really sensible about that. And the channel overlap is a little bit less there. Although there are some nice benefits of having it within the Lucas umbrella, AWG within our Lucas umbrella, which is our principal rescue tool business.
Andy Silvernail: There is absolutely no reason that we wouldn’t achieve those targets. If you assume that you move from what has been a flattish world to a 2% to 3% world, there is no reason that we wouldn’t be able to deliver at those rates. If you saw something that was better than that, say 3% to 4%, I believe for some period of time, you would see even higher incrementals.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So Matthew, I think you are mixing and matching a few things. So, let me separate them out. The first one is around those projects specifically. About half of that $6 million we had baked into our expectations and about half wasn’t. And obviously, you guys wouldn’t have any insight to that going into the quarter and so you are talking $3ish million or so of revenue that was a little bit better than expected plus or minus. In terms of that relative to the commentary of stability, you are really talking about two very different markets, right. One is the projects we are talking about were principally around energy and things that had set in backlog for quite some time. And the comments around stability were really around the North American industrial markets. So, two different pieces that I think is important to distinguish.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, nothing that’s material. That’s been a good news story for that part of the business here for a couple of years now as spending has started to increase. As you know, the aggregate spending itself is not that big a deal, right. So, how much is being spent by NIH is not that big a deal. It tends to be a catalyst for the industry, right. So, the $35 billion or so dollars that gets spent by NIH and it gets distributed incredibly broadly across the scientific complex in and of itself does not drive a lot of business. It is really what it does to catalyze the industry around research and around production. So in my view, it continues to be a net positive, but I don’t think it is something that’s an inflection.
Andy Silvernail: The pipeline has been pretty good already with AWG and with Akron, in total. We have put a decent amount of money to work. And we have laid out a very clear capital deployment strategy for people and how we have thought about share repurchase and the combination of those two things are part of our discipline.
Andy Silvernail: So Jim, we don’t break it down that finitely. But just to give you some kind of bigger picture, about half of it, you would call industrial and about half you would call truly scientific. And so you can kind of piece together that the scientific stuff is up low to mid single-digit generally and the industrial stuff is kind of down the same, plus or minus in the quarter. And I think what you get is you get some firming from the industrial side in the back half and about the same kind of rates on the scientific side as you think about the back half. And that those are very general numbers.
Andy Silvernail: I think in the short-term, I think the muni spend generally tends to have more stickiness to it, Jim, just because the budget cycles move much slower. And I think that’s true in Europe as well as in the United States. So with big economic shifts of any kind, municipal tends to be a laggard in one way or the other, right, whether it’s a positive laggard or a negative laggard. That being said, the concern, right, that I have, that concern around contagion, if that were to play itself out, it’s going to be a tough world there, right. And so far, there aren’t kind of screaming indicators of that being the case. But obviously, we are watching pretty closely. If we start to see it unraveling, if we start to see two or three other significant countries decide that they no longer want to play. Our view is that, that gets messy pretty fast.
Andy Silvernail: Walter, I would not put it in the phrase of programs or processes. It’s what we do, right. And it’s just how you run the businesses. And there is no doubt that the economic conditions have been challenging and we have faced that too. But when you lay us out against our peer group and I actually think we – even though I am not very thrilled with the performance, I think we have performed pretty well organically, even though it’s been a challenge. And if you kind of layer that out against our peer group that we call it in our proxy or really the peer group that we get compared against, I think you would see that we have pretty favorable results both organically and in total. That being said, how we think about this, Walt, is we have got about two-thirds of our businesses that I have squarely put in the growth category. And in our businesses that we are going to continue to very, very aggressively fund and drive for organic performance. And then we have got about 25% that I have put in the world of fix where there is something substantially that needs to be changed in those businesses to position them for future growth and then you got some stuff that’s kind of in the middle that you are really asking to hold their own in the marketplace and certainly win, but you are not asking for giant ambitions around growth. And so our process is really around differentiating where different businesses fit in that world and then investing and have expectations that are differential and that’s how we think about our portfolio and that’s how we think about driving performance. So – and those businesses that are in that fixed category, our expectation is really around total profit growth, right, expansion in margin and total profit growth. And those businesses that are in the growth category, it’s around finding product in market entrants and application that you can drive it differentially. And so that’s how we break it down and think of it not so much as a program or new process.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, sure. So Matt, as you know, we don’t touch that very closely. It’s a very, very, very small part of our business. You are talking 2%, 3% that plays in that world generally, yes, that’s playing in that large scale bid world and so we don’t have – we are not going to be the experts on visibility into that world. Except to say, for those places that we do touch it, there has not been a material increase, right. So, the benefits that we got at BAND-IT were around MRO as you saw kind of oil spike. In terms of the other small pieces where we play upstream, there has been no – nothing materially changed in overall activity rates. I know, rig counts have inched up here recently, but we haven’t seen anything that would tell us that there is a significant turnaround on the near horizon.
Andy Silvernail: So, Matt, when it comes to the life science side, the cycles tend to be driven more around new products than on kind of market demand. Market demand in many, many ways gets defined by new product introduction, right. So, as you are able to cure, to test, to develop new things with new technologies that tends to be the stimulant for demand around the life science world. And I think we are in a pretty good phase right now, where new products are launching. I think there is a pretty good cycle here in 2016, 2017. So, I expect it to be pretty decent. That being said, we have seen in the past as you get a bulk of new product introduction, sometimes you will see a quarter or so pause as they are ramping up to move through their channels. So, we keep an eye up for that. There is nothing that tells us that’s eminent, but we definitely keep an eye up. But I think generally, we are still in the early to mid innings of that phase there. I think on the municipal side, Matt, we are still pretty early. And what I mean by that is you just got to remember how tight municipal spending was for so long. So, certainly in the Western world, what if you are in 2 years in to the expansion here for improvement and we think you have got another, at least 3 or so years, maybe even longer assuming you don’t get a major macroeconomic shutdown. That would tighten budgets and that would tighten municipal spending, but there is still – there is a lot of backlog in municipal spending in the Western world right now.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So, I mean again, I am not as worried about the UK itself so to speak, because I feel like we are in a pretty good position where our – when you compare our revenue base and our cost base, I think we are in a pretty good spot. So, depending upon how dramatic currencies change, depending upon whether or not you start to see inflation in the UK, the places that you could see is we have got 5% of our business that’s in the UK, you could see some inflation ramp up there, so you got to keep your head around that. And then the other partial there it’s how demand switches patterns. I don’t see a big issue with that again because of the hedges, the natural hedge that we have between where we build and where we sell. Again, Jim, I think the bigger concern for me is if this starts to roll itself through broader Europe. That’s my bigger concern.
Andy Silvernail: We haven’t seen anything yet. There is just a lot of noise. And so when you see that amount of noise and I am also realistic about the European Union. With everything that’s going on, it’s still – there is a lot of fragility to it. And a major player deciding it doesn’t want to play anymore can have the effects of starting to unravel some pretty important pieces.
Andy Silvernail: Ultimately, it’s a little hard to tell. And these are things that require cash on hand and letter of credit, so nothing of note.
Andy Silvernail: Obviously, with both AWG and with Akron, we got – we bought the businesses at reasonable valuations. A lot of it has to do with what properties are available. And so obviously, with Akron, that was driven by the sellers need. And I think we have mentioned in the past, we had been talking to them and about that business for some time. And as they decided strategically what they needed to do, that really opened up the opportunity. And then of course, Akron was owned – excuse me, AWG was owned by a private equity firm. And as pieces and parts start to move in any one industry, it tends to catalyze other movement and that had been owned for a few years and whatnot and they had done some good things with it. And so I think our purchase of Akron probably started to open up that market a little bit and we were the natural buyer in both cases.
Andy Silvernail: Personally, I don’t see that happening. There is nothing – there is lots of little things, but there is nothing that would fit that definition today. So, I wouldn’t expect it today. I mean, obviously, it’s the greatest thing in the world at a very cheap price were to come up. Certainly, we would consider it. But as it looks right now, I don’t see anything kind of on the immediate horizon like you have described.
Andy Silvernail: Well, thank you all very much. I appreciate the questions here today and I appreciate your interest in IDEX and the support of the business. When it’s all said and done, the conditions that remain today are very similar to what we have seen in the past year or so, with some benefits of some industrial stability here in the United States that we saw in the quarter. But mostly, it’s really around the team’s ability to execute and that’s what I am most proud of is our ability to continue to drive performance in an environment that is still murky. And so I really appreciate my team and I thank them for all their performance. And I look forward to talking to you all again here in 90 days. Thank you.
Heath Mitts: Nathan, this is Heath. Largely, it’s the things that we have visibility to in the fourth quarter. As you know, there is a little bit of seasonality in some of our businesses, specifically around oil and gas and a few things in the rescue tools side. So, it’s our current outlook in terms of where we see the third and fourth quarter coming in. But most of that growth is going to come from the fourth quarter – the fourth quarter numbers. And obviously, we will get smart over the next 90 days and sharpen our pencils if that changes.
Heath Mitts: Yes. Steve, that’s – obviously, that’s the smallest segment. And it’s a little bit of the tyranny of small numbers a little bit in terms of just a couple of million can swing it either way. So, I wouldn’t read anything into that.
Heath Mitts: I will have to look at it. I am not sure what you are referencing. I apologize. I am happy to follow up with you on that, but let me take that offline.
Heath Mitts: Well, Matt, this is Heath. Most of that, as you can imagine, is offshore. And most of it resides in Europe with some in China as well. So, it would be fair to say we could probably pretty easily get our hands on about $200 million of it without having to do too much on the tax side in terms of dividending things back and forth. But it’s somewhere between $150 million, $200 million will be easily accessible and then all of a sudden, it gets a little more challenging.
Heath Mitts: Yes, for sure, Scott, this is Heath. We are – the numbers in Q2 were very consistent with what we have seen in the past both on the absolute gross pricing as well as the spread that we would see in this environment.
Heath Mitts: I think on the organic fronts, the comps, specifically for fire and safety and diversified segment, again much, much easier in the fourth quarter.
Heath Mitts: In total, for the segment. So, I think in the third quarter, we can still see some pressure just based on where the prior year came in. But in the fourth quarter, without much sequential improvement, we do see quite a step up on the organic side.
