Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. I think we actually did a little bit of work here, maybe a little bit deeper than we had in the past, in advance to this call, we assume that this would be something people want to talk about. From an order perspective, if we – we broke it down along our major businesses, and what we are estimating is about half of what we're seeing in order growth is coming from market and about half is discrete win that we can put our finger on, kind of, really clearly that we can walk through. You've got some big ones around – some big wins that have happened in – around Life Sciences, in the Scientific Fluidics & Optics. You've got some other big wins around Viking, the LACT skids investment has been a big win for us, our Water businesses generally. There, it's more kind of singles, buns and singles that we're winning. It's not one big new product but you add that up together, and those are some good numbers. So those three areas, in particular, are the big drivers. But right now, if you look at that 9% organic order growth, we think about half of it is market and about half of it is discretely from our initiatives.
Andrew K. Silvernail: I don't think so, Allison. It was – the overall mix equation was pretty stable for the most part. So if you kind of look at how few things played out, it had some pretty big puts and takes within HST. And what I mean by that is, you had really strong growth in life sciences, which is better-than-average margins, and you also had really strong growth in Sealing, which is a little bit lower, just because they have more amortization there. And then we did have some inefficiencies, as I said in supply chain. If you look at where those came to, it was about $3 million of inefficiencies that we can put our finger on as we saw some growth accelerate, and we had to do some catch up in supply chain, mostly around HST. But we think we'll get those cleaned up through the balance of the year.
Andrew K. Silvernail: You know, Nathan, part of what you saw in the engineering expenses for the year, that was actually a little bit above our expectation as the year has gone on and we performed better than our earlier expectations. We have put – we put even more money there. I don't see huge constraints in the intermediate-term. In the short term, you may have some constraints around people and engineering, just capacity. And so we're starting to alleviate some of that. But I think we've really taken the point of view consistently that we're going to fully fund. And so it's not something we really – we've backed off on. So manufacturing constraints, I don't see that very much. Maybe some short-term around engineering that we're working to alleviate. And then I think supply chain, as we've talked about, really though, last quarter, we started talking about it, maybe even the quarter before. Supply chain, I think, will become, it will become the kind of bottleneck. It's something that we're all going to be able to get our arms around. And certainly in areas that we start growing over and above the 9% in order growth, we have seen some strains there. And we got to make sure that we stay ahead of that curve.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. I mean, a little bit, Nathan, but I wouldn't expect us to be underneath that 35% target. I can't see why that would be the case. So if you constrain – I said this many times, if you constrain your spending, and you get a quick ramp up, then, obviously, the incrementals can be big. I think we have enough visibility, and we are targeting enough areas that we should see incrementals to be healthy, north of that 35% range. But I don't want to hamper our spending to get five more points of incremental in the quarter when we're really kind of thinking about the long-term here.
Andrew K. Silvernail: It's possible, again, Nathan, I'm not – if I've got to make trade-offs, right, which I'm making sure that we're continuing to reach investment, to maximize our investment around very, very high return projects, we're delivering a 45% incremental, I'll trade of the investments, right, because I'll take that very attractive 35% with promise for greater long-term growth than a short term 40% or 45%.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah. So if you remember last quarter, my hesitancy was really around two things. One was, what I'll call the geopolitical risks that are out there; and the second was really around that we had not started to see sustained investments in larger things. Those are the two things that kind of gave me caution. I would put the geopolitical silliness at the exact same level than before. I don't think it's gotten better and I don't think it's gotten particularly worse. What I would say is, we are starting to see some more structural investment by industrially, not necessarily via governments, but we are starting to see some of that. And so that gives me some more confidence. And we're starting to see some of the businesses that had lagged bottom. I think the midstream energy is a good example of that. And so I do – I feel better that the balance of this year and probably into early 2018, there's more visibility than I think we had six months ago.
Andrew K. Silvernail: And so it was – if you actually went through, it was the orders were $183 million, $196 million, $207 million. That's how they went April, May, June. And sales were $174 million, $189 million, $210 million. And so that's a very normal pattern for us. And so that's a pretty good sign. If it was $150 million then $250 million at either ends of the barbell, you might be a little more worried. But that was a good pattern.
Andrew K. Silvernail: It's good question, Mike. We've got more in the pipeline and there's more things further down than we've had in a little while. The thing that gives me pause is a number of things we've seen. We've seen prices really run at the last minute. And you just know how we feel about that. And so this is more stuff further down than we were talking here 90 days ago, but I think there's still a lot of volatility in getting things over the line just because of the nature of the marketplace.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, we talked about it in the last quarter. It's in the $5 million range, plus or minus. So it's certainly meaningful to the overall dispensing business and meaningful to the FSD segment. Obviously, it's less meaningful to the company as a whole. But we expected that. We're 90 days behind where we thought would be, to be honest with you, and we're hoping that will – there's no reason we believe it won't happen. But this is where we've got to work with our customers for what's best for them in terms of their own timing. So there's no reason to believe the order won't happen, and it won't turn into sales, but the timing is delayed.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. I'll say three things. One is the broad-based nature, right? So, because if you look at our portfolio, we are so diversified and we touch so many end markets that when you see it as broad-based at this, that's a good sign, right? It's a good sign of a healthy and improving economy; that's number one. Number two, we can very clearly pick out where we are driving incremental revenue, and where we're seeing the wins coming from, discrete actions that have been in place for a long period of time. So for me, that's very important. And then the final one is the work that we've done around segmenting our businesses and really understanding how and where we're going to compete. It makes me believe, and actually know, that the revenue that we're looking at is high-quality revenue. It's high return, high-margin, high return revenue. And I think it's a good overall story for IDEX within what I'll call an improving environment.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, Scott, the story is really not different than what's been. We're still between 0.5 and 1 point in price across our businesses. The FMT businesses have done – typically get more price. HST, we've got larger customer concentration, a lot of multi-year contracts. And so we tend not to get as much price, so it will be negligible. It'll be positive, but negligible. And then FSD is kind of in the middle. So that pattern really hasn't changed. There's nothing materially different.
Andrew K. Silvernail: If you – Scott, don't hold me to this, but if you neutralized for no more acquisitions, let's just say you didn't add it, you're probably somewhere – it goes into the 15% to 20% range. So call it 10 points or so of that bucket move out into one of the other buckets. So we're making the progress we had hoped to make.
Andrew K. Silvernail: It's actually been really good. It's exceeded our expectations compared to what we went to with the model. So now it's a little bit hard to discretely pick out the organic growth because we have started to put together the sales channels, and you are starting to put the businesses together. So as we go forward, it will get more difficult to pick out exactly what's the difference between Fire – our legacy fire and Akron-AWG because they're going to be coming together. So probably by the end of this year, we actually won't talk discreetly about those. But there are at/or above our expectations.
Andrew K. Silvernail: So the most volatility – but when you look at over time, right, and you say how much do one of those pillars change in terms of going into the funnel, the work that we do with private companies remains really steady, right? That doesn't change very much regardless of the environment. And the reason for that is typically the impetus for selling is a family event rather than an economic event. And so, you see less volatility there. So what we see, specifically, in our funnel now is you're seeing more private equity. That's the biggest change, meaning private equity folks coming to market. And selectively more corporates looking at some small divestitures. Those would be the two biggest things that have changed over time, and those are more driven by market conditions, right? So improvement in their overall businesses and strength in the seller's environment.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, it is. I think the 27% is a good new baseline. You've got a few things that have happened in there that have driven it. And it's a nice combination. So the divestitures were lower margin, overall. So that certainly did help to some degree. But it was small. The big things you have is you've got the impact of the fix businesses, and you've got the rebound in Warren Rupp, Viking and Banjo that are all very nice businesses in terms of their profit profile and contribution. So you put those three things together, and that's the difference.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yeah, the way I would characterize it, you're talking about plus or minus about 15% of our business, right, that's kind of square in that area, that's looking against that new product cycle. I think it's pretty – from our visibility, it's pretty healthy year 2017, 2018 and even into 2019, assuming commercial success, right? We're assuming that our customers are going to have commercial success, and if you assume that, you can see some pretty good picture for us. Not at this kind of rates, right? So double digit organic growth in that area, that's too high. That was an anomaly in those businesses, but we do expect to see north of mid-single-digit organic growth on a compounded basis here for a little while. So that's kind of the impact. The driver of that is, you've got a lot happening in each of those worlds, whether it's the impact of mass spec on analytical instrumentation, the impact of the amount of testing and the exactness of testing in In Vitro Diagnostics and Bio and certainly, DNA sequencing. Those all have good trends compared to say maybe the last three or four years, where that was a little more soft. So hopefully that will dimensionalize it for you.
Andrew K. Silvernail: I don't think so. I think what we've laid out is very consistent, right? We've kind of said, FMT, we're talking somewhere in that 27% range; HST is 23%, and FSD 25%, plus or minus. I think our expectations through the year – they capture what we believe will be the flow-through that allows us to invest at the rate we want to and still get incremental margin expansion at a healthy rate. I don't think there's – I don't believe there's a big upside here that you guys and we haven't captured to any degree.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, so China generally has improved for us. We'd had a couple of soft years in China. And overall, it's actually done a little bit better. In terms of major regulations that are going to impact it, there's nothing that we see there's going to be a major driver. And remember, when all said and done, we're talking about 5% to 6% of sales. So I don't think it's going to be a huge driver to overall success, but I don't see a major inflection point.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, yes. So we've actually had real success here this year, specifically in our Rescue business. As you know, the Rescue business had been soft for really two years. And this year, we've seen some significant improvement. We are actually launching a series of new products for the Fire business out of our Dinglee business, and we think those will be quite successful. But I think we're still early days.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, one of the things that I feel very passionate about, and also very fortunate, is we're not capital constrained when it comes to growth investments, organic growth investments. We do not hold back, we fully fund our organic growth investments, fortunate to have the kind of free cash flow. So through thick and thin, we're going to maximize that and push as hard as we can to drive new market development, new product development, et cetera. And so that's going to be priority one, and it's always going to be priority one in our business because the returns on capital are outstanding and the defensibility of those cash flows long term are outstanding. Secondly, we want you guys to have a consistent view of what dividends are going to be, so kind of 30%, 35% of net income. And then it really comes down to M&A and share repurchase. And so our first priority after those things is going to be, hey, how do we put money to work strategically around building our platforms of businesses that are going to have the same kind of characteristics that we have today. And then, if the market presents the opportunity, to buy back our shares and drive shareholder value in a differentiated way, we'll do so. So we pivot back and forth there. But with all that, patience, to me, is absolutely critical. And so when you're in a marketplace of very high valuations and what I think is oftentimes irrationality around pricing, being patient, being willing to build cash for a period of time and then taking advantage of opportunities when they present themselves aggressively, I think, is the way to do it. So there'll be times when we'll build cash, when it's prudent to do and there'll be times when we get really aggressive, and we deploy capital towards acquisitions or share repurchase when it makes sense.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. So if you kind look at, if i were going to rack and stack the orders in the second quarter, kind of who did what in that world, the life sciences group was – well, actually Sealing and Life Sciences are kind of neck and neck both in the double-digit territory, and we had a pretty tough comp around MPT, but also remember, we told you when we did that facility consolidation with our Materials Process, there was a good chunk of business, around $10 million a year that we're going to walk from. And we saw that here in the quarter as we expected it. And then the industrial stuff is kind of in the middle, right, in the middle between those two things but generally pretty good across the board and certainly, at/or above our expectations.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, well, I guess, you want to talk sustainability and level, right? Because those two things could be different. So as an example, I think that if you look at Muni, I think the sustainability is going to be pretty good, right, but it's going to be at lower levels. I think the life sciences based businesses; they probably have the longest lights that we can see here a little bit. Our Sealing business is really well-positioned. If you look at how they are winning, yes, some of their markets are improving but they are winning some really nice chunks of market share that should be sustainable going out. And then you got some things that are more cyclically driven, although we are doing our own. So if you look at what's going on with Banjo, Warren Rupp, those are more cyclically driven. What's happening to Viking is cyclical, but also we're winning some big chunks of business from discrete actions. So, there is a little bit – then the energy stuff is – we're really kind of at this – at cyclical point where I think we get some improvement in the midstream. That's how I break it down.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, thank you all very much. As we come to a close of this call, obviously, we've had some strength specifically in our order book and, I think, good results. And just acknowledging the team here throughout IDEX, and our 7000-plus associates have done a great job of really grabbing onto a differentiated way of running this business, which is thinking about deep segmentation, making focused investments to grow the business and then real rigor around capital deployment, all kind of within the values that we've laid out here at IDEX and how we execute with our operating model. I just want to thank them for a great job, and I think positioning ourselves for success in the long-term. And also thank you to each of you, the analysts and our investors; I appreciate your time and attention to the company and understanding the company and your support. And we look forward to talking to here in 90 days. Take care.
William K. Grogan: And Nathan, this is Bill. The only thing I'd add is, right. Obviously, we want to go very deep on a limited number of initiatives. I think we've seen the success based upon prioritizing the critical few. So there's a lot around our focus around a small number of initiatives versus expanding the funnel and putting our toe on a bunch of different pools.
William K. Grogan: Yes, just a reminder, about a third of that bucket is our new acquisitions, right? So we continue to deal, you always see that fixed bucket as a certain percentage of our businesses and the two Fire assets that we bought last year are both on track, that 500 basis points. So about year and a half in on Akron and about a year in on AWG, and those are progressing nicely. And SFC is really more about growth story. We're implementing the operating model. Just to capture a few efficiencies on their side.
William K. Grogan: Yeah, so, Patrick, we actually spend very little time looking at that. And I've actually pushed really hard to eliminate what a lot of people call vitality index. And the reason I do is that our business actually thrives because we have very long product life cycles and the defensibility of that is really tremendous. And so I think in the nature of our business, when you put in targets like that, what happens is people start to chase an artificial metric versus thinking about the long term and building the business. And so if you just kind of think of the equation for winning for IDEX, if we outpace our underlying markets by north of 200 basis points on an ongoing basis, the compounding effect of that, the impact of earnings and margins and return on capital is just outstanding. And so our focus is how do we invest to beat our markets by a couple hundred basis points a year. And if we do that consistently, we got a winner.
