Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Mike. Good morning, everybody and thank you for joining us for our first quarter call. I'd like to start with some key themes. Q1 results were strong and somewhat better than our expectations from 90 days ago. Bill will walk you through the details, but overall I'm pleased with our organic growth in both orders and sales, the team's execution was outstanding driving operating margin expansion and cash flow and this helped us deliver another quarterly EPS record driven by both operational outperformance and favorable tax rate. Momentum continued in our industrial, municipal and life science markets both partially offset by softness in ag and semicon as well as some lumpiness in our project-oriented businesses, specifically dispensing and MPT. There were some concerns of slowing global economic – the global economy and those do remain, but we're confident in our ability to grow faster than the underlying markets as result of our market-leading positions, our ability to capture price, and deliver on our targeted growth initiatives. Putting it all together, we're raising our full year EPS guidance while maintaining our organic revenue growth expectations. Now, I'd like to take a moment and talk about what we're seeing across the markets we serve and the regions we do business in. In the industrial market, the overall conditions remain favorable with continued strength in OEM and our targeted growth initiatives. We are however seeing some day rate volatility in pockets of our business, due to customer caution about the macro outlook. In Scientific Fluidics and Optics, our life science, our markets continue to expand. Our IVD/BIO business is leveraging new product launches and platform wins to our growth and the AI market demand remains solid. In Energy, we're seeing some rebound due to the higher oil prices. Mobile truck builder demand is increasing and we're seeing positive signs in the aviation fueling space. In municipal, the North American market continues to modestly expand. Our focus remains on new product development notably a recent launch of new hydraulic tool in our SAM system and Fire & Rescue, as well as continued expansion in emerging markets. In ag, we're expressing some contraction due to macro uncertainty around the soybean tariffs and the OEM slowdowns. We are seeing some growth in Latin America and Europe, but North America is a challenge. In semicon, we continue to see broad-based pressure by lower investments in Asia and the downturn in memory chip demand after substantial growth in 2017 and 2018. In auto, as you all know, there's been a slowdown of global light vehicle sales and that's driven some softness in this market, but as you know that's a relatively small piece for us. Now, let's move on to the geographic outlook. Sales across the majority of geographies performed well in the quarter with North America leading the way. Asia was positive, specifically India and China was primarily driven by our initiatives versus the macro trends. The European economy lost some traction in Q1 and we saw some supply chain disruptions ahead of Brexit. And finally, we are seeing some softness in the German economy. Nevertheless, our targeted growth initiatives and new products continued to drive positive results around the globe. All right. Let me turn now to capital deployment. M&A continues to be a priority for us. With that said, there remains a challenge in the current environment, due to valuation. Our teams have evaluated several deals, but our approach has not changed and we will remain very disciplined with our return framework. We will only close on a deal that fits the IDEX sales competition and delivers long-term value for our shareholders. This remains our number one priority. As I said, our balance sheet it is very healthy our gross leverage is 1.3 times and our net leverage is 0.6 times. When the right deal comes along for IDEX, we will capitalize on it. In terms of the other capital deployment, we did repurchase $52 million of stock in the quarter at an average price of about $140 a share. We also returned $33 million to our shareholders via dividends. Let me know turn it over to Bill, who is going to go over our financial results and our segment discussion.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks Bill. So, let's wrap things up and I'm going to summarize here with some additional details on 2019 for both the second quarter and the full year I'm on the last slide and that's slide 8. In Q2, we're estimating EPS $1.47 to $1.50 with organic revenue growth in the range of 4% to 5% and operating margin about 24%. We're projecting 2% topline headwind from FX based on the March 31st rates which translates to $0.02 headwind in EPS. Q2 effective tax rate is expected to be about 22.5% and corporate cost will be around $20 million. Looking at the full year, we're raising our full year EPS guidance. We now expect earnings to be in the range of $5.70 to $5.85. Full year organic revenue growth remains the same at 4% to 5% with operating margin of about 24%. Topline FX impact will be about 1% based on the March 31 rates. For the full year, we expect our tax rate to be about 22%, CapEx to be about $60 million, and free cash flow in the range of 105% to 110%, and finally corporate cost in the range of $80 million to $82 million. As always our earnings guidance excludes any costs associated with future acquisitions or restructuring. With that, Doug, let me pause here and we're going to turn it over for questions.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So, Allison, we actually did build backlog and we actually have a great backlog position in MPT, but it's along with dispensing. Those two tend to be -- is the most lumpy of our businesses and so we're going to see that backlog flush itself through in the back half.
Andy Silvernail: Not really. It's been pretty consistent and I think for us, Allison, it really continues to be working it very hard and being patient and disciplined. Eventually something will break here but the last thing we want to do is do a really expensive deal that doesn't fit our framework. So, we're going to keep our discipline.
Andy Silvernail: No, just a flow through of the favorable variable compensation that we incurred in the first quarter.
Andy Silvernail: So, it was actually mixed Mike. So, if you go back and you look at how the quarter developed, it was pretty soft in the first half of the quarter and then strength picked up pretty broadly as we got into the second half of the quarter. So, that was a good sign and obviously building backlog in the quarter and the 6% order rate is a good sign as we walk into Q2. That being said those businesses as we look it's been very short cycle that was mix too right. So, we had some -- if you strip out some really specific wins that we know we got and you look at the day rate business, pretty choppy in some places and then relatively strong as you lean more industrially pretty strong. So, I actually don't think that the point of view has changed much from when we talked 90 days ago.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, a little bit. I think Asia is probably a little bit better than we had expected, North America is just about what we had expected, and Europe's a little weaker.
Andy Silvernail: Not really. We had that one order in HST that we talked about at the end of the -- when we entered the quarter fourth quarter, but not a big deal.
Andy Silvernail: No, no, no. no. That was pure timing with the customer. So generally, Deane, we're so short-cycled that we don't tend to -- we're so short-cycled and we're not generally an off-the-shelf product that we don't play a lot in some of these lack of better term games that you see out there. Last year we did see -- as the tariff stuff was taken in, we did see some crazy activity there between the second and third quarter, but in terms of looking at 2019, 2018, I don't think it's material for us.
Andy Silvernail: Exactly, you're right. That was a little bit here and there, but not enough to have mattered. Specific to ag, look that market is just soft, and we saw it coming late last year. We had that bolus of activity that we cautioned everybody on that we didn't think was going to hold and that has been reality. And they're just going to have to work through their cycle. In terms of weather or not that's bottom yet. You got some people saying that I'm not sure. And so we're going to kind of hold off making that call at this stage. And -- but it's an important business for us but we think we have it triangulated in terms of the rest of the year.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So we're still above 1% in pricing. Inflation did settle in a little bit, so we had -- we definitely had a little bit of incremental benefit relative to the expectation of that 30 bps to 40 bps so a little bit better than expected. So we think we're in a good spot for the rest of the year.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So Matt the bigger thing there was really specific to the U.K. and we have a number of businesses fire and sealing in particular that are in the U.K. And what you saw was you saw some hoarding of product as people were ramping up to that expected Brexit date. And so we'll see how that plays itself out now that we've got that kick down -- that can kick down the road again. But you definitely saw some behavior around relationships between the U.K. and the continent in terms of supply chain. It's not that big a deal to us, but to that -- those businesses it is. And so we'll keep an eye on it, but I expect as this continues to unfold, we'll continue to see some of that wackiness.
Andy Silvernail: Absolutely. I actually think that if you go back to last summer, what changed was people pulling in capital being much more hesitant about releasing larger chunks of capital, while this tariff stuff is working itself out, and obviously, with the government shutdown in the U.S. Those combined events I think made people skittish. And if you look across -- I was in China last week, and if you look across kind of behaviors what's happening in Asia, it's a big time wait and see. And then any U.S. businesses that do have a lot of China exposure is a big time wait-and-see attitude on how things are going to play out. So I do think that there is some constrained relationships between kind of natural supply and demand with this situation.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So it was -- it's less than you might have thought. There is definitely some impact, but it's lessening we think for a couple of different reasons. Most importantly, the margin profile of the rest of FMT has closed some of the gap on the rest of -- relative to Banjo. So the mix impact isn't quite as big as you would think. And when it's all said and done you're talking about this a company that is sub-5% of IDEX sales. And so even if you look at it relative to FMT you're still talking about, what, 12% 14% of FMT business is that about right? So plus or minus. So it's not immaterial, but it's not that big a deal -- not as big as it would have been, say, five years ago.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. More generally, the pockets of real weakness across the company are around ag, are around semicon and in auto. Now the good part is, is we don't -- I mean, those -- all those things together are sub-10% of revenue for IDEX. So when all said and done, yes, there's pockets of weakness there. The bigger thing that I was referencing in my prepared remarks was around the volatility of day rates. And so, we've seen this in a couple of different periods, kind of, going into 2015, 2016 coming out of 2015, 2016 and then last summer. You start -- as you look at it, one kind of inflection, positive our negative, you kind of tend to see some of this volatility and, I think, that goes back to the earlier question that was asked about capital being held up. I think, if capital gets held up, the book-and-turn business tends to have more volatility in it and also projects get kicked out. So, I think, it's a combination of those things. The good new story here is, if you get some relief on that, I think, that volatility goes away and you inflect upwards.
Andy Silvernail: I'd say, we're still -- Nathan, I would argue that we're in a six-month period. If I were to go back kind of the third quarter through the first quarter, I'd say it's been six months of that, right? We've had months that have been weak and months that have been very strong. And so, I think, we're still in that question mark zone.
Andy Silvernail: The issue, I think, is this isn't tied to normal economic activities. It's very big macro and political issues and so I don't have any idea.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So did see -- if you actually look at the life sciences piece itself that was actually pretty darn healthy. And so, we have not seen that play through. With the major customers, we have electronic Kanbans that are in place with all of them and so we have a pretty good visibility. How that might play through their supply chain -- their forward supply chain to their customers and back to us, we have less visibility on. But I don't think you're looking at something that's going to be a really big deal.
Andy Silvernail: We are as, I've said many, many times in the past we react much better to the upside than we do to the downside. And so, we can move pretty quickly as demand inflects upwards. And I'm happy to have to chase that a little bit. That's all right with me. The contribution margins are going to be high and you're really chasing it with supply chain and labor. And so, I can deal with that. Getting way out in front and having the markets turned over on you is very painful, right? Because now you're firing people and you've got a really difficult contribution margin on the backside where the decrementals become painful. So I'd rather be conservative going into that, I have to chase the upside a little than I would, getting out in front and having to dramatically react to the downside.
Andy Silvernail: I appreciate the question, Bryan. So we had the North American fire show in Indianapolis here a few weeks ago and we introduced both, the SAM system and the new eDRAULIC tool. And, I think, it's fair to say that the SAM system had incredible reaction. The number of people at that booth, the reaction from customers has been terrific. We have already secured our first major customer around that. I don't want to talk about who at this time. And it's a big deal, right. We made that small acquisition -- technology acquisition last year. That was all about bringing the user interface and our ability to link all of our components into a singular system and it's really -- in terms of -- everyone was talking about IoT and digital and this is a great example of we're really on the forefront of that. And what's going to happen is over the course of years, we're going to change the productivity and the safety profile of a fire truck and that's a really big deal. Now that being said this is the stuff that happens really slowly and it happens slowly for two reasons. One there's already a year of backlog in the fire truck OEMs right. So things have all been ordered. So unless somebody wants to fundamentally change the nature of their order, it's going to take some time for that to go through the system. And then second, there's going to be conversion, right. You've got a huge installed base over time. But I think what happens is you're going to see this over the course of three to five years I believe we're going to start taking significant chunks of market share. We've got great intellectual property around this. And I do think it's a game changer for us. As you think about over a decade, our positioning in the fire market relative to this capability and how it pulls through complementary, it's a big deal.
Andy Silvernail: You know Bryan, we're pretty cautious about that. If you look at the universe of businesses that would be transformational. So let's say, our size to have our size, right. If you look at businesses of that scope and scale there are very few that fit naturally with IDEX. There are a handful and those are the things that we keep up on and we work on all the time. And there are a few that we could do that would be wonderful combinations with IDEX, but it's not very many. It has to be at the right price and you've got you be able to drive real synergies. That being said, as you look from say that size down to $300 million, $500 million or so call it $300 million to $1 billion in revenue, there's quite a bit of stuff out there. And it's really a matter of timing and being able to do a deal at the right kind of economics that fits our style of competition. And if that happens, we will move really quickly. We looked at a bunch year, we put a ton of effort into them and we just need to keep to our style of competition and the discipline around our return frameworks and not get seduced into doing mid single-digit ROIC deals that are "accretive" but are really disastrous to the capital structure and the return structure of the business over the long-term. And we're just not going to do that.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks very much, and thank you everyone for joining us here on the first quarter call. More than anything else, I want to thank the teams here at IDEX who do just a tremendous job being laser-sharp focused on our customers, understanding that in a market like this we really do need to execute and execute well and they've done that. And then, discipline around how we spend this free cash flow. And so the teams, I'm very proud of the teams that we have and the culture that we've built. And I look forward to catching up with everybody in the next 90 days. Take care.
