Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes, I think so, I think if were to dissect it, I’m going to say that our end markets are probably in the 2% to 3% growth rate and so we believe at a goal of being 200 to 300 basis points above end market growth and I think we are there to slightly a little bit better than that this years, but some of it is really project driven and so I want to mindful of that and as we look at 2015, if you look at some of the big things that we are going to comp against, I wouldn’t bake that in. right, I wouldn’t bake in we are going to 300 or 400 basis points above. I think that’s harder to do and we will face those comps next year.
Andrew K. Silvernail: I really am, I think the new products that we have been investing in, we’re not getting attraction yet from that. Those cycles are longer, I mean when I say, I’m thinking back kind of 18-mnths when we started really moving a bunch of cash over that’s a little bit slower aside from X-Smart. X-Smart is a big one that’s churned quickly and also we've had some investments in our water business that the new products have really grained a lot of traction. It’s a lot about market penetration and really over serving our core customers where we've driven lead times down from core customers, we've improved quality and service levels. I think we’ll start to get more benefit of new products as we get into 2015 and beyond.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Not really, I think the – If I were going to kind of balance it off, I would say the core global economy is a little bit better than we had modeled going into the year, I think that’s true. At the same time, I think what I call just the volatility issues that are happening around the world and I’ll break those into three things, I’ll break it into China, and I think the capital volatility in China is even higher than we expected it to be, in terms of kind of investment quarter-to-quarter and I think that’s going to continue to swing. And what happening, you know we are not politicians here and we are not economists, but we are really mindful of what's happening in the Middle East and in Eastern Europe, more than anything else about what it can do to kind of the economies around the world, not so much that we have huge chunks of business, although we do have some and we had a pretty good sized order for the middle east that got pushed and we don’t know if it will happen this or not just given what's going on in Iraq as am example and while we don’t have a lot of business in Russia, Ukraine, there is some and we did loose some business in Russia that we expected to get – the inability to ship it at this point and then really, kind of how it could affect the rest of the world. That is how I would even it out.
Andrew K. Silvernail: How are you sir?Nathan H. Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.:  Well, thank you. A couple of questions. I think I will start on FSD. If we look at that sequentially from the first quarter to the second quarter, you had the huge dispensing order ship in the first quarter. And you're almost flat in the second quarter. Can you talk about – and I think that was surprisingly strong, from my point of view. 
Andrew K. Silvernail: It is that, but I’d also say there are two things that are helping a lot. Number one is transportation side; we got a number of platforms a couple of years ago. And as you know as you look at the transportation business, it’s a lot like frankly our Scientific Fluidics business, where platforms are develop years ahead they launch and then they ramp and what we are seeing now as you’re seeing some of that launch in ramp in that number of those pieces of business that we won two years, three years ago frankly. And so that’s been strong, but also the energy business specifically the downhole business and cable management those have all been strong for us. Nathan H. Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And one more, just back on FMT: you called out energy and chemical markets having experienced demand volatility due to large project delays. Can you talk about where you think we are in that cycle? Because you're not the only ones obviously talking about large project delays and when you think, you might start to see those releases.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. Let me break those into two very different things, because I think the issues are 100% -- 108 degrees from which other chemical is really about, coming of the strength of a number of very large projects specifically in the Middle East that are now in what I’ll call ramp mode. Right, so those programs are coming up and they’re coming into production and so you’re seeing the projects there coming off and that’s really specific to our rector business. So if you look at year-over-year if you break our chemical business and it’s mostly Viking and rector just from our brand perspective. Viking business is actually solid; the rector business is more reliant on chemical projects specifically in the Middle East and a little bit China. I would say that being said if you look at kind of what’s coming through the pipeline and no – attended, and you look at the Gulf Coast that’s going to start to ramping up big time in next year in 2015. I think that you will bottom out on the project level in the Middle East and you’ll start to see some slow ramp backup, coming in. So I think you’re going to see a really solid 2015 and an improving 2016 really driven by the U.S. investment in chemical. So let me stop there, did I answer your question on chemical?Nathan H. Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Yes.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Okay. On the energy side this is more – we had a number of pretty large projects that were ready for shipment in the Middle East that have got pushed. And now when you say as a push is it going to fall into the second half of the year and should we take up a second half? Honestly don’t know, because these are chunks of business that we have, but it’s a matter of the customer’s ability to take them, and giving what’s going on there, I think that’s the bigger issue. If you actually look at the base chemical business or the base energy business, really solid so the booking term business not concerned at all.Nathan H. Jones – Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That’s very helpful. Thanks very much.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Sure. Sure, so I think – let met talk about the environment just generally, so if you just look at the number of books that come into our office, you see that radically swing from season-to-season, year-to-year and its as heavy as I’ve seen it in the last five or six years. So you are seeing a lot of people bringing stuff to market. And frankly, you're seeing a lot of marginal business being brought to market which really kind of talk to the strength of a seller’s market out there and so that is up very substantially and it’s pretty hard for us to win an auction, lets just be honest right and its because we tend to be much more discipline in our overall price where we will go on price and we tend to be pretty detailed when it come to diligences right and so we’re not willing to open up to a lot of risk and so we tend to win auction that are right in our sweet spot that’s because we really bring synergy to it and we can create a lot of values. So that part of the business is way up. Starting about 18-months ago maybe a little bit longer than that we started to putting more resources into our platforms so more M&A business development resources into the platform and we also amped up the expectation around our general managers and their reasonability in M&A. And that has improved our pipeline. So if you look at what’s in our pipeline right now that we’re really excited about, its stuff that’s coming out of there, There are few auctions that we are looking at today that we like and do fit the definition I walked through before, but the things that we are still going to get at sub ten time EBITDA generally are going to be things that will have been working on year and are starting to get amped up because of the resources we put in place.Matthew W. McConnell – Citi Investment Research.:  Great thanks that’s very helpful.
Andrew K. Silvernail: You bet.Matthew W. McConnell – Citi Investment Research.: And then just quickly, on the higher CapEx outlook: I think the trend we usually see is projects slipping out to the right, but I think you have increased your forecast a little bit. 
Andrew K. Silvernail: It’s what we call smart capital and it’s principally for new products and for productivity. And when I say it productivity I don’t mean just cost productivity, but also bringing lead times down. I visited probably30 plus sites this years as we've traveled around looking at businesses and we are really encouraging people as they are more deeply segmenting their product lines, we are really encouraging people to make smart capital investments in machining, as an example, where we know we are going to get quality benefits, we know we are going to get in lead time benefit. So that the laser cutter I mentioned for dispensing is a great example of that. Could we have managed the business without doing that? Yes, we could have done it, but it dropped lead time significantly, it took cost down and it improves quality and so we are seeing more and more of that and see I have talked a lot about that the strategic vision of this company and one of the things that I have said is we want to be the best specialty manufacturer of highly-engineering products in the world and to do that means you got to have a core capability around specialty manufacturing and that means being willing to make investments around driving that moat around the niche and so we are doing more and more of that.Matthew W. McConnell – Citi Investment Research.:  Great, sounds good. Thanks very much.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. So you are really talking about Scientific Fluidics within HST and the nice part about where we sit in the supply chain as we have a lot of visibility to what's in development and we have a lot of visibility to what shipping. So, as an example, if you – we know how many units of instruments in almost any of the major lines of business have been shift in the quarter. And we know how much content we sold of that in the last few quarters. And so if you think of it is kind of two or three quarter cycle, we can estimate that pretty closely. And we look at the relationship between those two things, and if you saw the instrument number is going up and our number is not moving to the same degree, we know we are losing share right, when we can literally track it instrument-by-instrument. So that’s kind of one way of doing it. The second way is as we know what programs have been in development and are end development, and we know if we win them or lose them. And so from that perspective I feel real good about that. I do think – and we actually don’t behind, I know end market demand certainly did slow a little bit in the second quarter. And I think that the folks who are out there, we talked about this publically have said so also. And if I look again it our rates versus that and how much content we have you can see. And also the fact that we have electronic compounds and a lot of our customers, you can see kind of what’s going on.Matthew J. Summerville – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.:  Great, thanks for that color.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. What I would say, Scott, is that they are in the latter stages of development meeting you’ve got either you’re about to get the letter of intent, or you are in that range that’s kind of the stage for us plus or minus. And I would say all of the ones that we are looking at today are bigger than Aegis, but they are not these are not $0.5 billion of things right. So, this one of the things we kind of look at each other and we had a staff meeting last week and were walking through our acquisition funnel and we looking each other, well why these are all things we can land, just it is the nature of kind of what’s going on out there. But that’s kind of the range and I think we’ve got a shot and closing some of this year. At the same time I’m not like, if not a little bit close this year wouldn’t shopping.Scott Graham – Jefferies & Company: Fair enough. The second question is about your guidance, which I know you raised in excess of what you beat at least Street expectations by. I'm just wondering, though, if we look at the guidance, and we look at the second half of the year EPS, it looks like even at the high-end of your range, EPS in the third and fourth quarter looked like sub-10% EPS growth, and that would be something we haven't seen from you guys in a while. Are you holding something back there, Andy? Is there something that you are seeing out there that is bothering you? Is it a comp issue? All of the above? None of the above? Whatever you can help maybe that would be my second question.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes. I get your light, its just about 10% earnings growth for the back half of the year; we had a number of very strong discrete items in the first half of this year. And so if you just kind of look at second half versus first half we had a number of very strong discrete items. So I would say, the dispensing business is a big piece of it, the trailer business and fire was very strong. And you are just not going to see those two things happen and also as we look at the first part of 2015 that’s a reality that were going to comp against in the first part of 2015, because of some of those bigger things and we may fill those holes, and we may not by the nature of the businesses, but that’s really the biggest thing as I look at for the first half, second half. I don’t know Heath, your thoughts.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Yes Charlie we incurred about $0.5 million or so in the second quarter related to the purchase price accounting activity with Aegis and we got it another roughly $800,000 in this third quarter that’s baked into our FMT thinking in our overall guidance specifically related to the asset step ups and write-downs.
Andrew K. Silvernail: You can see a 2-ish quarter GAAP depending upon how much inventory is in a channel. So, if inventories are correct I mean and I’m going to say inventory from them to us, right to the inventory between us that’s sitting in their shops. Just using a couple of quarter cycle that the only difference in that is a new product launch right, new product launch you’re going to see that’s ramp actually up ahead of them?Paul R. Knight – Janney Capital Markets:  Thank you very much.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Well, as part of it Walter of course one of that in Q1, we get the large dispensing order that had a significant impact on the Q1 numbers that obviously the big quarters is not recur in the second half.
Andrew K. Silvernail: It’s pretty good, we know what’s being build generally we know what the build schedules are and we generally know where we fall into that build schedule and so you can sometimes you can't even pick the month. Generally you can pick the quarter, when you think it’s going to happen. And when they’re delays you tend to see that pretty quickly. We are far enough down in the chain that we are not the first – we are not the first person notified. but we are also not the first person going in. So, we tend to get visibility relatively early, when we’re “surprise” it’s were something was scheduled to shift late in the quarter and you find out week two, week three that something is an example isn’t going to pay, that not going to pay in this quarter. And so that’s where we kind to get “surprised”. And that doesn’t happen very often, but in those businesses where you do have some relatively large programs and we’re talking about programs that are $1 million to $5 million, we’re not talking about programs that are $10 million or $20 million, so take it for the size of its work. Pretty unusual but it does happened.Walter S. Liptak – Global Hunter Securities, LLC:  Okay, got it. Okay thanks for the color.
Andrew K. Silvernail: Jessie, thank you very much. And thank you everybody for joining us on the call today. Obviously, we’re very happy with our results and we feel very, very good about our repositioning and mostly and throughout for the team, they’ve done a great job that the leaders at IDEX all the people within IDEX have done a very, very nice job of again make in our own luck and performing for our customers and performing for our owner, but also really performing for the teammates and I think it’s nice estimate to the culture. So thank you all very much and we will talk to you soon. Take care.
Heath A. Mitts: Between $5 million and $10 million I mean there are some specific things that we can point to that are ready to go that we either did not receive cash in advance or whatever the approval was to ship, but its somewhere in the $5 million to $7 million, maybe up to $10 million, it depends on how you want to qualify a couple of the shipments, but that was a meaningful number, I would say that specifically within FMT it would have moved us into the low single-digits of organic revenue growth. Matthew J. Summerville – KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc.: And then just lastly, Andy, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you guys have done quite a bit of digging around in terms of market share in HST, and what is going on with your content, and things like that. I guess I'm curious as to what you can point to that gives you the confidence that there is not a market share issue that it is in fact inventory draw down or end of life programs. 
Heath A. Mitts: Yes, thanks Andy. The other piece Scott is that the high end of our range in obviously the implied Q4 numbers as you come into were somewhere between 10% and maybe it creeps up to 11%. The fourth quarter specifically as you recall we had an anomaly in our tax rate last year where in we were down at 25% due to some very specific discrete items that was booked and favorable to IDEX in the fourth quarter of 2013 that we do not predict will recur this year. So that in and of itself is part of the Q4 problem.
Heath A. Mitts: Why don't you tackle the cost side, and I will tackle the selling side? Charley D. Brady – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay.
Heath A. Mitts: And on the growth side we think Aegis can grow very fast so the team there has done a wonderful job of building that business they got terrific niche products it’s a wonderful platform to bring our Richter product line into the U.S they are highly complementary product lines going into the similar industries where we don’t have as much market penetration as Aegis had. So I think it does help us and you can accelerate growth there, but still even if you’re growing to 20% you are only talking about $3 million or $4 million top line growth. Now that being said, I think that business can grow at those kinds of rates that’s our expectation of that business. And we’ve asked them to certainly accelerate some of the investments they are making, they are very high-touch business and if you are going to see where they are located in Baton Rouge I mean you can throw a rock and hit their customers and that’s a big piece of what their business is about and they service the Houston region, but they are servicing it from Baton Rouge and so getting right in Houston being right next to that next piece of the customer base will help them accelerate growth.Charley D. Brady – BMO Capital Markets:  All right great thanks guys.
Heath A. Mitts: Yes, I’m the guidance for the year is 5% to 67% for the full-year and we are at 6% at the midpoint, so the math would tell you that where we need to be.D. Mark Douglas – Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Heath A. Mitts: So from there where we would look is we kind of look in three places, we would look at Viking business, we look at the new programs that are coming through Aegis and therefore kind of what we’re seen at rector too, so we’ve got a pretty good view on where demand is going to go and its going to be strong right I think you’re going to see a pretty strong cycle here for the foreseeable future probably kicking in mostly and as we get into the next year. Joseph Giordano – Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay. I appreciate it guys. Thanks a lot.
