Bill Grogan: Thank you, Matt. Good morning, everyone. This is Bill Grogan, Chief Financial Officer for IDEX Corporation. I am stepping in for Mike Yates this morning and will cover the introduction. Mike unfortunately lost power overnight due to the pool of vortex hitting Chicago and he is anxiously awaiting power to get restored to his house. We are hoping to get back power soon, Mike. Okay. Let me start by saying thank you for joining us for discussion of the fourth quarter and full year 2018 financial highlights. Last night, we issued a press release outlining our company’s financial and operating performance for the 3 months and year ending December 31, 2018. The press release, along with the presentation slides to be used during today’s webcast can be accessed on our company’s website at idexcorp.com. Joining me today is Andy Silvernail, our Chairman and CEO. The format for our call today is as follows. We will begin with Andy providing an overview and update on market conditions, geographies and our capital deployment strategies. I will then discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2018 financial results and walk you through the operating performance within each of our segments. And then Andy will wrap up with our outlook for the first quarter and full year 2019. Following our prepared remarks, we will open the call for questions. If you should need to exit the call for any reason, you may access a complete replay beginning approximately 2 hours after the call concludes by dialing the toll-free number 877-660-6853 and entering conference ID 13684161 or simply log on to our company homepage for the webcast replay. Before we begin, a brief reminder. This call may contain certain forward-looking statements that are subject to the Safe Harbor language in last night’s press release and in IDEX filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. With that, I will now turn over the call to our Chairman and CEO, Andy Silvernail.
Bill Grogan: Yes. As Andy said, lot of puts and takes, but if you normalize our core as we reconcile the business, as we prepare to go into 2019 really comfortable with a close to 5% organic number in Q4 hence our guide for the balance of ‘19.
Bill Grogan: Yes, I’ll just say so that point is, the things that we saw push in December, we realized several of those here in January.
Bill Grogan: So, the BAND-IT order, they split their annual PO into two 6 month PO’s so we expect that to get the BAND-IT piece later in the first half in dispensing, a couple of projects we have landed and expect to land here within the next couple of weeks.
Bill Grogan: Deane, that is a very specific large Aerospace customer that we have, most of the balance of their business isn’t that type.
Bill Grogan: It’s isolated really to a single customer and how they’re breaking up their orders in 2019 versus what they’ve done in the last two years.
Bill Grogan: Yes, sure so I would say specifically on the CapEx, I think this year we looked at a bunch of investments relative to new products and getting the capabilities to enhance our ability to get to market faster we looked at several businesses that we had the opportunity to upgrade equipment to improve productivity and throughput to support the increased growth that we had these are 12 to 24 month returns, higher than our overall IDEX return on invested capital number, so no-brainer from an investment perspective and the team has really took a hard look as we’ve seen CapEx ramp still significantly below most of our peer groups relative to the capital we need to operate the business in but high-return projects relative to the working capital, there is some opportunity here as we level out on the growth side to unwind some things and you see our guide is higher than the 101% that we saw in 2018.
Bill Grogan: Yes, price capture was a little bit over a point and the inflation we maintain that 30 point spread that we’ve been able to do throughout the last 2 years.
Bill Grogan: Right. So there is – materials leveled off material inflation leveled off in the back half and a little bit of kicker as we saw some of the tariff increases come through in the third and fourth quarter.
Bill Grogan: Hey, Walter, it’s Bill. I would say a couple of things. First, I would refer to Andy’s earlier comment on margin expansion in that 30 basis points to 50 basis points relative to the 4% to 5% growth that we’ve seen. Relative to our ability to drive incremental productivity, there is still stuff out there. I mean, the teams had a rolling 12-month funnel that, that we leverage, actively looking at ways to improve material costs through alternative sourcing, re-engineering parts to take cost out, labor efficiencies, overhead streamlining through. We did a site consolidation this year and other capital investment to improve our overall throughput with enhanced technologies. So, as we look at the funnel, our projects that we have signed up for this year from our internal plans is on par with what we delivered in 2018.
Andy Silvernail: Thanks, Bill. Everybody I am on Slide 8 and we can walk through 2019 guidance. So, on an operational basis we expect full year organic revenue growth to be in the 4% to 5% range, which will provide $0.30 to $0.50 of benefit to EPS. We expect our productivity initiatives to offset inflation and then leverage these actions to drive about $0.03 of benefit over 2018. As I mentioned earlier, our focus has always been to invest on our best organic opportunities, people, new products as well as new applications for existing products. We will continue to make these investments across all three segments and these growth investments will create about $0.05 of pressure in 2019. Although our two acquisitions in 2018, Finger Lakes and Phantom will provide very modest boost to the top line in 2019, we are not expecting a significant benefit to the bottom line because of deal amortization. Let’s take a quick look at a couple of non-operational items. First, FX, it will be a headwind in 2019 based on the December 31 rates and provide about $30 million of top line pressure. The bottom line pressure from FX, it has two pieces to it that together add up to about $0.15. $0.11 is from FX translation due to the higher rates plus an additional $0.04 on foreign currency transaction gain that were recorded in Q1 of 2018 as we unwound intercompany loans relative to 2017 tax reform that we talked about last year. Second, share buyback activities that we mentioned before have taken our share count down and it boosts our EPS in 2019 by about $0.06. So in summary, we are projecting organic revenue growth in the 4% to 5% range and have EPS expectations of $5.60 to $5.80. We are going to wrap things up here. I will summarize things regarding 2019, the fourth quarter and the full year I am on our last slide, that’s Slide 9. In Q1, we are estimating EPS of $1.35 to $1.38 with organic revenue growth again in the 4% to 5% range and op margin at about 23%. We are projecting a 1% top line headwind from FX again based on the December 31 rates, which translates to about $0.02 of EPS. However, as I mentioned earlier, we are also facing an additional $0.04 of FX headwind from the transactional gain that we incurred in Q1 of 2018. The Q1 effective tax rate is expected to be 22.5% and corporate costs should be about $20 million to $22 million. If we turn to the full year 2019, again, EPS is expected to be $5.60 to $5.80. Full year organic revenue growth should be in the 4% to 5% range and op margin ought to be about 23.5% to 24%. Top line FX will be impacted by 1% again based on the December 31 rates. Full year effective tax rate should be about 22.5%. CapEx is anticipated to be about $60 million and free cash flow should be about 105% to 110% of net income and corporate costs are expected to be in the range of about $80 million to $84 million for the year. As always, our earnings and guidance exclude any potential associated cost, future acquisitions or restructuring. With that, Matt, we are going to pause here and I will turn it back to you for questions from folks on the phone.
Andy Silvernail: What I would add to it too, Allison that I did mention, on the positive side, in the fourth quarter, we had a real nice blanket order that happened in HST, and so we will see a hole relative to that, that usually has happened historically in the first quarter and it happened in the fourth quarter so as we when we are talking again here in 90 days, you will see some headwind from that, on an order rate basis in HST, so just so just you understand the puts and takes.
Andy Silvernail: No, there’s been well, it may be a little bit of that, but not as much, is the I call it the project related stuff, Mike and so, generally the day rate businesses and if you look at if you got to think of day rate businesses, it’s basically everything except for a couple of things in life sciences that happen once or twice a year, dispensing, MPT and then the BAND-IT thing, they’ve got a couple of large customers that they typically put in blankets that move around but that’s it’s not really project related, Mike, it’s more just when does the blanket hit. Everything else in the portfolio so you’re talking 75% of the business is, you’re looking at day rate type stuff or maybe two-thirds of the business and that’s real stable, nothing surprising there.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So maybe Mike, the way to take a step back and think of it is, we believe we’ll deliver 200 basis points 200 basis points to 300 basis points better than the underlying market and as we have triangulated on global industrial production forecast, those look to be in kind of the 2% to 3% range and that’s what kind of gives us confidence around that 4% to 5% as we think about this year that being said, we were very purposeful in our written commentary here in our prepared remarks about the volatility that we continue to see in the world I think that the fourth quarter that variability that you saw, October, November, December, is really is a good example of what I think the world is going to look like we had eight quarters of sequentially ramping growth rates and I think, we mentioned a quarter or two ago, certainly last quarter that we thought that was going to change and become more lumpy, more volatile and that is where we are and so if we, if we buy into a 2% to 3% industrial production, we will land at that 4% to 5% we feel very confident but that underlying volatility is real and it’s something we’re paying a lot of attention to.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, so there honestly there are kind of two or three things that really matter, right so if you think about what accelerates our business or decelerates our business, Mike, one is, is what’s happening to day rates and so and day rates actually matter more to us than anything else because so much of our business is quick turn, and so we’re monitoring those and in those, we’ve always talked about the BAND-IT core industrial business, the Gast business, the Warren Rupp business, those are three really good beacons and right now they tell us that things are okay that’s what they’d say so that day rate piece is something we spend time on as you look at project, as you know, Mike, we don’t typically do big projects I mean, there is one here, one there, that’s really meaningful what matters though is the size of them and what’s happening to where they sit in the scheduling when you start to see projects shrink in size, number one and number two, they get multiple kicks down the road, that’s when you start to worry, right when you get something pushed from December to January, you kind of get it, especially when it shows up in January, you understand it and you get the January no, it’s now April, nope it’s not when you start to get that and things that were $1 million have now gone to $2.50 million that’s when you start to get concerned the last thing I’d say is, just really close relationships that we have with our OEMs and our value-added distributors those are conversations that are just happening every day now, sometimes they don’t know their own business as well as we do sometimes and so understanding kind of what’s happening to their turnaround, we don’t see a lot of things stocked for the most point, but we do have electronic compounds at major OEMs, so we monitor those and we do have a handful of distributors who are a little bit more classic in their inventory setups and so we watch those too.
Andy Silvernail: So, the issue you have with dispensing is, we monitor market share gain pretty carefully, right, because of our leadership position and to make sure that we’re not losing anything significant so that’s kind of number one number two, when you get into some of these larger programs, they hit periodically and it just makes for frankly a really difficult comp when you go for and you can’t go for a year or two without having that and so we had some activity in ‘18 as we closed out ‘17 as we closed out ’18 we didn’t have that and we’ll see what happens here in ‘19, right we track every single age of machine and replacement cycle and et cetera, but it’s really driven by some of these larger paint retailers and whether they’re going to refresh or not and we just don’t know that really until a few months until they’re ready to move.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, I was actually over there between Thanksgiving and Christmas and we did a specific review on that and that’s actually starting to play out nicely we are starting to get some of the wins the spend, as you know, it is a little bit of a national and then it turns into kind of regional or state, how the funds are distributed and we are seeing some of that break and we’re seeing some pretty nice growth there.
Andy Silvernail: I think, let me talk about it first and if Bill wants to kick in too, we’ll do that but I think the increase that we’re looking at, to me is what a normalized expansion should look like based on the kind of growth that we’re factoring, right so that to me feels right frankly, in 2018, our margin expansion was a little high right? So, it obviously we outgrew our expectations and so you just got much stronger incrementals throughout the year I’ve said a few times that, look, if you’re below 30% incrementals, you’re probably investing too much and if you’re above 40% for a long time without kind of structural actions, then you’re probably not investing enough so this feels about right and I think we can sustain that at those growth rates and then if you saw the world get tougher, our job would be to boost that and not lose a lot of ground here, right and if for some reason we saw some improvement in growth rates, we’d probably invest a little bit more probably not as aggressively as we have the last two years, but we’d probably invest a little bit more, Nathan, than we have and part of if you go back to the bridge, you looked at Bill, I may get this wrong, so correct me but I think last year we laid out $0.16 of incremental investment for the year in our bridge.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, and this year it’s kind of 5-ish so you can see we are definitely tailing that back down a little bit based on how quickly the environment is expanding.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, absolutely. And part of that trip where I was in India, I was in China in that same period too so that was a big question we were talking about here just a month ago. Look, it is definitely slowing, there is no doubt about that there are the concern on the ground in China is pretty substantial when you get when you start talking to people who are living it day to day, they are concerned about the growth rates we have had some really strong growth in China in the last year or two, because we’ve frankly fixed a problem that we’ve had for a while and so we’ve had some good growth, and we expect to see some continued good growth because of that but I do think overall that market support is coming down now, the key to it then I think, Nathan, is where are you picking, right. So which markets are you picking in, this isn’t a ubiquitous statement that everything is slowing but more things that not are and so I think we got to be in China, for China, to sell into the region you got to be in there for the long term, but I do think certainly in 2019, I think, it’s going to be more challenging.
Andy Silvernail: I think that’s exactly right we are following the framework that we’ve always talked about relative to intrinsic value and being more aggressive when we see disconnects and we saw a disconnect.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, Scott we are at 1.3x gross leverage and 0.6x net we have we said in our commentary it was over $1.5 billion, it’s closer to $2 billion, that we have availability on at any time here in the next 12 months.
Andy Silvernail: Fully depends, right so we’re going to stick with the framework, and as we’ve said several times, but just to remind folks. In our framework, we take a look at and we just did it in the fall with our Board, we take a look at what we think the long-term intrinsic value is we build in a buffer relative to opportunity cost of capital and then as we see our stock behave relative to that, we decide how aggressive we’re going to get, and we build that framework into a 10b5-1 in closed periods and we use the same framework in open periods and so what we try to do, Scott, is really bring disciplined to it so it’s not people reacting emotionally to good good or bad news.
Andy Silvernail: It’s not much different, right. It’s – we’re basically kind of on our plan so far through the year. So, we feel pretty good about it, I mean, just we started the year, not – I wouldn’t get overly excited about it and it’s not bad news, it is basically what we expect.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So we – so North America as we said in our comments, North America continues to lead the way and has so for quite some time. And all indicators, Matt, suggested that’s going to be the case in ‘19, unless we see a material global softening, right, which – that is the biggest concern that I have, right. The biggest concern that I have is the volatility that we have, the geopolitical instability that’s out there, the length of duration of the expansion overall, not the industrial, but the overall. That’s what I think the risk is, but North America has continued to be strong. Asia and Europe both started to soften 2 quarters ago. I think we mentioned that in the last call and that’s continued. Now Asia is – it kind of depends upon where you are, right. So, China has softened. India is still pretty good and other parts of kind of Asia-Pac have been okay. Europe, I think the biggest concern in Europe is Germany, right. We’ve got a pretty good footprint in Germany, we export a lot to other parts in the world from Germany. And the softness that I think everybody experienced was above expectations, right. It was softer than people had thought. And so that’s a place that we’re keeping a pretty close eye on.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So, as you know, Matt, we got to be somewhat careful in this commentary, because we’re not the best barometers for what’s going on in the energy field just by the nature of the nicheness where we play; number one, and the fact that most of what we do is kind of midstream. And so, I would just caution people that we’re not the best barometer. But that being said, when oil prices – energy prices kind of tank there, we did see a slowing and it was reasonable, I mean, it was a material slowing for that piece of business, which has since – we’ve seen a pick back up here. Some of what we’re experiencing in terms of positives, we know are driven by our own activities. So, we’ve got some very specific wins that we’ve got in BAND-IT that we can put our finger on, they were kind of non-market related. Same thing I’d say over LC and Corken. And so the – I would say that the general market conditions have been softer with recently a little bit of improvement, but I still think that that’s – I’m going to put that in the cautionary category. And our job is to keep getting wins and frankly keep taking down lead times. One of the things that we’ve certainly learned around energy is that the folks who are deep in the upstream, the pricing sensitivity is brutal when things go South and we just don’t have that. So, that’s not a place we want to put big bets into the future. But also lead times really matter, right. So, your speed of service and quality of service is a major advantage in those markets. And so, we’re spending more time there trying to build that advantage.
Andy Silvernail: Well, I think, Joe, it’s – I obviously – everyone gets a little bit of reputation. Yes, I think my optimism is more on our ability to execute than it is on the markets, to be clear, right. I just – we’ve built some really excellent capability around executing and look we’re calling – we are kind of living with what the global "experts" are saying around global industrial production and that’s a really good starting point for us. But where I feel good is our ability to consistently outperform. And so, a lot of this depends upon what’s your view is, right, of the markets. And at this stage we’re not bucking the trend. We do tend to be earlier cycle. And so, I will tell you there are parts of the fourth quarter I got a little nervous during the fourth quarter because of the clunkiness that we were seeing. And that coming back has given me a better feeling about certainly earlier in the year.
Andy Silvernail: It’s hard to tell, right. So, our – my point of view of this is, we kind of start with what do we think the world – what does the world thinks going to happen or the experts saying is going to happen and we tend to be a little more bearish on that than average, right. So, if you – if the world is saying two to three, we will tend to go more towards two than we will towards three, right. And then from there, it’s really starting to dissect where we have exposure and where we don’t, right. And the nice part of our portfolio is we have really broad exposure, and so there is no lot on the margin that happens relative to our exposure versus global exposure, except maybe in a quarter, right, a quarter or a half year. And then it’s really driven by our ability to get some things done. And so, as I sit here, my confidence level on our ability to execute is high. My confidence level on the responsibility and the capability of the folks who are in the geopolitical discussion is exceptionally low. I have no confidence that they’re going to get it right. And so, my concern then, right, is an event that gets driven by the intersection of the aging cycle and the irresponsibility of global leaders.
Andy Silvernail: I think this – if I actually take a look at cap spending, let’s go back 2 or 3 years, right, that’s when it started to pick up a little bit, we went from kind of 1.6%, 1.7%, we’re now kind of 2.1%, 2.2%. So that, call it four-tenths to five-tenths of a point of increase in cap spending. What that’s been associated with is really is the function of all of the segmentation work we’ve been doing for half a decade and getting better and better at picking the organic growth opportunities and the productivity projects that have much bigger banks of the block. And so if I go back to my comment just a few moments ago, my confidence level about our ability to execute over and above whatever the market does is really based on that, and so that investment is mirroring that condition. And so, I think where we are is, I feel pretty comfortable that we’re in a range of where we like it to be for a while.
Andy Silvernail: You know, Walt, I think we can still go get more. And I’ve kind of two pieces of thinking around that. The first one is, we spend a lot of time looking at the difference between our contribution margin and our op margin. And when you do that walk, right, you’ve got about a 40 point walk that we call conversion cost. And so, you can still reinvest aggressively back into the business and still very, very actively improve conversion cost to get the kind of lift that we’re talking about without starving the business. So that’s kind of the first, just I think structurally one of the things that I think makes IDEX different, far more – on average more attractive financial engine, for lack of a better term, is that reality, right. And so, if you assume you’re going to get positive growth in the business, once you get kind of past 2%, at about 2% you’re paying the bills, right, you’re covering your normal inflation. And once you get past that, you have the ability to get some level of expansion. And if you’re in the mid-single digits, you’re going to get that 30 basis points to 50 basis points, chances are. And I think that, that reality of the IDEX economic engine, I think is really, really important. And so, we just spend a ton of time, when we say productivity, right, we’re not trying to grind out kind of marginal productivity. We go into every cycle. When I say cycle, Bill said we got a 12-month rolling funnel. Every time we have a business review, we’re looking a year forward and we have a base expectation that the people are going to cover or do better than inflation. And when you partner that with a business to get positive, it gets positive price, there’s really no reason why you can’t continue to see margin expansion. Certainly, as you move from what we’re calling now 23% to 24% into the mid-to-high 20s.
Andy Silvernail: So first of all, let me just say thank you for everybody for your time and your effort that you put into – to following IDEX. We appreciate the analyst community and we appreciate our investment community. I think it’s important to note, we are very cautious about the underlying environment, right, that’s out there in terms of where we are in the cycle, in terms of the likelihood of a recession. We very much believe that somewhere in the next 24 months to 36 months, there’s going to be a recession, and we believe that to be true. At the same time, we think that the long-term relative to the industrial cycle, we actually think is really attractive. And so, we want to put ourselves in a position to really win over the long-term. And I like what we’re doing in terms of focused investment, putting our money in our highest priorities, continue to segment our business, building our team and the team has done a great job and I want to congratulate them. They’ve really been outstanding. And so, I want to thank everybody there. And then just as a final word before we go, being a main native from New England, I’ve got to say Go Pats. So, with that, we will cover things, we will finish up the day, I want to thank you, Matt, and thank you, everybody again. Take care.
Deane Dray: That’s just gets dangerous, so good luck with all that I think you’re sending it our way to the East Coast.
Deane Dray: Just let me echo Mike’s comments just then and how helpful It is that you were able to parse out your business and the indicators, that’s real helpful to us and just to clarify, I heard Bill chime in at the end on Allison’s question about those two orders that were pushed, the dispensing and BAND-IT so, are they in that January category, maybe just to provide color on those, just it’s so fresh.
Deane Dray: Got it. And then just to swing over on the 2018 free cash flow, came out on the right side of that 100% threshold that everyone watches.
