Andy Silvernail: Sure good morning, Matt no problem at all. Generally, if you look at it will see FMT to be mid single-digit, HST to be low single-digit and FST will be in the low single-digit but that’s going to comp of off the order that we had this year, so that’s inclusive of comping off that order.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah, Matt, I think there are really two things. One, I think as you recall the fourth quarter of last year was a little bit soft and so we are comping off that a little bit. And if you look at the sequential improvement quarter-to-quarter, you do have sequential revenue ramped to some degree in the first quarter versus fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis. So that's pretty consistent with how we see our order patterns fall on day rate etcetera. So I don't think is really anything surprising in there.
Andy Silvernail: Well, we said that coming into or going towards the end of the year, we thought we did near that 18.5% which we are happily we got to. So we've seen nice sequential margin expansion here throughout the year. So that's number one, Allison.  Second, we do expect to build off of that going through this year and we were expecting exit rate just closure to 19% at the end of 2013. So we should continue to see the benefits. Obviously, we’ve done a lot of restructuring, fair bit of that has been in HST. So you should expect to see some margin expansion.
Andy Silvernail: Let me handle that in two ways Alison, so first let me kind of comment on the overall acquisition environment and then I will talk specifically to the FMT, HST split. The overall environment I would say is very consistent with what we saw coming out of the third quarter of last year. What I mean by that is it’s really around the pricing. The activity levels kind of tend to peak in valley with how private equity kind of comes in and out generally. But what I would say is we continue to see a bifurcated market where things of size and of stability and in any kind of growth continue to have very, very high premium expectations in the marketplace and we've just shied away from those frankly, that doesn't make sense for us.  Things that are in the small to medium size which is really our area of focus, there still are properties that are available, our pipeline is pretty good and we work it very, very diligently. So that's the general comment. Relative to FMT and HST; on the FMT side, I would actually say right now that the multiples are higher historically right. So if you went back five years ago, the environment is completely flipped from that, where you had very high HST multiples and relatively conservative FMT multiples, and what we are seeing today is higher relative multiples in FMT and I think that's just because of the historic stability of cash flows even cyclically in those businesses and then some of the HST stuff is falling a little bit out of favor. So there are some actually very attractive multiples in that segment.
Andy Silvernail: Well we test all of our impairment in October of every year. We start that process, we take a look at it in conjunction with our auditors, and as you know it’s a very detailed math exercise that has an awful lot of complexity, and in terms of future outlook, discount rates, premiums, market multiples, there's an awful lot that goes into that. So we test everything, we look at everything quarterly. We test everything annually, that's kind of the way to look at it. And when you factor that in, when you put all those pieces together, it really shows that this was a necessity. In reality what it is its accounting kind of catching up with operational reality, that's the way to look at it and this is not something that's really debatable, it’s math driven. So when you auditors move forward to that, that's how you move forward with that decision.
Andy Silvernail: It did, and you have to kind of look at the basis of where you are from a revenue standpoint. Structurally we think we are in very good shape at what we've finished in at the end of the quarter. At the same time, it’s driven off of discounted free cash flows that are well into the future, right, you are looking at terminal values. The other thing to look at and you cannot understate this, it is also driven across competitive market multiples and those multiples have changed significantly. And so that's something that we don’t control and we don’t get to opine on as this is looked at.
Andy Silvernail: Well you got a few things happening in there. So if you separate out kind of comparison against one times and you look at that base, it’s actually pretty good Charlie. I will call it a decent bounce back in the US which I think is driven by the activity levels that have happened as investment is coming back through housing into equipment. As you look back as far as ‘09, that area really was start for investment, as stores were closed throughout the US etcetera. So you start to see some replacement revenue start to pull through there, so it’s decent. Europe is softer. Europe didn’t see the same kind of decline and generally it’s a little bit softer, but it’s still decent, Asia is quite good, it’s been actually very strong for us and that's really driven by a few things. One as you recall, we moved a significant amount of our business from Australia to China to India in expectation of those growing markets and that's worked out real well. The other side is as we said in the third quarter, we’ve just launched a new product call X-SMART which is a little cost automatic dispenser that we think is really a game changer. Now we are still early days in that Charlie, but we think that's going to be win on that business.
Andy Silvernail: Yeah, couple of things Charlie, as much as I would like to give very, very excited about that and I am reasonably excited, we had a pretty weak Q4 of last year, if you recall the order rate in the Q4 of last year was pretty soft as China weekend and if you then recall, we had a pretty strong bounce back in Q1 across the business but specifically in FMT. So now that being said, we are seeing a decent pick up, its pretty broad based excluding the pipe side of water, Ag is still pretty good, chemical and industrial has been pretty good. We are seeing a bounce back in Asia. If you recall kind of starting in the late spring of last year, really through most of the third quarter, China had gotten very soft and we started to see that improve in the fourth quarter; I was just in China two weeks ago doing our business reviews and finalizing our implementation plans and the business had definitely improved and I would say the overall opinion was much more positive than when if you were back in the summer or even the fall.
Andy Silvernail: Sure, Mike, no problem. You know, I think first of all, you know, what we're talking about today is no different than what we started talking about and really starting in the spring and summer of last year, which is you know, we took a pretty hard deep dive, you know, starting in late ‘11 and throughout 2012 looking at really all the decisions we’ve made around deals frankly.  And what came out of that, one of the biggest things was around kind of hurdles. So as we look at deals, we're looking at how do we cross the 12% ROIC by year three and a 15% ROIC by year five. Understanding those are very tough hurdles, they are different than the vast majority of folks talk about and most folks are talking about 10 and 12 and so we think we have taken a tougher view of that.  The other part is we’ve really discounted the impact of cheap money. One of the discussion around accretion and what not around cheap money, we know that it eventually that will go the other way and so when we looks at things, we look at things on an absolute return basis, and I think that’s pretty important.  Also Mike, what's important, that is just generally how we think about capital. We're still absolutely committed to strategic acquisitions if there are platforms. It is a critical piece to our strategy and as we look at our six strategic platforms that we talked about consistently, acquisitions will play a role in filing technology gaps allowing for adjacency, expansion and going into new markets. At the same time, we believe that a more flexible, more disciplined approach is the way to go.
Andy Silvernail: I think so, if I don’t answer it exactly right do you want your follow up. First of all, you can’t separate growth investments from the cost out, as we took that $29 million of cost out of the business, we really have two options, right. We can take the $29 million and put every penny in our pocket which we absolutely could have done or we could have positioned ourselves even better for organic growth and as you know well, in the last decade IDEX has done I think a very good job of pivoting the business from a North American company to a much more global business and into end markets that are less cyclical and have better long-term growth rates.  Our success, our ability to deliver better than peer returns is going to be determined by able to continuing to do that, continuing to make those pivots geographically and into faster growing end markets and products. And when I look at the $0.14 that we are investing back into the business, that’s that is all about. Organic growth for us is far and away the single most valuable thing we have. You are talking about return on tangible assets that are well north of 30% and so for us that’s the game. It’s the most important piece of the game that is. And so while there is, we are giving some of that back to make those investments, we absolutely think that is the right thing to do. So that's the first part the answer to the question, Mike.  The second part which is, what are we doing internally for the year, our consistent approach to productivity and to ongoing cost out into margin expansion doesn't stop with the closing of this restructuring window. And we still absolutely expect to get that $20 plus million in productivity to offset where our inflationary piece that are non-material, right, wage inflation, health care inflation are real and we need to minimum offset those and so that will absolutely continue. So funding organic growth is number one and continue to drive productivity improvement day in and day out is number two, does that answer for you Mike.
Andy Silvernail: Absolutely, and also don't forget, it’s not like this cost happened on December 31, right, this is been ongoing throughout the year. We did ramp it up for in the fourth quarter to close it out, but this is been something we have been executing incredibly aggressively on year throughout 2012.
Andy Silvernail: John you are really looking to be flat generally. You've got a reasonable headwind that's going to come on in the second, third and fourth quarter as you full well know. At the same time the team has done a great job of taking cost out. So the facility closure in Pennsylvania and integrating that into Florida, certainly helps the core growth that we are going to see in dispensing outside of the one-time order and certainly in rescue will help offset that. So I think you are going to call it flat.
Andy Silvernail: John I want to add to that for a second. These calls often are exclusively focused on one side of financial statements, and I've got to say this team did a really fantastic job with free cash flow in 2012. The kind of numbers that we are talking about here are really pretty exceptional. When you look at it on a per share basis you talk about $3.53 a share in free cash flow in 2012, which is far away a record for the company and really demonstrates the focus on execution and sometimes it gets lost in the next year. So I congratulate the team, cash is a major piece of our focus because it enables everything that we do as a company and I think it’s a great story.
Andy Silvernail: Matt that's a very fair question, but let me cut that question in to two parts. First, the changes and then I will call it openness or intent for large deals going forward. On the first side of it, we’ve made a number of changes. The hurdles are one. Frankly, that’s an easy paper exercise that you go through. The bigger ones are, if you went back 18 months ago, our platform strategy was really just developing and if you look at overall at our platforms now, they are fully functioning, they have organizations that are very strong around them and they have what I call the organizational muscle to drive the organic growth at the platform level and give you the capacity to do integrations, and as an example, the deals that we did last year, a couple things, first of all, pricing was kind of 7 to 7.5 times EBITDA. So you see the discipline around that and they’ve gone real well. The other thing is each one of them fell in to a different platform and so you don’t over stress to organization and any one place for the ability to do deals.  So that’s number one, first change. Second one is, we made a decision in the summer of last year to repurpose a number of our resources, corporate and otherwise, to really have a dedicated acquisition integration team. That is not something that we had in the past. We really relied on the businesses to do most of what I will call physical post deal execution, integration. It's not a big team, don’t get me wrong. We're not big fans of what’s overhead, but it is a group of people, that’s what they do. They live them breathe from a diligence in creating the value proposition and understanding what the value drivers are going to be and then partnering with the platforms to make sure that they happen, and I sit with that team every month to look at the deal flow and every quarter to look at how we're executing against our deliverables.  So those are two pretty significant changes to how we think about it along with hurdle rates. The other question, this is an important question, so let me answer it in two ways. The first one is our bias is towards small to medium size deals that really fit our strategic platforms that is definitely our bias. There are however a handful of larger transactions that will significantly change the positioning of a platform or of IDEX, but not that many don’t get me wrong and they would fit very, very clearly into the sweet spots of what we have today. So there are few but our bias is very much towards small to medium size. 
Andy Silvernail: Well thank you all very much. I appreciate your time here today and walk in to our 2012 results and as we look at 2013. Obviously we have done a tremendous amount of work to prepare ourselves for a successful 2013, and we think we are in excellent shape to do so. Hopefully what you take away from this call is our commitment to driving organic growth in this business and really executing exceptionally well and being very, very disciplined around capital deployment. So I am proud of the team, they have done very good work, and we look forward to a good 2013. Thank you all. 
Scott Graham - Jefferies: Two questions for you Andy, what was really the final trigger for you here on the charge, obviously I'm assuming a lot of that is on the CVI side, in particular, just what happened in the fourth quarter or is it just the timing of the [remetriment], was there something that you were thinking about in the third quarter, just a little bit more on that as far as what maybe the final straw in this for you.
Scott Graham - Jefferies: So even though you've been restructuring this business for a while and increasing its competitiveness and the end markets that that business serves are not terrible, the math still worked out to a charge of this size.
Scott Graham - Jefferies: Okay, I do see that footnote now as small as it is. I needed the electron microscope to see that one, but I guess what I am wondering then is further on that though, Heath, is that you know, boy that’s a lot of inflation that you are expecting and in the environment right now that is very inflationary. I am not going to ask you to say the word conservatism, but it seems to me as if the inflation environment, even if you can circle labor as one of the factors would be hard pressed to 20 million to 25 million of productivity. 
Heath Mitts: Scott, its Heath. That number is really the absolutely restructuring in the problematic headcount that’s come out as well as the facility consolidations. That does not include the ongoing productivity initiatives around sourcing initiatives as well as OpEx activities that go or either are constantly going. So if you were to look forward in our bridge, the productivity initiatives and so forth kind of that $20 million numbers we've talked about in the past is included in the net inflation. So with that netted out to a number of $0.07 drag once you factor in, roughly 3% for wage inflation, little bit less than a 1% on material inflation, fringe inflation specifically around healthcare costs and you net against that productivity and sourcing savings is where you get the $0.07 drag.
Heath Mitts: We will actually manage the costs throughout the year as we always do and then we will battle down any inflationary pressures. So there might be a little bit in there, I don’t want to call out too much conservatism. The wage inflation alone is about $15 million Scott, and you got healthcare costs that factor into the fringe benefits and that’s up 5% to 6% and so 7% this year in our guidance. We will do everything we can keep that down, but those do factor in and a moderate amount of real material input inflation factors in a little bit. So we will do everything we can. There may be a tad bit of conservatism in there, but we will keep you posted throughout the year. 
Heath Mitts: Matt, this is Heath. As you recall, when we bought the business in June of 2011, we talked about a run rate of about $180 million; its fair to say that that has crept into somewhere in the $130 million to $140 million range. But a chunk of that, the largest piece of that is the market compression, there's also some business within there we've chosen to walk away from, just given where we want to situate the business from a long-term market perspective. So specifically, that's not our entire Optics platform, that's specific to CVI though.
Heath Mitts: Well, the profitability is obviously it’s a business that's very dependent upon revenue given the high contribution margins in the business. The structural cost actions that we've taken have gone a long way to calling back on a rate basis where we want to be. But just given on an absolute profitability dollar perspective, just given lower revenue run rate, we are not back where we want to be on that side.
Heath Mitts: We are going to get tremendous flow through on the next up tick of revenue in this business. And we are talking about contribution margins in this business that are north of 50%, sometimes even higher than that. So I don't want to quantify what it needs to be, but another $20 million of revenue is going to go a long way in this business.
Heath Mitts: I mean it appears there's push, there's things that go both directions on that in terms of the way things are handled and reverses intangible that have actually been written off, but that's out to a de minimus amount, so $1 million.
Heath Mitts: I think we don't break out cash by segment that way but if you look at it in aggregate we did we had a tremendous efforts towards working capital reduction in 2012. Feel very good about where inventory came out in terms of some of the activities that the operating team took on. We will continue to go aggressively after that. We were able to reduce our working capital as a percentage of sales by north of 100 basis points in 2012, and as we look forward to ’13 I think your numbers are directionally correct. Ultimately we would like to have see a 3 in front of it.
Heath Mitts: For 2013, it will be roughly in line with where we exit ’12. There's always some pushes and pulls in terms of that, in terms of certain things where compensation is bucketed and so forth generally around long term incentive plan, stock options and so forth. But it will be in that range of roughly $50 million.
